<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_21665_0000021665-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>58363412</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>733132</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>42416880</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6982881</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4164346</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3691523</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000021665-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216161709
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000021665-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		246
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COLGATE PALMOLIVE CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000021665
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		IRS NUMBER:				131815595
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00644
		FILM NUMBER:		23638717

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 PARK AVE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2123102000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 PARK AVE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000021665-23-000007.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 cl-20221231.htm
 10-K

cl-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code - 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of Colgate-Palmolive Company Common Stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of its most recently completed second quarter) was approximately billion. 
 There were shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company Common Stock outstanding as of January 31, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Colgate-Palmolive Company 
 Table of Contents 
 Part I Page Item 1. Business 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 21 
 Item 2. Properties 22 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 23 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 23 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 24 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 24 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 25 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 58 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 59 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 59 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 59 
 Item 9B. Other Information 59 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 59 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 60 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 60 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 61 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 61 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 61 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 62 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 66 
 Signatures 67 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 (a) General Development of the Business 
 
 Colgate-Palmolive Company (together with its subsidiaries, we, us, our, the Company or Colgate is a caring, innovative growth company reimagining a healthier future for all people, their pets and our planet. We seek to deliver sustainable, profitable growth through science-led, core and premium innovation and superior shareholder returns, as well as provide Colgate people with an innovative and inclusive work environment. We do this by developing and selling products globally that make people s and their pets lives healthier and more enjoyable and by embracing our sustainability and social impact and diversity, equity and inclusion DE I strategies across our organization. Our products are marketed in over 200 countries and territories throughout the world. Colgate was founded in 1806 and incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1923. 
 
 For recent business developments and other information, refer to the information set forth under the captions Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Executive Overview, Outlook, Results of Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources in Part II, Item 7 of this report. 
 
 (c) Narrative Description of the Business 
 
 We operate in two product segments: Oral, Personal and Home Care; and Pet Nutrition. We are a leader in Oral Care with global leadership in the toothpaste and manual toothbrush categories according to market share data. We sell our toothpastes under brands such as Colgate, Darlie, elmex, hello, meridol, Sorriso and Tom s of Maine, our toothbrushes under brands such as Colgate, Darlie, elmex and meridol and our mouthwashes under brands such as Colgate, elmex and meridol. Our Oral Care business also includes pharmaceutical products for dentists and other oral health professionals. 
 
 We are a leader in many product categories of the Personal Care market with global leadership in liquid hand soap, according to market share data, which we sell under brands such as Palmolive, Protex and Softsoap. Our Personal Care products also include Irish Spring, Palmolive and Protex bar soaps, Irish Spring, Palmolive, Sanex and Softsoap shower gels, Lady Speed Stick, Sanex, Speed Stick and Tom s of Maine deodorants and antiperspirants, EltaMD, Filorga and PCA SKIN skin health products and Palmolive shampoos and conditioners. 
 
 We manufacture and market a wide array of products for the Home Care market, including Ajax, Axion and Palmolive dishwashing liquids and Ajax, Fabuloso and Murphy household cleaners. We are a market leader in fabric conditioners with leading brands, including Suavitel in Latin America, Soupline in Europe, and Cuddly in the South Pacific, according to market share data. 
 
 Sales of Oral, Personal and Home Care products accounted for 43 , 19 and 17 , respectively, of our total worldwide Net sales in 2022. Geographically, Oral Care is a significant part of our business in Asia Pacific, comprising approximately 82 of Net sales in that region for 2022. 
 
 Through our Hill s Pet Nutrition segment Hill s or Pet Nutrition ), we are a world leader in specialty pet nutrition products for dogs and cats with products marketed in over 80 countries and territories worldwide. Hill s markets pet foods primarily under two brands. Hill s Science Diet, which is called Hill s Science Plan in Europe, is a range of products for everyday nutritional needs. Hill s Prescription Diet is a range of therapeutic pet foods to help nutritionally support dogs and cats in various different stages of health. Sales of Pet Nutrition products accounted for 21 of our total worldwide Net sales in 2022. 
 
 For more information regarding our worldwide Net sales by product category, refer to Note 1, Nature of Operations and Note 14, Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 For additional information regarding market share data, see Market Share Information in Part II, Item 7 of this report. 
 
 1 

Distribution; Raw Materials; Competition; Trademarks and Patents 
 
 Our Oral, Personal and Home Care products are sold to a variety of traditional and eCommerce retailers, wholesalers and distributors worldwide. Pet Nutrition products are sold by authorized pet supply retailers, veterinarians and eCommerce retailers. Certain of our products are also sold direct-to-consumer. Our sales to Walmart, Inc. and its affiliates represent approximately 11 of our Net sales in 2022. No other customer represents more than 10 of our Net sales. We support our products with advertising, promotion and other marketing (with increasing emphasis on digital) to build awareness and trial of our products. Our products are marketed by a direct sales force at individual operating subsidiaries or business units and by distributors or brokers. 
 
 The majority of raw and packaging materials used in our products are purchased from other companies and are available from several sources. No single raw or packaging material represents, and no single supplier provides, a significant portion of our total material requirements. We do, however, purchase certain key raw and packaging materials from single-source suppliers or a limited number of suppliers. For certain materials, new suppliers may have to be qualified under industry, governmental and/or Colgate standards, which can require additional investment and take a significant period of time. Raw and packaging material commodities, such as essential oils, resins, tropical oils, pulp, tallow, corn, poultry and soybeans, are subject to market price variations. For further information regarding the impact of changes in commodity prices, see Item 1A, Risk Factors - Volatility in material and other costs could adversely impact our profitability and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace which has experienced increased retail trade concentration, the substantial growth of eCommerce, the integration of traditional and digital operations at key retailers and the growing presence of large-format retailers, discounters and eCommerce retailers. Products similar to those that we produce and sell are available from multinational and local competitors in the U.S. and around the world. Certain of our competitors are larger and have greater resources than we do. In addition, the substantial growth in eCommerce has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models. In certain geographies, we also face strong local competitors, who may be more agile and have better local consumer insights than we do. Private label brands sold by retailers are also a source of competition for certain of our products. 
 
 The retail landscape in many of our markets continues to evolve as a result of the continued growth of eCommerce, changing consumer behavior and preferences (as consumers increasingly shop online and via mobile and social applications) and the increased presence of alternative retail channels, such as subscription services and direct-to-consumer businesses. We face competition in several aspects of our business, including pricing, promotional activities, new products and brand introductions and expansion into new geographies and channels. Product quality, innovation, brand recognition, marketing capability and acceptance of new products and brands largely determine success in Colgate's operating segments. 
 
 We consider trademarks to be of material importance to our business. We follow a practice of seeking trademark protection in the U.S. and throughout the world where our products are sold. Principal global and regional trademarks include Colgate, Palmolive, elmex, hello, meridol, Sorriso, Tom s of Maine, EltaMD, Filorga, Irish Spring, Lady Speed Stick, PCA SKIN, Protex, Sanex, Softsoap, Speed Stick, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Murphy, Soupline and Suavitel, as well as Hill s Science Diet and Hill s Prescription Diet. Our rights in these trademarks endure for as long as they are used and/or registered. Although we actively develop and maintain a portfolio of patents, no single patent is considered significant to the business as a whole. 

2 

COVID-19 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and government steps to reduce the spread and address the impact of COVID-19 have had and continue to have an impact on the way people live, work, interact and shop. During the COVID-19 pandemic, many of the communities in which we manufacture, market and sell our products experienced and may in the future experience stay at home orders, travel or movement restrictions and other government actions to address the pandemic. While the impact of COVID-19 on our business has largely abated at this time, uncertainties continue, particularly in China where we have substantial manufacturing facilities and business, and in the travel retail channel, where we have experienced and may continue to experience disruptions particularly in our Filorga business. We have also experienced certain disruptions to our global supply chain due to COVID-19, which have impacted and may continue to impact sales of and consumer access to our products. In addition, we have witnessed changes in the purchasing patterns of our customers, including a shift in many markets to purchasing our products online. COVID-19 may continue to impact consumers behavior, shopping patterns and consumption preferences. 
 
 While we currently expect to be able to continue operating our business as described above, uncertainty resulting from COVID-19 could result in unforeseen additional disruptions to our business, including our global supply chain and retailer network, and/or require us to incur additional operational costs. 
 
 For additional information regarding COVID-19 s impact on our business, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Executive Overview. 
 
 Government Regulations 
 
 As a global company, we are subject to extensive governmental regulations, including environmental rules and regulations, in the U.S. and abroad. The most significant government regulations that impact our business are discussed below. It is our policy and practice to comply with all government regulations applicable to our business. In 2022, compliance with these regulations did not have, and we do not expect such compliance in the future to have, a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. For further discussion of how global legal and regulatory requirements may impact our business, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 Product Development : Legal and regulatory requirements apply to most aspects of our products, including their development, ingredients, formulation, manufacture, packaging content, labeling, storage, transportation, distribution, export, import, advertising, sale and environmental impact. U.S. federal authorities, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Occupational, Health and Safety Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency, regulate different aspects of our business, along with parallel authorities at the state and local levels and comparable authorities overseas. 

Anti-Corruption, Anti-Bribery, Commercial Bribery and Competition : We are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other laws that generally prohibit the making or offering of improper payments to foreign government officials and political figures for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or to gain an unfair business advantage, and laws that prohibit commercial bribery. In addition, our selling practices are regulated by competition law authorities in the U.S. and abroad. 
 
 Privacy and Data Protection : Our collection, storage, transfer and/or processing of customer, consumer, employee, vendor and other stakeholder information and personal data is subject to important data protection laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad, including the General Data Protection Regulation. 
 
 Trade Compliance : We are subject to laws and sanctions imposed by the U.S., including, without limitation, those imposed by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC ), and/or by other jurisdictions that may prohibit us or certain of our affiliates from doing business in certain countries or restrict the kind of business that may be conducted. For information regarding the impact of the war in Ukraine, refer to Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Executive Overview 

3 

Human Capital Management 
 
 Human capital matters at Colgate are managed by our Global Human Resources function, led by our Chief Human Resources Officer, with oversight from the Personnel and Organization Committee of our Board of Directors (the Board ). As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 33,800 employees based in over 100 countries. Approximately two-thirds of our revenues are generated from markets outside the U.S. and 86 of our employees are located outside the U.S. Approximately 36 of our employees are based in Asia Pacific, 30 are based in Latin America, 15 are based in Europe, 14 are based in North America and 5 are based in Africa/Eurasia. Our global workforce covers a broad range of functions, from manufacturing employees to management personnel and certain of our employees are represented by unions or works councils. 
 
 Colgate s Culture and Core Values 
 
 As we work to achieve Colgate s purpose to reimagine a healthier future for all people, their pets and our planet, Colgate people, working around the world, share a commitment to our three core corporate values: Caring, Global Teamwork and Continuous Improvement. These values are reflected not only in the quality of our products and reputation, but also in our dedication to serving the communities where we live and work, as reflected in our sustainability and social impact and DE I strategies. With these values, we work to maintain a strong culture based on integrity, ethical behavior and a commitment to doing the right thing. Underlying these values and our strong culture is the commitment of all Colgate people to maintain the highest ethical standards and demonstrate ethical leadership, including compliance with Colgate policies and our Code of Ethics. 
 
 CARING: We care about people - Colgate people, consumers, customers, stockholders, business partners and people in the communities where we live and work. We are committed to acting with compassion, integrity, honesty and high ethics in all situations and to providing our employees with an innovative and inclusive work environment. 
 
 GLOBAL TEAMWORK: All Colgate people are part of a global team, committed to working and collaborating together across functions and countries. Only by sharing ideas, technologies and talents can we achieve and sustain profitable growth. 
 
 CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT: We are committed to getting better every day in all that we do, as individuals and as teams. We continue to drive a learning culture and transform our learning strategy to better meet our evolving business needs. We provide our employees with learning experiences focused on building leadership skills and offer training programs that are closely aligned with our business strategy. Specifically, we continue to embed new ways of working and leadership principles to, among other things, instill a growth mindset to drive innovation with focus, empowerment, experimentation and digitalization. Colgate people are embracing data and analytics as part of their jobs, and we are scaling new capabilities worldwide. In 2022, approximately 14,000 Colgate people completed a new Data Literacy Analytics Academy course we created with training experts. We are also committed to listening to our employees and seeing how the company is evolving and growing through regular employee engagement surveys. 
 
 Diversity, Equity Inclusion 
 
 We believe our people are crucial to our ongoing business success and aim to recruit, develop and retain strong and diverse talent. We celebrate differences, promote an equitable and inclusive environment and value the contributions of all Colgate people. At Colgate, we are proud of our collaborative spirit what we call The Power of WE. As a truly global company, we are working to ensure that our workforce reflects the diversity of the communities in which we live and work. As of December 31, 2022, our global workforce was approximately 59 male and 41 female. Women represented approximately 54 of our salaried and clerical employees, 44 of our people managers, 42 of Colgate s executives and 36 of senior leadership. Measuring the race/ethnicity of our workforce is challenging to do on a global basis. In the U.S., on an employee self-reported basis, the racial/ethnic composition of our workforce was approximately 68 White, 12 Hispanic, 9 Asian, 9 Black, and 2 Other. The racial/ethnic composition of our people managers was approximately 61 White, 16 Hispanic, 14 Asian and 9 Black; the composition of our executives was approximately 58 White, 19 Hispanic, 15 Asian, 7 Black, and 1 Other; and the composition of senior leadership was approximately 61 White, 15 Hispanic, 12 Asian and 12 Black. Other refers to American Indian/Alaska Native, two or more races or Native Hawaiian/other Pacific Islander. In this section, people managers refers to employees with roles that have at least one direct report, executives refers to those employees who are eligible to participate in Colgate s equity incentive compensation plans and senior leadership refers to employees who are Vice Presidents and above. 
 4 

We are committed to providing all of our employees with an equitable and inclusive work environment, learning opportunities and promotion and growth opportunities. A vital piece of our DE I strategy has been ensuring that our succession planning process incorporates the advancement of women and people of all cultures, including underrepresented communities. To help further foster inclusiveness, we support employee resource groups for team members of many different identities, interests and backgrounds, including underrepresented communities. Each of these resource groups contributes to our inclusive work environment by developing and implementing programs to promote business and community involvement as well as cultural awareness. We also partner with external organizations to develop an inclusive and supportive work environment. 
 
 Our global DE I strategy aims to further advance our commitment to become an even more diverse, equitable and inclusive organization. The four pillars of our strategy are People, Community, Supplier Diversity and Communication. Consistent with this strategy, we are working to implement policies, learning experiences and processes that promote awareness, empathy, advocacy and opportunity; become an ally for positive change for the underserved in communities in which we live and work; support minority and women-owned suppliers to enable success of diversity-owned businesses; and promote dialogue around DE I to increase awareness and advance the culture change to achieve our vision. In addition, we continued mandatory allyship and unconscious bias training for all salaried and clerical employees at Colgate that was first introduced in 2021 to help our employees better understand DE I concepts and embed allyship as a daily practice. Our Board, through its Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee and Personnel and Organization Committee, receives regular updates from management on our DE I efforts. 
 
 Succession Planning 
 
 We have a rigorous succession planning process, led by our Global Human Resources function. Our Board is also extensively involved in succession planning and people development with special focus on CEO succession. As part of the succession planning process, we review and discuss potential successors to key positions and examine backgrounds, capabilities and appropriate developmental assignments. 
 
 Compensation Philosophy 
 
 Given the importance of Colgate people to our business success, motivating and retaining critical talent is a key focus. We view compensation as an important tool to motivate leaders at all levels of the organization. For information regarding our compensation philosophy and executive compensation programs, please see our Proxy Statement to be filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Sustainability 
 
 We view sustainability as being critically important to our overall business and growth strategy. Our 2025 Sustainability Social Impact Strategy, which we announced in November 2020, is focused on three key ambitions - preserving our environment by accelerating action on climate change and reducing our environmental footprint; helping millions of homes by empowering people to develop healthier habits; and driving social impact with a commitment to helping to ensure the well-being of all people and their pets. These ambitions are supported by actionable targets consistent with our continued commitment to building environmental and social consciousness into our decision-making. 
 
 In 2022, we made progress on the targets set forth in our 2025 Sustainability Social Impact Strategy. 
 
 Reduce Plastic Waste: As a positive step toward achieving our targets to reduce the use of new plastic by a third and make our packaging 100 recyclable, reusable or compostable by 2025, we are implementing our first-of-its-kind recyclable toothpaste tube across our toothpaste portfolio. Since introducing our first-of-its-kind recyclable toothpaste tube in 2019, as of December 31, 2022, we have transitioned over 70 of our toothpaste SKUs in North America to recyclable tubes. We continue to share the tube technology and, as of December 31, 2022, we have shared it with third parties by holding approximately 70 sessions to encourage recyclability of all tubes in practice and at scale. We are committed to the success of Colgate Keep, our first-of-its-kind manual toothbrush with a replaceable head and a reusable aluminum handle for 80 less plastic waste compared to similarly sized Colgate toothbrushes. 
 
 5 

Accelerate Action on Climate Change: Colgate is taking steps to accelerate action on climate change through science-based near-term, long-term and Net Zero 2040 emissions targets across our operations and supply chain, which have been approved by The Science Based Targets initiative. To support our goal to become Net Zero carbon in our operations by 2040, we have built a global renewable energy master plan which includes roadmaps by division to cover our manufacturing facilities and owned warehouses, global technology centers and offices and have engaged our priority Tier 1 Suppliers in support of our goal to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions by 20 by 2025 (versus a 2020 baseline). 
 
 Lead with Zero Waste Facilities: It is our goal to achieve TRUE Zero Waste certifications at 100 of our operations, which we define as our manufacturing facilities, owned and operated warehouses, global technology centers and strategic offices, by 2025. In 2022, six more of our sites achieved TRUE certification. That brings the total number of TRUE certified sites, as of December 31, 2022, to 32 across five continents in 19 countries. 
 
 Ingredient Transparency: We continue to promote ingredient transparency and seek to follow the highest safety and efficacy standards as we formulate our products. We have rolled out a new Fragrance Flavors Share for Good ingredient transparency program, which provides additional ingredient information. 
 
 Social Impact: Colgate Bright Smiles, Bright Futures is our flagship oral health education and well-being initiative. Since the program was established in 1991, we have reached over 1.6 billion children and their families in more than 80 countries. Through our Hill's Food, Shelter Love program, we have helped over 13 million shelter pets find forever homes since 2002. 
 
 Additional information about our sustainability targets and efforts, including our 2021 Sustainability and Social Impact Report, our 2022 Climate Transition Net Zero Action Plan and our reports aligned with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) can be found in the Sustainability section of our website at https://www.colgatepalmolive.com/sustainability. References to these reports and our website are for informational purposes only and neither the reports nor the other information on our website is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

6 

Information about our Executive Officers 
 
 The following is a list of our executive officers as of February 16, 2023: Name Age Date First Elected Officer Present Title Noel R. Wallace 58 2009 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Stanley J. Sutula III 57 2020 Chief Financial Officer Jennifer M. Daniels 59 2014 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary John W. Kooyman 58 2019 Chief of Staff Prabha Parameswaran 64 2019 Group President, Growth and Strategy Panagiotis Tsourapas 58 2019 Group President, Europe and Developing Markets Sally Massey 49 2020 Chief Human Resources Officer Gregory O. Malcolm 55 2022 Vice President and Controller 
 
 Each of our executive officers listed above has served the Company or our subsidiaries in various executive capacities for the past five years with the exception of Stanley J. Sutula III, Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Sutula was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pitney Bowes Inc., which he joined in 2017. 
 
 Under our By-Laws, our officers hold office until their respective successors are chosen and qualified or until they have resigned, retired or been removed by the affirmative vote of a majority of our Board. There are no family relationships between any of our executive officers, and there is no arrangement or understanding between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which the executive officer was elected. 
 
 (e) Available Information 
 
 Our website address is www.colgatepalmolive.com. The information contained on our website is not included as a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge, on our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, interactive data files posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Also available on our website are the Company s Code of Conduct and Board Guidelines on Significant Corporate Governance Issues, the charters of the Committees of the Board, Specialized Disclosure Reports on Form SD, reports under Section 16 of the Exchange Act of transactions in Company stock by directors and executive officers and our Proxy Statements. 
 
 7 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 In addition to the risks described elsewhere in this report, set forth below is a summary of the material risks to an investment in our securities. These risks, some of which have occurred and/or are occurring and any of which could occur in the future, are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also have an adverse effect on us. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted, which might cause the value of our securities to decline. 
 
 Business and Industry Risks 
 
 We face risks associated with significant international operations, including exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. 
 
 We operate on a global basis serving consumers in more than 200 countries and territories with approximately two-thirds of our Net sales originating in markets outside the U.S. While geographic diversity helps to reduce our exposure to risks in any one country or part of the world, it also means that we face risks associated with significant international operations, including, but not limited to: 
 
 changing macroeconomic conditions in our markets, including as a result of inflation, the war in Ukraine, volatile commodity prices and increases in the cost of raw and packaging materials, labor, energy and logistics; 
 
 political or economic instability, geopolitical events, wars and military conflicts, such as the war in Ukraine, environmental events, widespread health emergencies, such as COVID-19 or other pandemics or epidemics, natural disasters or social or labor unrest; 
 
 changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies, which may reduce the U.S. dollar value of revenues, profits and cash flows from non-U.S. markets or increase our supply costs, as measured in U.S. dollars, in those markets; 
 
 exchange controls and other limits on our ability to import or export raw materials or finished product, including as a result of COVID-19, and the war in Ukraine, or to repatriate earnings from overseas; 
 
 lack of well-established, reliable and/or impartial legal systems in certain countries where we operate and difficulties in enforcing contractual, intellectual property or other legal rights; 
 
 foreign ownership and investment restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources; and 
 
 changes to trade policies and agreements and other foreign or domestic legal and regulatory requirements, including those resulting in potentially adverse tax consequences or the imposition of and/or the increase in trade restrictions and/or tariffs, sanctions, price controls, labor laws, travel or immigration restrictions (including as a result of pandemics, epidemics or other widespread health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic), profit controls or other government controls, including as a result of the war in Ukraine. 
 
 Any or all of the foregoing risks could have a significant impact on our ability to sell our products on a competitive basis in international markets and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, a number of these risks may adversely impact consumer confidence and consumption, which could reduce sales volumes of our products or result in a shift in our product mix from higher margin to lower margin product offerings. 
 
 We face risks resulting from political and macroeconomic instability and geopolitical events, such as the ongoing war in Ukraine and the related geopolitical tensions. We suspended the importation and sales of all products in Russia other than essential health and hygiene products for everyday use and ceased all capital investments and media activities in Russia. While these actions have impacted our Eurasia business, they have not had a material impact on our business, results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. In 2022, our Eurasia business constituted approximately 2 of our consolidated net sales and approximately 3 of our consolidated operating profit (the majority of which was Russia). We, 
 8 

however, have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, risks related to the impact of the war in Ukraine, including increases in the cost and, in certain cases, limitations on the availability of raw and packaging materials and commodities (including oil and natural gas), supply chain and logistics challenges and foreign currency volatility. We also continue to monitor the impact of the sanctions and export controls imposed in the response to the war in Ukraine. The situation continues to evolve and significant uncertainties regarding the full impact of the war in Ukraine or the related impacts on the global economy and geopolitical relations, in general and on our business in particular, remain and may be impacted by any or all of the foregoing risks. The war in Ukraine may also heighten other risks disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any of which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Furthermore, the imposition of tariffs and/or increase in tariffs on various products by the United States and other countries have introduced greater uncertainty with respect to trade policies and government regulations affecting trade between the United States and other countries and new and/or increased tariffs have subjected, and may continue in the future to subject, us to additional costs and expenditure of resources. Major developments in trade relations, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs by the United States and/or other countries, such as China, and any emerging nationalist trends in specific countries could alter the trade environment and consumer purchasing behavior which, in turn, could have a material effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 In an effort to minimize the impact on earnings of foreign currency rate movements, we engage in a combination of selling price increases, where permitted, sourcing strategies, cost-containment measures and selective hedging of foreign currency transactions. However, the impact of these measures have not and may not in the future fully offset any negative impact of foreign currency rate movements on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Significant competition in our industry could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We face vigorous competition worldwide, including from strong local competitors and from other large, multinational companies, some of which have greater resources than we do. In addition, the substantial growth in eCommerce has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models. 
 
 We face competition in several aspects of our business, including pricing, promotional activities, new product introductions and expansion into new geographies and channels. Some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on or have more effective advertising and promotional activities than we do, introduce competing products more quickly and/or respond more effectively to business and economic conditions and changing consumer preferences, including by launching innovative new products. Such competition also extends to administrative and legal challenges of product claims and advertising. Our success is increasingly dependent on our ability to effectively leverage digital technology and data analytics to gain new commercial insights and develop relevant marketing and advertising to reach customers and consumers. Our ability to compete also depends on the strength of our brands and on our ability to enforce and defend our intellectual property, including patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret and trade dress rights, against infringement and legal challenges by competitors. 
 
 We may be unable to anticipate the timing and scale of such initiatives or challenges by competitors or to successfully respond to them, which could harm our business. In addition, the cost of responding to such initiatives and challenges, including management time, out-of-pocket expenses and price reductions, may affect our performance. A failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Increasing dependence on key retailers in developed markets, changes in the policies of our retail trade customers, the emergence of alternative retail channels and the rapidly changing retail landscape and changing consumer preferences may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace which has experienced increased trade concentration and the growing presence of large-format retailers, discounters and eCommerce retailers. With the growing trend toward retail trade consolidation, the substantial growth of eCommerce and the integration of traditional and digital operations at key retailers, we are increasingly dependent on certain retailers, and some of these retailers have and may continue to have greater bargaining strength than we do. They have used and may continue to use this leverage to demand higher trade discounts, allowances, slotting fees or increased investment, including through display media, paid search, preparation fees and co-op programs, which have led to and could continue to lead to reduced sales or profitability in certain markets. The loss of a key customer or a significant reduction in sales to a key customer could adversely affect our business, results of 
 9 

operations, cash flows and financial condition. For additional information regarding our customers, see Distribution; Raw Materials; Competition; Trademarks and Patents in Item 1 Business. 
 
 We also have been and may continue to be negatively affected by changes in the policies or practices of our retail trade customers, such as inventory destocking, fulfillment requirements, limitations on access to shelf space, delisting of our products, or sustainability, supply chain or packaging standards or initiatives. For example, a determination by a key retailer that any of our ingredients should not be used in certain consumer products or that our packaging does not comply with certain requirements and standards could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, private label products sold by our retail customers, which are typically sold at lower prices than branded products, are a source of competition for certain of our products. 
 
 Further, the retail landscape in many of our markets continues to evolve as a result of the substantial growth of eCommerce, changing consumer behaviors and preferences (as consumers increasingly shop online and via mobile and social applications) and the increased presence of alternative retail channels, such as subscription services and direct-to-customer businesses. The substantial growth in eCommerce and the emergence of alternative retail channels have created and may continue to create pricing pressures and/or adversely affect our relationships with our key retailers. 
 
 Further, consumer preferences continue to evolve due to a number of factors, including evolving consumer concerns or perceptions (whether or not valid) regarding environmental, social and governance ESG practices, including the sourcing and sustainability of packaging materials, a growing demand for natural or organic products and ingredients and ingredient transparency, evolving consumer concerns or perceptions regarding the effects of ingredients, changing consumer sentiment toward non-local products or sources and changing perceptions of and increased focus on labor and human rights and environmental impacts (including responsible sourcing, deforestation, packaging, plastic, energy and water use and waste management). 
 
 If we are not successful in continuing to adapt or to effectively react to changes in consumer behaviors, preferences or purchasing patterns and/or changing market dynamics, including customer policies or the proliferation of eCommerce and alternative retail channels, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 The growth of our business depends on the successful identification, development and launch of innovative new products. 
 
 Our growth depends on the continued success of existing products, the successful identification, development and launch of innovative new and differentiated products and the expansion into adjacent categories, channels of distribution or geographies. Our ability to launch new products, to sustain existing products and to expand into adjacent categories, channels of distribution or geographies is affected by whether we can successfully: 
 
 identify, develop and fund technological innovations; 
 
 obtain and maintain necessary intellectual property protection and avoid infringing intellectual property rights of others; 
 
 obtain approvals and registrations of regulated products, including from the FDA and other regulatory bodies in the U.S. and abroad; and 
 
 anticipate and quickly respond to the needs and preferences of consumers and customers. 
 
 The identification, development and introduction of innovative new products that drive incremental sales involves considerable costs and effort, and any new product may not generate sufficient customer and consumer interest and sales to become a profitable product or to cover the costs of its development and promotion. Our ability to achieve a successful launch of a new product could also be adversely affected by preemptive actions taken by competitors in response to the launch, such as increased promotional activities and advertising. In addition, new products may not be accepted quickly or significantly in the marketplace. 
 
 Our ability to quickly innovate to adapt and market our products and to adapt our packaging and the sustainability profile of our products to meet evolving consumer preferences is an essential part of our business strategy. The failure to 
 10 

develop and launch successful new products or to adapt our packaging, the sustainability profile of our products or supply chain to meet such preferences could hinder the growth of our business and any delay in the development or launch of a new product could result in us not being the first to market, which could compromise our competitive position and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, our success in launching new products is also dependent on our ability to deliver effective and efficient marketing in an evolving media landscape (including digital), which is subject to dynamic and increasingly restrictive privacy requirements. 
 
 If, in the course of identifying or developing new products, we are found to have infringed the trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent or other intellectual property rights of others, directly or indirectly, through the use of third-party ideas or technologies, such a finding could adversely affect our ability to develop innovative new products and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Even if we are not found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, claims of infringement could adversely affect us, including by increasing costs and by delaying the launch of new products. 

We face various risks related to pandemics, epidemics or similar widespread public health concerns, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 We face various risks related to pandemics, epidemics or similar widespread public health concerns, including the COVID-19 pandemic. A pandemic, epidemic or similar widespread health concern could have, and COVID-19 has had and may continue to have, a variety of impacts on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, including: 
 
 our ability to continue to maintain and support the health, safety and well-being of our employees, including key employees; 
 
 disruptions to our global supply chain, including the closure of manufacturing and distribution facilities, due to, among other things, the lack of availability of raw and packaging materials or manufacturing components; a decrease in our workforce or in the efficiency of such workforce, including as a result of illness, travel restrictions, absenteeism or governmental regulations; transportation and logistics challenges, including as a result of port and border closures and other governmental restrictions or volume and capacity restraints; or the impact of a pandemic, epidemic or other health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic on our retailers, third party suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers or distributors; 
 
 volatility in the demand for and availability of our products, which may be caused by the temporary inability of our consumers to purchase our products due to illness, financial hardship, quarantine, government actions mandating the closure of our facilities, distributors or retailers and/or imposing travel or movement restrictions, shifts in demand and consumption away from more discretionary or higher priced products to lower-priced products or pantry-loading activity; 
 
 changes in purchasing patterns of our consumers, including a shift to purchasing our products online and disruptions in certain channels; 
 
 significant volatility in demand for certain of our products, which may require us to increase our production capacity or acquire additional capacity at an additional cost and expense; 
 
 failure of third parties on which we rely, including our retailers, suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, customers, commercial banks, joint venture partners and external business partners, to meet their obligations to us, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so, which may be caused by their own financial or operational difficulties; 
 
 significant changes in the economic and political conditions of the markets in which we operate, which could restrict our employees ability to work and travel, could mandate the closure of certain distributors or retailers, our offices, shared business service centers and/or operating and manufacturing facilities or otherwise could prevent us as well as our third-party partners, suppliers or customers from sufficiently staffing operations, including operations necessary for the manufacture, distribution, sale and support of our products; 
 
 11 

disruptions and volatility in the global capital markets, including rising interest rates, which may increase the cost of capital and adversely impact our access to capital; and/or 
 
 volatility in foreign exchange rates and increases in the cost and availability of raw and packaging materials and transportation and logistics costs. 
 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, many of the communities in which we manufacture, market and sell our products experienced and may in the future experience stay at home orders, travel or movement restrictions and other government actions to address the pandemic. While the impact of COVID-19 on our business has largely abated at this time, uncertainties continue, particularly in China where we have substantial manufacturing facilities and business, and in the travel retail channel, where we have experienced and may continue to experience disruptions particularly in our Filorga business. We have also experienced and may continue to experience certain disruptions to our global supply chain due to COVID-19, which have impacted and may continue to impact sales of and consumer access to our products. We have also witnessed and may continue to witness changes in the purchasing patterns of our customers, including a shift in many markets to purchasing our products online. COVID-19 may continue to impact consumer behavior and preferences, shopping patterns and consumption preferences. Uncertainty resulting from COVID-19 could result in an unforeseen additional disruption to our business, including our global supply chain and retailer network, and/or require us to incur additional operational costs. 
 
 These and other risks related to COVID-19 have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Furthermore, these and other impacts of COVID-19 could also have the effect of heightening many of the other risk factors included in this Item 1A, Risk Factors, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For additional information regarding how COVID-19 has affected or is expected to affect our business, refer to Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Executive Overview. 
 
 Damage to our reputation could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Maintaining our strong reputation with consumers and our trade partners globally is critical to selling our branded products. Accordingly, we devote significant time and resources to programs designed to protect and preserve our reputation, such as our ethics and compliance, ESG, brand protection and product safety, regulatory and quality initiatives. Negative publicity about us, our brands, our products, our supply chain, our ingredients, our packaging, our ESG practices, or our employees, whether or not deserved, could jeopardize our reputation. Such negative publicity could relate to, among other things, health concerns, threatened or pending litigation or regulatory proceedings, labor and human rights and environmental impact (including responsible sourcing, deforestation, packaging, plastic, energy and water use and waste management) or our ESG practices. In addition, the proliferation of digital and social media has greatly increased the accessibility of information and the speed of its dissemination and the potential for negative publicity. Negative publicity, posts or comments on digital and social media, whether true or untrue, could damage our brands and our reputation. The success of our brands could also suffer if our marketing initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand s image or its ability to attract consumers. 
 
 Additionally, due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties, including our suppliers, distributors, contractors, joint venture partners and other external business partners, for certain functions. While we have policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, compliance and ESG practices, thereby potentially increasing our reputational and legal risk. 
 
 We have taken and in the future may take certain actions to safeguard our reputation and uphold our ethical values, such as changes to how and where we sell, advertise and invest behind our products and operations, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, third parties sell counterfeit versions of our products, which are inferior or may pose safety risks. As a result, consumers of our brands could confuse our products with these counterfeit products, which could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in the future and in turn could impair our brand equity and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 12 

Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for these or any other reasons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, as well as require resources to rebuild our reputation. 
 
 Our success depends upon our ability to recruit, attract and retain key employees, including through the implementation of diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, and the succession of senior management. 
 
 Our success largely depends on the performance of our management team and other key employees. If we are unable to recruit, attract and retain talented, highly qualified senior management and other key people, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. Successfully executing organizational change, including management transitions at leadership levels of the Company and succession plans for senior management, is critical to our business success. While we follow a disciplined, ongoing succession planning process and have succession plans in place for senior management and other key executives, these do not guarantee that the services of qualified senior executives will continue to be available to us at particular moments in time. Further, changes in immigration laws and government policies, including related to the COVID-19 pandemic, have made, in certain circumstances, and may continue to make, it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate highly skilled technical, professional and management personnel to meet our business needs. Our ability to attract and retain talent has been and may continue to be impacted by challenges in the labor market, particularly in the United States, which has experienced and may continue to experience wage inflation, labor shortages and a shift toward a hybrid working model. In addition, we continue to work to advance culture change through the implementation of DE I initiatives throughout our organization. We continue to embed new ways of working throughout the organization to, among other things, instill a growth mindset to drive innovation with focus, empowerment, experimentation and digitization. If we do not (or are perceived not to) successfully implement these initiatives, our ability to recruit, attract and retain talent may be adversely impacted. 
 
 We have pursued and may continue to pursue acquisitions and divestitures, which could adversely impact our business. 
 
 We have pursued and may continue to pursue acquisitions of brands, businesses, assets or technologies from third parties. Acquisitions and their pursuit have involved, and can involve, numerous potential risks, including, among other things: 
 
 realizing the full extent of the expected benefits or synergies as a result of a transaction, within the anticipated time frame, or at all; 
 
 successfully integrating the operations, technologies, services, products and systems of the acquired brands, assets or businesses in an effective, timely and cost-efficient manner; 
 
 receiving necessary consents, clearances and approvals in connection with a transaction; 
 
 diverting management s attention from other business priorities; 
 
 successfully operating in new lines of business, channels of distribution or markets; 
 
 achieving distribution expansion related to products, categories and markets; 
 
 retaining key employees, partners, suppliers and customers of the acquired business; 
 
 conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies of the acquired business with our own; 
 
 developing or launching products with acquired technologies; and 
 
 other unanticipated problems or liabilities. 
 
 Moreover, acquisitions have resulted in and could in the future result in substantial additional debt, the assumption of contingent liabilities, such as litigation or earn-out obligations, or transaction costs. In addition, to the extent that the economic benefits associated with an acquisition or investment diminish in the future or the performance of an acquired 
 13 

company or business is less robust than expected, we may be required to record additional impairments of intangible assets, including trademarks and goodwill. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2022, we took non-cash, aftertax impairment charges of 620 million, to adjust the carrying values of goodwill and intangible assets related to the Filorga skin health business. For additional information regarding recent impairment charges, refer to Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Goodwill and Intangible Asset Impairment Charges. Any of these risks could adversely impact our reputation and our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 We have divested and may in the future periodically divest brands or businesses. These divestitures may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition if we are unable to offset the dilutive impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested brands or businesses, or otherwise achieve the anticipated benefits or cost savings from the divestitures. In addition, businesses under consideration for, or otherwise subject to, divestiture may be adversely impacted prior to the divestiture, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 Our business results are impacted by our ability to manage disruptions in our global supply chain and/or key office facilities. 
 
 We are engaged in the manufacture and sourcing of products and materials on a global scale. Our operations and those of our suppliers, contract manufacturers or logistics providers have been and may continue to be disrupted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 
 
 geopolitical events, wars and military conflicts, such as the war in Ukraine; 
 
 widespread health emergencies, such as COVID-19 or other pandemics or epidemics; 
 
 strikes and other labor disputes; 
 
 disruptions in logistics; 
 
 loss or impairment of key manufacturing or distribution sites; 
 
 loss of key suppliers or contract manufacturers; 
 
 capacity constraints; 
 
 raw material and product quality or safety issues; 
 
 industrial accidents or other occupational health and safety issues; 
 
 the impact on our suppliers of tighter credit or capital markets; 
 
 the lack of availability of qualified personnel, such as truck drivers and production labor; 
 
 governmental incentives and controls (including import and export restrictions, such as new or increased tariffs, sanctions, quotas or trade barriers); and 
 
 natural disasters, including climatic events (including any potential effects of climate change) and earthquakes, tornadoes, acts of war or terrorism, political unrest or uncertainty, fires or explosions, cyber-security incidents and other external factors over which we have no control. 
 
 In addition, we purchase certain key raw and packaging materials from single-source suppliers or a limited number of suppliers and new suppliers may have to be qualified under industry, governmental and/or Colgate standards, which can require additional investment and take a significant period of time. If our existing or new suppliers fail to meet such 
 14 

standards or if we are unable to contract with suppliers on favorable terms, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 We believe that the supplies of raw and packaging materials needed to manufacture our products are adequate. In addition, we have business continuity and contingency plans in place for key manufacturing sites and contract manufacturers and the supply of raw and packaging materials. Nonetheless, a significant disruption to the manufacturing or sourcing of products or materials for any reason, including those mentioned above, have at times interrupted and could, in the future, interrupt product supply and, if not remedied, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, as a result of our global shared service organizational model, certain of our functions, such as finance and accounting, customer service and logistics, human resources, global information technology and data analytics are concentrated in key office facilities. A significant disruption to any of our key office facilities for any reason, including those mentioned above, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Volatility in material and other costs could adversely impact our profitability. 
 
 Raw and packaging material commodities, such as essential oils, resins, tropical oils, pulp, tallow, corn, poultry and soybeans, are subject to market price variations. Increases in the costs of and/or a reduction in the availability of commodities, energy and logistics (including trucks and containers) and other necessary services, including as a result of COVID-19 and/or the war in Ukraine, have affected and are likely to continue to adversely affect our profit margins. Inflationary pressures have also increased and may continue to increase the cost of such commodities and services. We have taken and may continue to take actions to mitigate these cost increases in the form of price increases and efforts to achieve cost efficiencies in areas such as manufacturing and distribution, or otherwise manage the exposure through sourcing strategies, ongoing productivity initiatives and the limited use of commodity hedging contracts. These actions may not, however, fully offset these higher costs and our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition have been and may continue to be adversely impacted. In addition, even if we are able to increase the prices of our products in response to commodity and other cost increases, we may not be able to sustain the price increases which may lead to declines in volume. If competitors do not adjust their prices or if consumers decide not to pay higher prices and forego purchasing certain of our products or switch to private label or lower-priced product offerings, sales declines, a deterioration in our profitability and loss of market share may occur which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See Our business results depend on our ability to manage disruptions in our global supply chain and/or key office facilities above for additional information. 
 
 There is no guarantee that our ongoing efforts to reduce costs will be successful. 
 
 One way that we generate funds needed to support the growth of our business is through our continuous, Company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization, which we refer to as our funding-the-growth initiatives. These initiatives are designed to reduce costs associated with direct materials, indirect expenses, distribution and logistics, and advertising and promotional materials, among other things. The achievement of our funding-the-growth goals depends on our ability to successfully identify and realize additional savings opportunities. Events and circumstances, such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays and unexpected costs may occur that could result in our not realizing any or all of the anticipated benefits or our not realizing the anticipated benefits on our expected timetable. If we are unable to realize the anticipated savings of our funding-the-growth initiatives, our ability to fund other initiatives and achieve our profitability goals may be adversely affected. Any failure to implement our funding-the-growth initiatives in accordance with our expectations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For additional information regarding our funding-the-growth initiatives, refer to Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Executive Overview. 
 
 We may not fully realize the benefits that we expect from our 2022 Global Productivity Initiative . 
 
 On January 27, 2022, the Board approved a targeted productivity program (the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative ). The program is intended to reallocate resources toward our strategic priorities and faster growth businesses, drive efficiencies in our operations and streamline our supply chain to reduce structural costs. The successful implementation of the program may present organizational challenges and, in some cases, may require successful negotiations with third parties. As a result, we may not be able to fully realize all of the anticipated benefits from the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative. Events and circumstances, such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays and unexpected costs may occur that 
 15 

could result in our not realizing all of the anticipated benefits or our not realizing such benefits on our expected timetable. In addition, changes in foreign exchange rates or in tax, labor or immigration laws may result in our not achieving the anticipated cost savings as measured in U.S. dollars. If we are unable to fully realize the anticipated savings from the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative, our ability to fund other initiatives and enhance profitability may be adversely affected. Any failure to implement the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative in accordance with our expectations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For additional information regarding the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative, refer to Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Restructuring and Related Implementation Charges. 
 
 A cyber-security incident, data breach or a failure of a key information technology system could adversely impact our business. 
 
 We rely extensively on information technology systems IT Systems ), including some which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties, including cloud-based service providers, and their vendors, in order to conduct our business. Our uses of these systems include, but are not limited to: 
 
 communicating within our company and with other parties, including our customers and consumers; 
 
 ordering and managing materials from suppliers; 
 
 converting materials to finished products; 
 
 receiving and processing orders from, shipping products to and invoicing our customers and consumers; 
 
 marketing products to consumers; 
 
 collecting, storing, transferring and/or processing customer, consumer, employee, vendor, investor and other stakeholder information and personal data, including, but not limited to, such data from residents of states, countries and regions with important data protection laws and regulations; 
 
 processing transactions, including but not limited to employee payroll, employee and retiree benefits and payments to customers and vendors; 
 
 hosting, processing and sharing confidential and proprietary research, intellectual property, business plans and financial information; 
 
 summarizing and reporting results of operations, including financial reporting; 
 
 managing our banking and other cash liquidity systems and platforms; 
 
 complying with legal, regulatory and tax requirements; 
 
 providing data security; and 
 
 handling other processes involved in managing our business. 
 
 Although we have a broad array of information security measures in place, our IT Systems, including those of third-party service providers with whom we have contracted, have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, phishing and other cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated and are being made by groups, individuals and nation states with a wide range of expertise and motives. Such cyber-attacks and cyber incidents can take many forms, including cyber extortion, social engineering, password theft or introduction of viruses or malware, such as ransomware through phishing emails. We cannot guarantee that our security efforts will prevent breaches or breakdowns of our, or our third-party service providers , IT Systems since the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time. In addition, although we have policies and procedures in place to ensure that all personal information collected by us or our third-party service providers is securely maintained, data leakages due to human error or intentional or unintentional conduct have occurred and likely will continue 
 16 

to occur. Furthermore, we periodically upgrade our IT Systems or adopt new technologies. If such an upgrade or new technology does not function as designed, does not go as planned or increases our exposure to a cyber-attack or cyber incident, it may adversely impact our business, including our ability to ship products to customers, issue invoices and process payments or order raw and packaging materials. Although we have seen no material impact on our business operations from the cyber-security incidents we have experienced to date, if we suffer a significant loss or disclosure of confidential business or stakeholder information as a result of a breach of our IT Systems, including those of third-party service providers with whom we have contracted, or otherwise, we may suffer reputational, competitive and/or business harm, incur significant costs and be subject to government investigations, litigation, fines and/or damages, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, while we currently maintain insurance coverage that, subject to its terms and conditions, is intended to address costs associated with certain aspects of cyber-security incidents and IT System failures, this insurance coverage may not, depending on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding an incident, cover all losses or all types of claims that arise from an incident, or the damage to our business, reputation or brands that may result from an incident. 
 
 Furthermore, while we have disaster recovery and business continuity plans in place, if our IT Systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly for any reason, including the poor performance of, failure of or cyber-attack on third-party service providers, catastrophic events, power outages, cyber-security breaches, network outages, failed upgrades or other similar events and, if the disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve such issues on a timely basis, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage or conduct business as well as reputational harm, and may be subject to governmental investigations and litigation, any of which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Climate change and other sustainability matters could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases GHG in the atmosphere and its impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of natural disasters and other extreme weather conditions may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Specifically, the predicted effects of climate change may exacerbate challenges regarding the availability and quality of water and the cost, quality and availability of raw and packaging materials, pose physical risks to our facilities and those of our key suppliers, disrupt our global supply chain or impact demand for our products. In addition, the increased concern over climate change has resulted and is likely to continue to result in additional legal and regulatory requirements intended to, among other things, reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change and have related and may relate to, among other things, GHG emissions (e.g., carbon pricing), alternative energy policy and additional disclosure obligations. Such additional regulation may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition by increasing our compliance and manufacturing costs and/or negatively impacting our reputation if we are unable to, or are perceived (whether or not valid) not to, satisfy such requirements or expectations. Achieving our sustainability and social impact targets will require significant efforts from us and other stakeholders, such as our suppliers and other third parties. It will also require capital investment, additional expense (e.g., renewable energy costs) and the development of technology that may not currently exist. Any failure to achieve our sustainability and social impact targets or the perception (whether or not valid) that we have failed to act responsibly with respect to such matters or to effectively respond to new or additional legal or regulatory requirements regarding climate change or other sustainability matters, could result in adverse publicity and adversely affect our business and reputation. There is also increased focus, including by governmental and non-governmental organizations, investors, customers, consumers, regulators, our employees and other stakeholders on these and other sustainability and social impact matters, including responsible sourcing and deforestation, the use of plastic, energy and water, the recyclability or recoverability of packaging, including single-use and other plastic packaging, and a growing demand for natural or organic products and ingredients and ingredient transparency. Our reputation could be damaged if we do not (or are perceived not to) act responsibly with respect to sustainability matters, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Our business is subject to legal and regulatory risks in the U.S. and abroad. 
 
 Our business is subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and abroad. Such legal and regulatory requirements apply to most aspects of our products, including their development, ingredients, formulation, manufacture, packaging content, labeling, storage, transportation, distribution, export, import, advertising, sale and environmental impact. U.S. federal authorities, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the 
 17 

Environmental Protection Agency, regulate different aspects of our business, along with parallel authorities at the state and local levels and comparable authorities overseas. In addition, our selling practices are regulated by competition law authorities in the U.S. and abroad. 
 
 New or more stringent legal or regulatory requirements, or more restrictive interpretations of existing requirements, could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For example, from time to time, various regulatory authorities around the world review the use of various ingredients and packaging content in consumer products. While we monitor and seek to mitigate the impact of any emerging information, a decision by a regulatory or governmental authority that any ingredient or packaging content in our products should be restricted or should otherwise be newly regulated could adversely impact our business and reputation, as could negative reactions by our consumers, trade customers or non-governmental organizations to our current or prior use of such ingredients or packaging. Additionally, an inability to develop new or reformulated products containing alternative ingredients, to obtain regulatory approval of such products or ingredients on a timely basis or to effectively market and sell such products could likewise adversely affect our business. 
 
 Because of our extensive international operations, we could be adversely affected by violations of worldwide anti-bribery laws, including those that prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other third parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and laws that prohibit commercial bribery. We are also subject to laws and sanctions imposed by the U.S. (including, without limitation, those imposed by OFAC) and/or by other jurisdictions that may prohibit us or certain of our affiliates from doing business in certain countries, or restrict the kind of business that may be conducted. While our policies mandate compliance with these laws, we cannot provide assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees, joint venture partners or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and adversely affect our reputation and our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 While it is our policy and practice to comply with all legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our business, findings that we are in violation of, or out of compliance with, applicable laws or regulations have subjected us to, and could subject us to, civil remedies, including fines, damages, injunctions or product recalls, or criminal sanctions, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Even if a claim is unsuccessful, is without merit or is not fully pursued, the cost of responding to such a claim, including management time and out-of-pocket expenses, and the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our products, processes or business practices could adversely affect our reputation, brand image and our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For information regarding our legal and regulatory matters, see Item 3 Legal Proceedings and Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Legal claims and proceedings could adversely impact our business. 
 
 As a global company serving consumers in more than 200 countries and territories, we are and may continue to be subject to a wide variety of legal claims and proceedings, including disputes relating to intellectual property, contracts, product liability, marketing, advertising, foreign exchange controls, antitrust and trade regulation, as well as labor and employment, pension, data privacy and security, environmental and tax matters and consumer class actions. Regardless of their merit, these claims can require significant time and expense to investigate and defend. Since litigation is inherently uncertain, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves against such claims or proceedings, or that our assessment of the materiality of these matters, including any reserves taken in connection therewith, will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such matters. In addition, if one of our products, or an ingredient contained in our products, is perceived or found to be defective, or unsafe or have a quality issue, we have had to and may in the future need to withdraw, recall or reformulate some of our products. Whether or not a legal claim or proceeding is successful, or a withdrawal, recall or reformulation is required or advisable, such assertions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the negative publicity surrounding them could harm our reputation and brand image. The resolution of, or increase in the reserves taken in connection with, one or more of these matters in any reporting period could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition for that period. See Item 3 Legal Proceedings and Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on certain of our legal claims and proceedings. 

18 

Financial and Economic Risks 
 
 Uncertain or unfavorable global economic conditions may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Uncertain or unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business. Unfavorable global economic conditions, such as a recession, an economic slowdown, inflation, higher interest rates and/or reduced category growth rates, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and/or the war in Ukraine, have negatively impacted and could negatively impact our business and result in declining revenues, profitability and/or cash flows. Although we continue to devote significant resources to support our brands and market our products at multiple price points, during periods of economic uncertainty or unfavorable economic conditions, consumers may reduce consumption or discretionary spending and/or change their purchasing patterns by foregoing purchasing certain of our products or by switching to private label, or lower-priced product offerings. These changes could reduce demand for our products or result in a shift in our product mix, as consumers may choose products that sell at lower prices. Additionally, our retailers may be impacted and they may increase pressure on our selling prices or increase promotional activity for lower-priced or value offerings as they seek to maintain sales volumes and margins. Furthermore, economic conditions can cause our suppliers, distributors, contract manufacturers, logistics providers or other third-party partners to suffer financial or operational difficulties, which may impact their inability to provide us with or distribute finished product, raw and packaging materials and/or services in a timely manner or at all. In addition, we could face difficulty collecting or recovering accounts receivables from third parties facing financial or operational difficulties. 
 
 Disruptions in the credit markets or changes to our credit ratings may adversely affect our business. 
 
 While we currently generate significant cash flows from ongoing operations and have access to global credit markets through our various financing activities, a disruption or volatility in the credit markets, interest rate increases or changes to our credit rating or changes that may result from the continued implementation of new benchmark rates that are replacing the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR could negatively impact the availability or cost of funding. Reduced access to credit or increased costs could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources or significantly increase our cost of capital. In addition, if any financial institutions that hold our cash or other investments or that are parties to our undrawn revolving credit facility supporting our commercial paper programs or other financing arrangements, such as interest rate, foreign exchange or commodity hedging instruments, were to declare bankruptcy or become insolvent, they may be unable to perform under their agreements with us. This could leave us with reduced borrowing capacity or unhedged against certain interest rate, foreign currency or commodity price exposures. In addition, tighter or more volatile credit markets may lead to business disruptions for certain of our suppliers, contract manufacturers or trade customers which could, in turn, adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Tax matters, including changes in tax rates, disagreements with taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes could negatively impact our business. 
 
 We are subject to taxes in the U.S. and in the foreign jurisdictions where we do business. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions have been and may be subject to significant change. Changes in the mix of our earnings between countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities related to changes in tax rates, changes in tax laws, including how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, or contemplated changes in long-standing tax principles, if finalized and adopted, could adversely impact our future effective tax rate and business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For example, long-standing international tax norms that determine each country s jurisdiction to tax cross-border international trade are evolving as a result of a multilateral project, the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project (the BEPS Project ), that has established new principles and reporting requirements recommended by the member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the OECD ). In connection with the BEPS Project, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in countries outside of the U.S. Many jurisdictions have already enacted legislation and adopted policies resulting from the BEPS Project. The OECD, is also addressing the challenges of the digitization of the global economy with plans to redefine jurisdictional taxation rights in market countries and establish a global minimum tax. In addition, we are evaluating the impact of recent legislation in the U.S., such as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 that, among other things, provides for a corporate alternative minimum tax, and in the European Union, such as the Minimum Tax Directive that provides for a minimum level of taxation for certain large corporations in every jurisdiction in which they operate. As these and other tax laws and related regulations change, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be materially impacted. For more information regarding recent legislation, refer to Part II, Item 7 
 19 

"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Income Taxes." 
 
 Furthermore, we are subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities with respect to taxes inside and outside of the U.S. Although we believe our tax positions are reasonable, when a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we have faced and in the future may face additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties, in excess of reserves. The payment of such additional amounts upon final adjudication of any disputes could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

20 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 21 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We own or lease approximately 320 properties, which include manufacturing, distribution, research and office facilities worldwide. Our corporate headquarters is located in a leased property at 300 Park Avenue, New York, New York. 
 
 In the U.S., we operate in approximately 80 properties, of which 16 are owned. Major U.S. manufacturing and warehousing facilities used by the Oral, Personal and Home Care product segment of our business are located in Ohio, South Carolina and Tennessee. The Pet Nutrition segment has major manufacturing and warehousing facilities in Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Ohio, Oklahoma and South Carolina. 
 
 Overseas, we operate in approximately 240 properties, of which 58 are owned, in over 80 countries. Major overseas manufacturing and warehousing facilities used by the Oral, Personal and Home Care product segment of our business are located in Australia, Brazil, China, Colombia, France, Greece, Guatemala, India, Italy, Mexico, Poland, South Africa, Thailand, Turkiye, Venezuela and Vietnam. The Pet Nutrition segment has major manufacturing and warehousing facilities in the Czech Republic, Italy and the Netherlands. 
 
 The primary research center for Oral Care and Personal Care products is located in New Jersey, the primary research center for Home Care products is located in Mexico and the primary research center for Pet Nutrition products is located in Kansas. Our global data center is also located in New Jersey. 
 
 We have shared business service centers in India, Mexico and Poland, which are located in leased properties. 
 
 All of the facilities we operate are well maintained and adequate for the purpose for which they are intended. 

22 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 For information regarding legal proceedings, refer to Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this report. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

23 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 For information regarding the market for the Company s common stock, including stock price performance graphs, refer to Market Information included in Part IV, Item 15 of this report. For information regarding the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, refer to Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters included in Part III, Item 12 of this report. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the number of common shareholders of record was 17,468. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 On March 10, 2022, the Board authorized the repurchase of shares of the Company s common stock having an aggregate purchase price of up to 5 billion under a new share repurchase program (the 2022 Program ), which replaced a previously authorized share repurchase program. The Board also has authorized share repurchases on an ongoing basis to fulfill certain requirements of the Company s compensation and benefit programs. The shares are repurchased from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions at the Company s discretion, subject to market conditions, customary blackout periods and other factors. 
 
 The following table shows the share repurchase activity for the three months in the quarter ended December 31, 2022: Month Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (3) 
 (in millions) 
 October 1 through 31, 2022 2,911,468 71.56 2,909,283 4,172 November 1 through 30, 2022 1,430,528 74.88 1,426,840 4,065 December 1 through 31, 2022 985,497 77.86 977,500 3,989 Total 5,327,493 73.62 5,313,623 
 _______ 
 (1) Includes share repurchases under the 2022 Program and those associated with certain employee elections under the Company s compensation and benefit programs. 
 (2) The difference between the total number of shares purchased and the total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs is 13,870 shares, which represents shares deemed surrendered to the Company to satisfy certain employee elections under the Company s compensation and benefit programs. 
 (3) Includes approximate dollar value of shares that were available to be purchased under the publicly announced plans or programs that were in effect as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

24 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Executive Overview 
 
 Business Organization 
 
 Colgate-Palmolive Company (together with its subsidiaries, we, us, our, the Company or Colgate is a caring, innovative growth company reimagining a healthier future for all people, their pets and our planet. We seek to deliver sustainable, profitable growth and superior shareholder returns, as well as to provide Colgate people with an innovative and inclusive work environment. We do this by developing and selling products globally that make people s and their pets lives healthier and more enjoyable and by embracing our sustainability and social impact and diversity, equity and inclusion DE I strategies across our organization. 
 
 We are tightly focused on two product segments: Oral, Personal and Home Care; and Pet Nutrition. Within these segments, we follow a closely defined business strategy to grow our key product categories and increase our overall market share. Within the categories in which we compete, we prioritize our efforts based on their capacity to maximize the use of the organization s core competencies and strong global equities and to deliver sustainable, profitable long-term growth. 
 
 Operationally, we are organized along geographic lines with management teams having responsibility for the business and financial results in each region. We compete in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide with established businesses in all regions contributing to our sales and profitability. Approximately two-thirds of our Net sales are generated from markets outside the U.S., with approximately 45 of our Net sales coming from emerging markets (which consist of Latin America, Asia (excluding Japan), Africa/Eurasia and Central Europe). This geographic diversity and balance help to reduce our exposure to business and other risks in any one country or part of the world. 
 
 The Oral, Personal and Home Care product segment is managed geographically in five reportable operating segments: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Africa/Eurasia, all of which sell primarily to a variety of traditional and eCommerce retailers, wholesalers, distributors, dentists and skin health professionals. Through Hill s Pet Nutrition, we also compete on a worldwide basis in the pet nutrition market, selling products principally through authorized pet supply retailers, veterinarians and eCommerce retailers. We also sell certain of our products direct-to-consumer. We are engaged in manufacturing and sourcing of products and materials on a global scale and have major manufacturing facilities, warehousing facilities and distribution centers in every region around the world. 
 
 On an ongoing basis, management focuses on a variety of key indicators to monitor business health and performance. These indicators include net sales (including volume, pricing and foreign exchange components), organic sales growth (net sales growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestments), a non-GAAP financial measure, and gross profit margin, operating profit, net income and earnings per share, in each case, on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, as well as measures used to optimize the management of working capital, capital expenditures, cash flow and return on capital. In addition, we review market share and other data to assess how our brands are performing within their categories on a global and regional basis. The monitoring of these indicators and our Code of Conduct and corporate governance practices help to maintain business health and strong internal controls. For additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures and the Company s use of market share data and the limitations of such data, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Market Share Information below. 

25 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 COVID-19 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and government steps to reduce the spread and address the impact of COVID-19 have had and continue to have an impact on the way people live, work, interact and shop. During the COVID-19 pandemic, many of the communities in which we manufacture, market and sell our products experienced and may in the future experience stay at home orders, travel or movement restrictions and other government actions to address the pandemic. While the impact of COVID-19 on our business has largely abated at this time, uncertainties continue, particularly in China where we have substantial manufacturing facilities and business, and in the travel retail channel, where we have experienced and may continue to experience disruptions particularly in our Filorga business. We have also experienced certain disruptions to our global supply chain due to COVID-19, which have impacted and may continue to impact sales of and consumer access to our products. In addition, we have witnessed changes in the purchasing patterns of our customers, including a shift in many markets to purchasing our products online. COVID-19 may continue to impact consumers behavior, shopping patterns and consumption preferences. 
 
 While we currently expect to be able to continue operating our business as described above, uncertainty resulting from COVID-19 could result in unforeseen additional disruptions to our business, including our global supply chain and retailer network, and/or require us to incur additional operational costs. 
 
 For more information about the anticipated COVID-19 impact, see Outlook below. 
 
 The War in Ukraine 
 
 The war in Ukraine, and the related geopolitical tensions, have had and continue to have a significant impact on our operations in Ukraine and Russia, though it has not been material to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The safety of our employees and partners in Ukraine has been and remains our first priority. While our ability to do business in Ukraine has been significantly impacted, we remain committed to rebuilding our business there and to providing access to essential products to people in the region. We have suspended the importation and sales of all products in Russia other than essential health and hygiene products for everyday use and ceased all capital investments and media activities in Russia. While these actions have impacted our Eurasia business, they have not had a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. In 2022, our Eurasia business constituted approximately 2 of our consolidated net sales and approximately 3 of our consolidated operating profit (the majority of which was Russia). We also continue to monitor the impact of sanctions and export controls imposed in response to the war in Ukraine. The situation is rapidly evolving and significant uncertainties remain regarding the full impact of the war and the related impact on the global economy and geopolitical relations generally, and on our business in particular. We have seen and expect to continue to see the war s impact on the global economy and our business including, among other things, the cost of raw and packaging materials and commodities (including the price of oil and natural gas), supply chain and logistics challenges and foreign currency volatility. For more information about factors that could impact our business, including due to the war in Ukraine, refer to Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

26 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Business Strategy 
 
 To achieve our business and financial objectives, we are focused on driving organic sales growth and long-term profitable growth through science-led, core and premium innovation; pursuing higher-growth adjacent categories and segments; expanding in faster-growing channels and markets and delivering margin expansion through operating leverage and efficiency. We continue to prioritize our investments in high growth segments within our Oral Care, Personal Care and Pet Nutrition businesses. We are also seeking to maximize the impact of our environmental, social and governance programs and leading in the development of human capital, including our sustainability and social impact and DE I strategies, which we are working to integrate across our organization. We are strengthening and leveraging our capabilities in areas such as innovation, digital, eCommerce and data and analytics, enabling us to be more responsive in today s rapidly changing world. In particular, we believe our digital transformation is of paramount importance to our success going forward. We continue to invest behind our brands, including through advertising, and to develop initiatives to build strong relationships with consumers, dental, veterinary and skin health professionals and traditional and eCommerce retailers. We also continue to broaden our eCommerce offerings, including direct-to-consumer and subscription services. We continue to believe that growth opportunities are greater in those areas of the world in which economic development and rising consumer incomes expand the size and number of markets for our products. 
 
 We are also changing the way we work to drive growth and how we approach innovation with focus, empowerment, experimentation and digitization to respond to the dynamic retail landscape and the evolving preferences of our customers and consumers. The retail landscape, the ease of new entrants into the market in many of our categories and the evolving preferences of our customers and consumers demand that we work differently and faster in an agile, authentic and culturally relevant manner to drive innovation. 
 
 The investments needed to drive growth are supported through continuous, Company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. Through these initiatives, which are referred to as our funding-the-growth initiatives, we seek to become even more effective and efficient throughout our businesses. These initiatives are designed to reduce costs associated with direct materials, indirect expenses, distribution and logistics and advertising and promotional materials, among other things, and encompass a wide range of projects, examples of which include raw material substitution, reduction of packaging materials, consolidating suppliers to leverage volumes and increasing manufacturing efficiency through SKU reductions and formulation simplification. 
 
 Significant Items Impacting Comparability 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a non-cash charge of 721 pretax 620 aftertax) to adjust the carrying values of goodwill and intangible assets related to the Filorga skin health business. The impairment was due primarily to the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Filorga business, particularly in China, as a result of government restrictions and reduced consumer mobility, which negatively impacted consumption in the duty-free, travel retail and pharmacy channels, and the impact of significantly higher interest rates. See Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 On September 30, 2022, the Company acquired a business for a purchase price, as adjusted, of 719, which operates three dry pet food manufacturing plants in the United States, from Red Collar Pet Foods Holdings, Inc. and Red Collar Pet Foods Holdings, L.P. (collectively, Red Collar Pet Foods to further support the global growth of the Hill s Pet Nutrition business. See Note 3, Acquisitions to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 In July 2022, one of the Company s subsidiaries in Asia Pacific completed the sale of land and recognized a pretax gain of 47 15 aftertax attributable to the Company). 
 
 On January 27, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board approved a targeted productivity program (the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative ). The program is intended to reallocate resources towards our strategic priorities and faster growth businesses, drive efficiencies in our operations and streamline our supply chain to reduce structural costs. Implementation of the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative, which is expected to be substantially completed by mid-year 2024, is estimated to result in cumulative pretax charges, once all phases are approved and implemented, in the range of 200 to 240 170 to 200 aftertax). Annualized pretax savings are projected to be in the range of 90 to 110 70 to 85 aftertax), once all projects are approved and implemented. For more information regarding the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative, see Restructuring and Related Implementation Charges below. 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred pretax costs of 110 (aftertax costs of 87) resulting from the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative. 
 27 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 In the fourth quarter of 2021, we recorded a non-cash charge of 571 pretax 518 aftertax) to adjust the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets related to the Filorga skin health business. The impairment was due primarily to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Filorga business as a result of government restrictions and reduced consumer mobility, which negatively impacted consumption in the duty-free, travel retail and pharmacy channels. See Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 In 1990, our Canadian subsidiary CP Canada ), issued C 145 of Canadian dollar-denominated unsecured unsubordinated 12.85 guaranteed notes due October 4, 2030 (the Canada notes ). In the third quarter of 2021, CP Canada redeemed the Canada notes and recorded a loss on the early extinguishment of debt of 75 pretax 55 aftertax), which is included in Interest (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income, representing the difference between the redemption price and the carrying amount of the debt extinguished. 
 
 In 2019, we received a favorable judgment regarding certain value-added tax previously paid in Brazil. As a result of this favorable judgment, the Company filed an application with the Brazilian government to recover value-added tax previously paid and recorded a benefit. In May 2021, the Brazilian Supreme Court issued a clarifying ruling allowing a higher deduction of state value-added tax when determining the taxable base. In light of this ruling, we recorded an additional benefit of 26 pretax 20 aftertax) in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

28 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Outlook 
 
 Looking forward, we expect global macroeconomic, political and market conditions to remain challenging, including as a result of inflation and rising interest rates. During the year ended December 31, 2022, all of our divisions experienced significantly higher raw and packaging material costs. We also incurred increased logistics costs due to volume and capacity constraints in the shipping and logistics industry, higher eCommerce demand and the war in Ukraine. We expect this difficult cost environment to continue in 2023. We are taking additional pricing to try to offset these increases in raw and packaging materials and logistics costs. This may, in turn, negatively impact consumer demand for our products. Additionally, inflation is impacting the broader economy with consumers around the world facing widespread rising prices as well as rising interest rates resulting from measures to address inflation. Such inflation and rising interest rates may negatively impact consumer consumption or discretionary spending and/or change their purchasing patterns by foregoing purchasing certain of our products or by switching to private label or lower-priced product offerings. Although we continue to devote significant resources to support our brands and market our products at multiple price points, these changes could reduce demand for and sales volumes of our products or result in a shift in our product mix from higher margin to lower margin product offerings. In light of this challenging environment, we expect increased volatility across all of our categories and it is therefore difficult to predict category growth rates in the near term. 
 
 Given that approximately two-thirds of our Net sales originate in markets outside the U.S., we have experienced and will likely continue to experience volatile foreign currency fluctuations. As discussed above, we have also experienced higher raw and packaging material and logistics costs. While we have taken, and will continue to take, measures to mitigate the effect of these conditions, such as the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative and our funding-the-growth and revenue growth management initiatives, including additional pricing, in the current environment, it may become increasingly difficult to implement certain of these mitigation strategies. Should these conditions persist, they could adversely affect our future results. 
 
 While the global marketplace in which we operate has always been highly competitive, we continue to experience heightened competitive activity in certain markets from strong local competitors, from other large multinational companies, some of which have greater resources than we do, and from new entrants into the market in many of our categories. Such activities have included more aggressive product claims and marketing challenges, as well as increased promotional spending and geographic expansion. 
 
 We have been negatively affected by changes in the policies and practices of our trade customers in key markets, such as inventory destocking, fulfillment requirements, limitations on access to shelf space, delisting of our products and certain sustainability, supply chain and packaging standards or initiatives. In addition, the retail landscape in many of our markets continues to evolve as a result of the continued growth of eCommerce, changing consumer preferences (as consumers increasingly shop online and via mobile and social applications) and the increased presence of alternative retail channels, such as subscription services and direct-to-consumer businesses. We plan to continue to invest behind our digital and analytics capabilities and higher growth businesses. The substantial growth in eCommerce and the emergence of alternative retail channels have created and may continue to create pricing pressures and/or adversely affect our relationships with our key retailers. 
 
 We continue to closely monitor the impact of the war in Ukraine, COVID-19 and the challenging market conditions discussed above on our business and the related uncertainties and risks. While we have taken, and will continue to take, measures to mitigate the effects of these conditions, we cannot estimate with certainty the full extent of their impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. For more information about factors that could impact our business, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We believe that we are well prepared to meet the challenges ahead due to our strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments, resilient global supply chain, dedicated and diverse global team and focused business strategy. Our strategy is based on driving organic sales growth and long-term profitable growth through science-led, core and premium innovation; pursuing higher-growth adjacent categories and segments, expanding in faster growing channels and markets and delivering margin expansion through operating leverage and efficiency. We are also seeking to maximize the impact of our environmental, social and governance programs and leading in the development of human capital, including our sustainability and social impact and DE I strategies. Our commitment to these priorities, the strength of our brands, the breadth of our global footprint and a commitment to profitability and driving efficiency in cash generation should position us well to manage through the challenges we face and increase shareholder value over time. 
 
 29 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Results of Operations 
 
 This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Worldwide Net sales were 17,967 in 2022, up 3.0 from 2021, due to net selling price increases of 9.5 , partially offset by volume declines of 2.0 and negative foreign exchange of 4.5 . Acquisitions contributed 0.5 to volume. Organic sales (Net sales excluding, as applicable, the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestments), a non-GAAP financial measure as discussed below, increased 7.0 in 2022. 
 
 Net sales in the Oral, Personal and Home Care product segment were 14,254 in 2022, up 1.0 from 2021, due to net selling price increases of 9.0 , partially offset by volume declines of 3.5 , and negative foreign exchange of 4.5 . Organic sales in the Oral, Personal and Home Care product segment increased 5.5 in 2022. 
 
 The increase in organic sales in 2022 versus 2021 was due to increases in Oral Care, Personal Care and Home Care organic sales. The increase in Oral Care was primarily due to organic sales growth in the toothpaste and manual toothbrush categories. The increase in Personal Care was primarily due to organic sales growth in the bar soap and underarm protection categories, partially offset by organic sales declines in the skin care category. The increase in Home Care was primarily due to organic sales growth in the fabric softener and surface cleaner categories. 
 
 The Company s share of the global toothpaste market was 39.8 for full year 2022, up 0.5 share points from full year 2021, and its share of the global manual toothbrush market was 31.7 for full year 2022, up 0.7 share points from full year 2021. Full year 2022 market shares in toothpaste were up in Europe and were flat in North America, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Africa/Eurasia versus full year 2021. In the manual toothbrush category, full year 2022 market shares were up in North America, down in Latin America and were flat in Europe, Asia Pacific and Africa/Eurasia versus full year 2021. For additional information regarding the Company s use of market share data and limitations of such data, see Market Share Information below. 
 
 Net sales for Hill s Pet Nutrition were 3,713 in 2022, an increase of 12.0 from 2021, driven by volume growth of 4.0 and net selling price increases of 11.5 , partially offset by negative foreign exchange of 3.5 . Acquisitions contributed 2.5 to volume. Organic sales for Hill s Pet Nutrition increased 13.0 in 2022. 
 
 The increase in organic sales in 2022 versus 2021 was due to increases in organic sales in the Science Diet and Prescription Diet categories. 
 
 30 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Gross Profit/Margin 
 
 Worldwide Gross profit decreased 1 to 10,248 in 2022 from 10,375 in 2021, reflecting a decrease of 452 resulting from lower Gross profit margin and an increase of 325 resulting from higher Net sales. 
 
 Worldwide Gross profit margin decreased to 57.0 in 2022 from 59.6 in 2021. This decrease in Gross profit margin was primarily due to higher raw and packaging material costs (810 bps), partially offset by higher pricing (360 bps) and cost savings from the Company s funding-the-growth initiatives (220 bps). 
 2022 2021 Gross profit 10,248 10,375 
 2022 2021 Basis Point Change Gross profit margin 57.0 59.6 (260) 
 
 31 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 2 to 6,565 in 2022 from 6,407 in 2021. Selling, general and administrative expenses in 2022 included charges resulting from the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative. Excluding charges resulting from the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative, Selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 6,560 in 2022 from 6,407 in 2021, reflecting higher overhead expenses of 177 and decreased advertising investment of 24. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of Net sales decreased to 36.5 in 2022 from 36.8 in 2021. This decrease was due to decreased advertising investment (50 bps), partially offset by higher overhead expenses (20 bps), both as a percentage of Net sales. Higher overhead expenses were driven by higher logistics costs (70 bps), partially offset by overhead efficiencies (50 bps). In 2022, advertising investment decreased as a percentage of Net sales to 11.1 from 11.6 in 2021 and decreased by 1.2 in absolute terms to 1,997 as compared with 2,021 in 2021. 
 
 2022 2021 Selling, general and administrative expenses, GAAP 6,565 6,407 2022 Global Productivity Initiative (5) Selling, general and administrative expenses, non-GAAP 6,560 6,407 
 
 2022 2021 Basis Point Change Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of Net sales 36.5 36.8 (30) 

32 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Other (Income) Expense, Net 
 
 Other (income) expense, net was 69 and 65 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other (income) expense, net in 2022 included charges resulting from the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative, a gain on the sale of land in Asia Pacific and acquisition-related costs. Other (income) expense, net in 2021 included a benefit related to a value-added tax matter in Brazil. 2022 2021 Other (income) expense, net, GAAP 69 65 2022 Global Productivity Initiative (90) Gain on the sale of land in Asia Pacific 47 Acquisition-related costs (19) Value-added tax matter in Brazil 26 Other (income) expense, net, non-GAAP 7 91 
 
 Excluding the items described above in both periods, as applicable, Other (income) expense, net was 7 in 2022 and 91 in 2021, comprised of the following: 
 2022 2021 Amortization of intangible assets 80 89 Equity income (12) (12) Gains from marketable securities and other assets (22) (8) Indirect tax refunds (14) (5) Other, net (25) 27 Total Other (income) expense, net 7 91 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets Impairment Charges 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company made revisions to the internal forecasts relating to its Filorga reporting unit due primarily to the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in China, as a result of government restrictions and reduced consumer mobility, which negatively impacted consumption in the duty-free, travel retail and pharmacy channels. The Company concluded that the changes in circumstances in this reporting unit and the impact of significantly higher interest rates triggered the need for an interim impairment review of its indefinite-lived trademark, goodwill and long-lived assets which consists primarily of customer relationships. As a result of the interim impairment test, the Company concluded that the carrying value of the trademark and customer relationships exceeded their estimated fair value and recorded impairment charges of 300 and 89, respectively, reducing their carrying values to 257 and 118, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. After adjusting the carrying values of the trademark and customer relationship intangible assets, the Company completed a quantitative impairment test for goodwill and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 332 in the Filorga reporting unit, reducing the carrying value of goodwill to 214 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company made revisions to the internal forecasts relating to its Filorga reporting unit due primarily to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Filorga skin health business as a result of government restrictions and reduced consumer mobility, which negatively impacted consumption in the duty-free, travel retail and pharmacy channels. The Company performed an impairment review and concluded that the carrying value of the trademark exceeded its estimated fair value, and recorded an impairment charge of 204, reducing the carrying value to approximately 588. After adjusting the carrying value of the trademark, the Company completed a quantitative impairment test for goodwill and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 367 in the Filorga reporting unit, reducing the carrying value of goodwill to approximately 577. 
 
 The Company continues to believe in the strength of the Filorga brand and is confident about its growth opportunities. See Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 33 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Operating Profit 
 
 Operating profit decreased 13 to 2,893 in 2022 from 3,332 in 2021. In 2022, Operating profit included goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges related to the Filorga reporting unit, charges resulting from the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative, a gain on the sale of land in Asia Pacific and acquisition-related costs. In 2021, Operating profit included goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges related to the Filorga reporting unit and a benefit related to a value-added tax matter in Brazil. Excluding these items in both periods, as applicable, Operating profit decreased 5 to 3,681 in 2022 from 3,877 in 2021. 
 
 Operating profit margin was 16.1 in 2022, a decrease of 300 bps compared with 19.1 in 2021. Excluding the items described above in both periods, as applicable, Operating profit margin was 20.5 in 2022, a decrease of 180 bps from 22.3 in 2021. This decrease in Operating profit in 2022 was due to a decrease in Gross profit (260 bps), partially offset by a decrease in Other (income) expense, net (50 bps) and a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses (30 bps), all as a percentage of Net sales. 
 2022 2021 Change Operating profit, GAAP 2,893 3,332 (13) Goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges 721 571 2022 Global Productivity Initiative 95 Gain on the sale of land in Asia Pacific (47) Acquisition-related costs 19 Value-added tax matter in Brazil (26) Operating profit, non-GAAP 3,681 3,877 (5) 
 2022 2021 Basis Point Change Operating profit margin, GAAP 16.1 19.1 (300) Goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges 4.0 3.4 2022 Global Productivity Initiative 0.5 Gain on the sale of land in Asia Pacific (0.2) Acquisition-related costs 0.1 Value-added tax matter in Brazil (0.2) Operating profit margin, non-GAAP 20.5 22.3 (180) 

Non-Service Related Postretirement Costs 
 
 Non-service related postretirement costs were 80 in 2022 compared to 70 in 2021. In 2022, Non-service related postretirement costs included charges resulting from the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative. Excluding charges resulting from the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative, Non-service related postretirement costs were 65 in 2022 compared to 70 in 2021. 
 2022 2021 Selling, general and administrative expenses, GAAP 80 70 2022 Global Productivity Initiative (15) Selling, general and administrative expenses, non-GAAP 65 70 

34 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Interest (Income) Expense, Net 
 
 Interest (income) expense, net was 153 in 2022 compared to 175 in 2021. In 2021, Interest (income) expense, net included a loss on the early extinguishment of debt. Excluding the loss on the early extinguishment of debt, Interest (income) expense, net was 153 in 2022 compared to 100 in 2021, primarily due to higher average interest rates on debt and higher debt balances. 
 
 2022 2021 Interest (income) expense, net, GAAP 153 175 Loss on early extinguishment of debt (75) Interest (income) expense, net, non-GAAP 153 100 
 
 35 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Income Taxes 
 
 The effective income tax rate was 26.1 in 2022 and 24.3 in 2021. As reflected in the table below, the non-GAAP effective income tax rate was 23.3 in 2022 and 22.0 in 2021. 2022 Income Before Income Taxes Provision For Income Taxes (1) 
 Effective Income Tax Rate (2) 
 As Reported GAAP 2,660 693 26.1 Goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges 721 101 (2.6) 2022 Global Productivity Initiative 110 22 (0.1) Gain on the sale of land in Asia Pacific (47) (11) Acquisition-related costs 19 3 (0.1) Non-GAAP 3,463 808 23.3 
 2021 Income Before Income Taxes Provision For Income Taxes (1) 
 Effective Income Tax Rate (2) 
 As Reported GAAP 3,087 749 24.3 Goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges 571 53 (2.1) Loss on early extinguishment of debt 75 20 (0.3) Value-added tax matters in Brazil (26) (6) 0.1 Non-GAAP 3,707 816 22.0 
 _______ 
 (1) The income tax effect on non-GAAP items is calculated based upon the tax laws and statutory income tax rates applicable in the tax jurisdiction(s) of the underlying non-GAAP adjustment. 
 (2) The impact of non-GAAP items on the Company s effective tax rate represents the difference in the effective tax rate calculated with and without the non-GAAP adjustment on Income before income taxes and Provision for income taxes. 

The increase in the Company s full year effective tax rate before discrete period items is primarily driven by the impact of recently finalized U.S. tax regulations, which place greater restrictions on foreign taxes that are creditable against U.S. taxes on foreign-sourced income. 
 The effective income tax rate in all years benefited from tax planning associated with the Company's global business initiatives. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was enacted, which among other things, implements a 15 minimum tax on book income of certain large corporations effective for years beginning after December 31, 2022. Based on the Company s preliminary analysis, the IRA is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company will continue to evaluate the impact of this law as additional guidance and clarification becomes available. 
 
 Additionally, on December 15, 2022, the 27 member states of the European Union EU reached an agreement on a minimum level of taxation for certain large corporations to pay a minimum corporate tax rate of 15 in every jurisdiction in which they operate. This agreement, which is known as the Minimum Taxation Directive, must be transposed into the laws of all EU member states by December 31, 2023. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this Directive on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The Company has ongoing federal, state and international income tax audits in various jurisdictions and evaluates uncertain tax positions that may be challenged by local tax authorities and not fully sustained. All U.S. federal income tax returns through December 31, 2013 have been audited by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS and there are limited matters which the Company plans to appeal for years 2010 through 2013. One such matter relates to the IRS assessment of taxes on the Company by imputing income on certain activities within one of our international operations. In light of a recent U.S. Tax Court ruling subsequent to December 31, 2022 in favor of the IRS against an unrelated party on a similar 
 36 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 matter, the Company is in the process of reassessing its position as it relates to this matter. The Company is currently under audit by the IRS, where the same matter is being discussed, for the years 2014 through 2018. The amount of tax plus interest for the years 2010 through 2018 is estimated to be approximately 145, which is not included in our uncertain tax positions. Refer to Note 11, Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s tax matters. 
 
 Net income attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company and Earnings per share 
 
 Net income attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company was 1,785, or 2.13 per share on a diluted basis, in 2022, a decrease from 2,166, or 2.55 per share on a diluted basis, in 2021. In 2022, Net income attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company included goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges, charges resulting from the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative, a gain on the sale of land in Asia Pacific and acquisition-related costs. In 2021, Net income attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company included goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges, a loss on the early extinguishment of debt and a benefit related to a value-added tax matter in Brazil. 
 
 Excluding the items described above in both periods, as applicable, Net income attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company decreased 8 to 2,493 in 2022 from 2,719 in 2021, and Earnings per common share on a diluted basis decreased 7 to 2.97 in 2022 from 3.21 in 2021. 2022 Income Before Income Taxes Provision For Income Taxes (1) 
 Net Income Including Noncontrolling Interests Less: Income Attributable To Noncontrolling Interests Net Income Attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company Diluted Earnings Per Share (2) 
 As Reported GAAP 2,660 693 1,967 182 1,785 2.13 Goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges 721 101 620 620 0.74 2022 Global Productivity Initiative 110 22 88 1 87 0.10 Gain on the sale of land in Asia Pacific (47) (11) (36) (21) (15) (0.02) Acquisition-related costs 19 3 16 16 0.02 Non-GAAP 3,463 808 2,655 162 2,493 2.97 
 2021 Income Before Income Taxes Provision For Income Taxes (1) 
 Net Income Including Noncontrolling Interests Less: Income Attributable To Noncontrolling Interests Net Income Attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company Diluted Earnings Per Share (2) 
 As Reported GAAP 3,087 749 2,338 172 2,166 2.55 Goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges 571 53 518 518 0.61 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 75 20 55 55 0.07 Value-added tax matters in Brazil (26) (6) (20) (20) (0.02) Non-GAAP 3,707 816 2,891 172 2,719 3.21 
 _______ 
 (1) The income tax effect on non-GAAP items is calculated based upon the tax laws and statutory income tax rates applicable in the tax jurisdiction(s) of the underlying non-GAAP adjustment. 
 (2) The impact of non-GAAP adjustments on diluted earnings per share may not necessarily equal the difference between GAAP and non-GAAP as a result of rounding. 
 37 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Segment Results 
 
 The Company markets its products in over 200 countries and territories throughout the world in two product segments: Oral, Personal and Home Care; and Pet Nutrition. The Company evaluates segment performance based on several factors, including Operating profit. The Company uses Operating profit as a measure of the operating segment performance because it excludes the impact of corporate-driven decisions related to interest expense and income taxes. 
 
 Oral, Personal and Home Care 
 
 North America 2022 2021 Change Net sales 3,816 3,694 3.5 Operating profit 761 754 1 of Net sales 19.9 20.4 (50) bps 
 
 Net sales in North America increased 3.5 in 2022 to 3,816, driven by net selling price increases of 5.5 , partially offset by volume declines of 2.0 , while foreign exchange was flat. Organic sales in North America increased 3.5 in 2022. The organic sales growth was led by the United States. 
 
 The increase in organic sales in North America in 2022 versus 2021 was due to increases in Oral Care, Personal Care and Home Care organic sales. The increase in Oral Care was primarily due to organic sales growth in the toothpaste and manual toothbrush categories. The increase in Personal Care was primarily due to organic sales growth in the bar soap and liquid hand soap categories, partially offset by organic sales declines in the skin care category. The increase in Home Care was primarily due to organic sales growth in the surface cleaner and hand dish categories. 
 
 Operating profit in North America increased 1 in 2022 to 761, while as a percentage of Net sales it decreased 50 bps to 19.9 . This decrease in Operating profit as a percentage of Net sales was primarily due to a decrease in Gross profit (60 bps), partially offset by a decrease in Selling, general and administrative expenses (40 bps), both as a percentage of Net sales. This decrease in Gross profit was primarily due to higher raw and packaging material costs (550 bps), partially offset by cost savings from the Company s funding-the-growth initiatives (220 bps) and higher pricing. This decrease in Selling, general and administrative expenses was due to lower overhead expenses (40 bps), as overhead efficiencies (60 bps) more than offset higher logistics costs (20 bps). 

38 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Latin America 2022 2021 Change Net sales 3,982 3,663 8.5 Operating profit 1,108 1,012 10 of Net sales 27.8 27.6 20 bps 
 
 Net sales in Latin America increased 8.5 in 2022 to 3,982, driven by net selling price increases of 15.5 , partially offset by volume declines of 5.0 and negative foreign exchange of 2.0 . Organic sales in Latin America increased 10.5 in 2022. Organic sales growth was led by Mexico, Brazil, Argentina and Colombia. 
 
 The increase in organic sales in Latin America in 2022 versus 2021 was due to increases in Oral Care, Personal Care and Home Care organic sales. The increase in Oral Care was primarily due to organic sales growth in the toothpaste and manual toothbrush categories. The increase in Personal Care was primarily due to organic sales growth in the bar soap and underarm protection categories. The increase in Home Care was primarily due to organic sales growth in the surface cleaner and fabric softener categories. 
 
 Operating profit in Latin America increased 10 in 2022 to 1,108, or 20 bps to 27.8 as a percentage of Net sales. This increase in Operating profit as a percentage of Net sales was due to a decrease in Selling, general and administrative expenses (40 bps) and a decrease in Other (income) expense, net (140 bps), partially offset by a decrease in Gross profit (160 bps), all as a percentage of Net sales. This decrease in Gross profit was primarily due to higher raw and packaging material costs (1,040 bps), which were partially offset by higher pricing and cost savings from the Company s funding-the-growth initiatives (290 bps). This decrease in Selling, general and administrative expenses was due to decreased advertising investment (20 bps) and lower overhead expenses (20 bps), as overhead efficiencies (60 bps) more than offset higher logistics costs (40 bps). This decrease in Other (income) expense, net was primarily due to gains from marketable securities and other assets, and a value-added tax refund. 

39 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Europe 2022 2021 Change Net sales 2,548 2,841 (10.5) Operating profit 514 682 (25) of Net sales 20.2 24.0 (380) bps 
 
 Net sales in Europe decreased 10.5 in 2022 to 2,548, as volume declines of 4.0 and negative foreign exchange of 10.5 were partially offset by net selling price increases of 4.0 . Organic sales in Europe in 2022 were even with 2021. 
 
 Organic sales in Europe in 2022 versus 2021 were flat as increases in Oral Care and Home Care organic sales were offset by a decrease in Personal Care organic sales. The increase in Oral Care was primarily due to organic sales growth in the toothpaste and manual toothbrush categories, partially offset by organic sales declines in the mouthwash category. The increase in Home Care was primarily due to organic sales growth in the fabric softener category, partially offset by organic sales declines in the hand dish category. The decrease in Personal Care was primarily due to organic sales declines in the skin care and liquid hand soap categories. 
 
 Operating profit in Europe decreased 25 in 2022 to 514, or 380 bps to 20.2 as a percentage of Net sales. This decrease in Operating profit as a percentage of Net sales was primarily due to a decrease in Gross profit (400 bps) as a percentage of Net sales. This decrease in Gross profit was primarily due to higher raw and packaging material costs (800 bps), partially offset by cost savings from the Company s funding-the-growth initiatives (220 bps) and higher pricing. 
 40 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Asia Pacific 2022 2021 Change Net sales 2,826 2,867 (1.5) Operating profit 737 844 (13) of Net sales 26.1 29.4 (330) bps 
 
 Net sales in Asia Pacific decreased 1.5 in 2022 to 2,826, driven by volume declines of 0.5 and negative foreign exchange of 6.5 , partially offset by net selling price increases of 5.5 . Organic sales in Asia Pacific increased 5.0 in 2022. Organic sales growth was led by the Greater China region, Australia and the Philippines. 
 
 The increase in organic sales in 2022 versus 2021 was primarily due to increases in Oral Care and Home Care organic sales. The increase in Oral Care was driven by organic sales growth in the toothpaste and manual toothbrush categories. The increase in Home Care was driven by organic sales growth in the fabric softener and hand dish categories. 
 
 Operating profit in Asia Pacific decreased 13 in 2022 to 737, or 330 bps to 26.1 as a percentage of Net sales. This decrease in Operating profit as a percentage of Net sales was due to a decrease in Gross profit (210 bps) and an increase in Selling, general and administrative expenses (120 bps), both as a percentage of Net sales. This decrease in Gross profit was primarily due to higher raw and packaging material costs (770 bps), partially offset by cost savings from the Company s funding-the-growth initiatives (310 bps) and higher pricing. This increase in Selling, general and administrative expenses was due to increased advertising investment (90 bps) and higher overhead expenses (30 bps), as higher logistics costs (90 bps) were partially offset by overhead efficiencies (60 bps). 

41 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Africa/Eurasia 2022 2021 Change Net sales 1,082 1,045 3.5 Operating profit 228 203 12 of Net sales 21.1 19.4 170 bps 
 
 Net sales in Africa/Eurasia increased 3.5 in 2022 to 1,082, as net selling price increases of 21.5 were partially offset by volume declines of 9.5 and negative foreign exchange of 8.5 . Organic sales in Africa/Eurasia increased 12.0 in 2022. Organic sales growth was led by Turkiye and South Africa. 
 
 The increase in organic sales in 2022 versus 2021 was primarily due to increases in Oral Care and Personal Care organic sales. The increase in Oral Care was primarily due to organic sales growth in the toothpaste and manual toothbrush categories. The increase in Personal Care was primarily due to organic sales growth in the bar soap category. 
 
 Operating profit in Africa/Eurasia increased 12 in 2022 to 228, or 170 bps to 21.1 as a percentage of Net sales. This increase in Operating profit as a percentage of Net sales was primarily due to an increase in Gross profit (210 bps) as a percentage of Net sales. This increase in Gross profit was primarily due to higher pricing and cost savings from the Company s funding-the-growth initiatives (230 bps), partially offset by higher raw and packaging material costs (860 bps). 
 42 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Hill s Pet Nutrition 2022 2021 Change Net sales 3,713 3,311 12.0 Operating profit 850 901 (6) of Net sales 22.9 27.2 (430) bps 
 
 Net sales for Hill s Pet Nutrition increased 12.0 in 2022 to 3,713, driven by volume growth of 4.0 and net selling price increases of 11.5 , partially offset by negative foreign exchange of 3.5 . The Company's previously disclosed acquisitions of pet food businesses contributed 2.5 to volume in Hill's. Organic sales in Hill s Pet Nutrition increased 13.0 in 2022. Organic sales growth was led by the United States and Europe. 
 
 The increase in organic sales in 2022 versus 2021 was due to organic sales growth in the Science Diet and Prescription Diet categories. 
 
 Operating profit in Hill s Pet Nutrition decreased 6 in 2022 to 850, or 430 bps to 22.9 as a percentage of Net sales. This decrease in Operating profit as a percentage of Net sales was due to a decrease in Gross profit (570 bps), partially offset by a decrease in Selling, general and administrative expenses (150 bps), both as a percentage of Net sales. This decrease in Gross profit was primarily due to higher raw and packaging material costs (840 bps) and unfavorable mix due to private label sales resulting from the previously disclosed acquisitions of pet food businesses (120 bps), partially offset by higher pricing and cost savings from the Company s funding-the-growth initiatives (80 bps). This decrease in Selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to decreased advertising investment (160 bps). 

43 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Corporate 2022 2021 Change Operating profit (loss) (1,305) (1,064) 23 
 
 Corporate operations include Corporate overhead costs, research and development costs, stock-based compensation expense related to stock options and restricted stock unit awards, restructuring and related implementation costs and gains and losses on sales of non-core product lines. The components of Operating profit (loss) for the Corporate segment are presented as follows: 2022 2021 Acquisition-related costs (19) 2022 Global Productivity Initiative (95) Gain on the sale of land in Asia Pacific 47 Value-added tax matter in Brazil 26 Goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges (721) (571) Corporate overhead costs and other, net (517) (519) Total Corporate Operating profit (loss) (1,305) (1,064) 

44 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Restructuring and Related Implementation Charges 
 
 On January 27, 2022, the Board approved the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative. The program is intended to reallocate resources towards the Company s strategic priorities and faster growth businesses, drive efficiencies in the Company s operations and streamline the Company s supply chain to reduce structural costs. 
 
 Implementation of the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative, which is expected to be substantially completed by mid-year 2024, is estimated to result in cumulative pre-tax charges, once all phases are approved and implemented, in the range of 200 to 240 170 to 200 aftertax), which is currently estimated to be comprised of the following: employee-related costs, including severance, pension and other termination benefits (80 ); asset-related costs, primarily accelerated depreciation and asset write-downs (10 ); and other charges (10 ), which include contract termination costs, consisting primarily of implementation-related charges resulting directly from exit activities and the implementation of new strategies. It is estimated that approximately 80 to 90 of the charges will result in cash expenditures. Annualized pre-tax savings are projected to be in the range of 90 to 110 70 to 85 aftertax), once all projects are approved and implemented. 
 
 It is expected that the cumulative pretax charges, once all projects are approved and implemented, will relate to initiatives undertaken in North America (5 ), Latin America (10 ), Europe (45 ), Asia Pacific (5 ), Africa/Eurasia (10 ), Hill s Pet Nutrition (10 and Corporate (15 ). 
 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, charges resulting from the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative are reflected in the income statement as follows: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 Selling, general and administrative expenses 5 Other (income) expense, net 90 Non-service related postretirement costs 15 Total 2022 Global Productivity Initiative charges, pretax 110 Total 2022 Global Productivity Initiative charges, aftertax 87 
 
 Restructuring and related implementation charges in the preceding table are recorded in the Corporate segment as these initiatives are predominantly centrally directed and controlled and are not included in internal measures of segment operating performance. Total charges incurred for the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative relate to initiatives undertaken by the following reportable operating segments: 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 
 2022 North America 11 Latin America 18 Europe 19 Asia Pacific 8 Africa/Eurasia 11 Hill's Pet Nutrition 11 Corporate 22 Total 100 

45 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 The following table summarizes the activity for the restructuring and related implementation charges discussed above and the related accruals: 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 
 Employee-Related Costs Incremental Depreciation Asset Impairments Other Total Balance at December 31, 2021 Charges 102 1 7 110 Cash Payments (53) (4) (57) Charges against assets (15) (15) Foreign exchange (4) (4) Balance at December 31, 2022 30 1 3 34 
 
 Employee-Related Costs primarily include severance and other termination benefits and are calculated based on long-standing benefit practices, written severance policies, local statutory requirements and, in certain cases, voluntary termination arrangements. Employee-Related Costs also include pension enhancements of 15 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, which are reflected as Charges against assets within Employee-Related Costs in the preceding tables as the corresponding balance sheet amounts are reflected as a reduction of pension assets or an increase in pension liabilities. 
 
 46 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K discusses certain financial measures on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis. The Company uses the non-GAAP financial measures described below internally in its budgeting process, to evaluate segment and overall operating performance and as a factor in determining compensation. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful in evaluating the Company s underlying business performance and trends; however, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures may not be the same as similar measures presented by other companies. 
 
 Net sales growth (GAAP) and organic sales growth (Net sales growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestments) (non-GAAP) are discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management believes the organic sales growth measure provides investors and analysts with useful supplemental information regarding the Company s underlying sales trends by presenting sales growth excluding, the external factor of foreign exchange, as well as the impact of acquisitions and divestments, as applicable. A reconciliation of organic sales growth to Net sales growth for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is provided below. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses, Other (income) expense, net, Operating profit, Operating profit margin, Non-service related postretirement costs, Interest (income) expense, net, effective income tax rate, Net income attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company and Earnings per share on a diluted basis are discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K both on a GAAP basis and excluding, as applicable, charges resulting from the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative, goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges, a gain on the sale of land in Asia Pacific, acquisition-related costs, a loss on the early extinguishment of debt and a benefit related to a value-added tax matter in Brazil. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude items that, either by their nature or amount, management would not expect to occur as part of the Company s normal business on a regular basis, such as restructuring charges, charges for certain litigation and tax matters, acquisition-related costs, gains and losses from certain divestitures and certain other unusual, non-recurring items. Investors and analysts use these financial measures in assessing the Company s business performance, and management believes that presenting these financial measures on a non-GAAP basis provides them with useful supplemental information to enhance their understanding of the Company s underlying business performance and trends. These non-GAAP financial measures also enhance the ability to compare period-to-period financial results. A reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented within the applicable section of Results of Operations. 
 
 47 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 The following tables provide a quantitative reconciliation of Net sales growth to organic sales growth for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 versus the prior year: Year ended December 31, 2022 Net Sales Growth (GAAP) Foreign Exchange Impact Acquisitions and Divestments 
 Impact 
 Organic Sales Growth (Non-GAAP) Oral, Personal and Home Care North America 3.5 3.5 Latin America 8.5 (2.0) 10.5 Europe (10.5) (10.5) Asia Pacific (1.5) (6.5) 5.0 Africa/Eurasia 3.5 (8.5) 12.0 Total Oral, Personal and Home Care 1.0 (4.5) 5.5 Pet Nutrition 12.0 (3.5) 2.5 13.0 Total Company 3.0 (4.5) 0.5 7.0 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 Net Sales Growth (GAAP) Foreign Exchange Impact Acquisitions and Divestments Impact Organic Sales Growth (Non-GAAP) Oral, Personal and Home Care North America (1.0) 1.0 (2.0) Latin America 7.0 (1.0) 8.0 Europe 3.5 4.0 (0.5) Asia Pacific 6.0 3.0 3.0 Africa/Eurasia 6.5 (0.5) 7.0 Total Oral, Personal and Home Care 4.0 1.5 2.5 Pet Nutrition 15.0 1.5 13.5 Total Company 6.0 1.5 4.5 
 
 Market Share Information 
 
 Management uses market share information as a key indicator to monitor business health and performance. References to market share in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on a combination of consumption and market share data provided by third-party vendors, primarily Nielsen, and internal estimates. All market share references represent the percentage of the dollar value of sales of our products, relative to all product sales in the category in the countries in which the Company competes and purchases data (excluding Venezuela from all periods). 
 Market share data is subject to limitations on the availability of up-to-date information. In particular, market share data is currently not generally available for certain retail channels, such as eCommerce or certain discounters. The Company measures year-to-date market shares from January 1 of the relevant year through the most recent period for which market share data is available, which typically reflects a lag time of one or two months. The Company believes that the third-party vendors we use to provide data are reliable, but we have not verified the accuracy or completeness of the data or any assumptions underlying the data. In addition, market share information calculated by the Company may be different from market share information calculated by other companies due to differences in category definitions, the use of data from different countries, internal estimates and other factors. 
 
 48 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The Company expects cash flow from operations and debt issuances will be sufficient to meet foreseeable business operating and recurring cash needs (including for debt service, dividends, capital expenditures, share repurchases and acquisitions). The Company believes its strong cash generation and financial position should continue to allow it broad access to global credit and capital markets. 
 
 Cash Flow 
 
 Net cash provided by operations decreased to 2,556 in 2022 as compared to 3,325 in 2021, primarily due to changes in working capital and lower net income. The Company s working capital as a percentage of Net sales was 1.0 in 2022 and (2.7) in 2021. This change in working capital as a percentage of Net sales is primarily due to higher inventory (driven by higher raw and packaging material costs and increased levels to mitigate the risk of supply chain and logistics disruptions), higher accounts receivable, and lower accounts payable and accruals. The Company defines working capital as the difference between current assets (excluding Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, the latter of which is reported in Other current assets) and current liabilities (excluding short-term debt). 
 
 Investing activities used 1,601 of cash in 2022 compared to 592 during 2021. Investing activities in 2022 included the Company s acquisition of businesses from Red Collar Pet Foods and Nutriamo discussed in Note 3, Acquisitions to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Capital expenditures in the year ended December 31, 2022 were 696, an increase from 567 in 2021. Capital expenditures increased in 2022 primarily due to capacity expansion of manufacturing facilities and sustainability projects. Capital expenditures for 2023 are expected to be approximately 4.0 of Net sales. The Company continues to focus its capital spending on projects that are expected to yield high aftertax returns. 
 
 Financing activities used 952 of cash during 2022 compared to 2,774 during 2021. The decrease in cash used was primarily due to an increase in the proceeds from debt issuances in 2022 to fund acquisitions as compared to 2021. 
 
 Long-term debt, including the current portion, increased to 8,755 as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 7,206 as of December 31, 2021, and total debt increased to 8,766 as of December 31, 2022 as compared to 7,245 as of December 31, 2021. The Company s debt issuances and redemptions support the Company s capital structure objectives of funding its business and growth initiatives while minimizing its risk-adjusted cost of capital. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company issued 500 of three-year Senior Notes at a fixed coupon rate of 3.100 , 500 of five-year Senior Notes at a fixed coupon rate of 3.100 and 500 of ten-year Senior Notes at a fixed coupon rate of 3.250 . The debt issuances were under the Company s shelf registration statement. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company issued 500 of eight-year notes at a fixed coupon rate of 0.300 (the Sustainability Bond ). The debt issuance was under the Company s shelf registration statement. An amount equal to the net proceeds of the Sustainability Bond was allocated to finance or refinance, in part or in full, new and existing projects and programs with distinct environmental or social benefits pursuant to the Company s Sustainable Financing Framework during the period from January 1, 2020 through July 31, 2022. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company redeemed prior to maturity all of its outstanding 0.000 notes due 2021 with a principal amount of 500, originally issued on November 12, 2019. The redemption was financed with commercial paper borrowings. The redemption price was equal to the carrying amount of the debt extinguished. 
 
 In 1990, the Company s Canadian subsidiary CP Canada ), issued C 145 of Canadian dollar-denominated unsecured unsubordinated 12.85 guaranteed notes due October 4, 2030 (the Canada notes ). During the third quarter of 2021, CP Canada redeemed the Canada notes and recorded a loss on the early extinguishment of debt of 75, which is included in Interest (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income, representing the difference between the redemption price and the carrying amount of the debt extinguished. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had access to unused domestic and foreign lines of credit of 3,401 (including under the facility discussed below) and could also issue long-term debt pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement. 
 49 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 In November 2022, the Company entered into an amended and restated 3,000 five-year revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks for a five-year term expiring November 2027, which replaced, on substantially similar terms, the Company's 3,000 revolving credit facility that was scheduled to expire in August 2026. Commitment fees related to the credit facility were not material. 
 
 Domestic and foreign commercial paper outstanding was 1,778 and 1,204 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The average daily balances outstanding of commercial paper in 2022 and 2021 were 1,858 and 2,052, respectively. The Company classifies commercial paper and certain current maturities of notes payable as long-term debt when it has the intent and ability to refinance such obligations on a long-term basis, including, if necessary, by utilizing its available lines of credit (under the facilities discussed above). 
 
 The following is a summary of the Company s commercial paper as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 2022 2021 Weighted Average Interest Rate Maturities Outstanding Weighted Average Interest Rate Maturities Outstanding Commercial Paper 2.1 2023 1,778 (0.4) 2022 1,204 
 
 Certain of the agreements with respect to the Company s bank borrowings contain financial and other covenants as well as cross-default provisions. Noncompliance with these requirements could ultimately result in the acceleration of amounts owed. The Company is in full compliance with all such requirements and believes the likelihood of noncompliance is remote. Refer to Note 6, Long-Term Debt and Credit Facilities to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the Company s long-term debt and credit facilities. 
 
 Dividend payments in 2022 were 1,691, an increase from 1,679 in 2021. Dividend payments increased to 1.86 per share in 2022 from 1.79 per share in 2021. In the first quarter of 2022, the Company increased the quarterly common stock dividend to 0.47 per share from 0.45 per share, effective in the second quarter of 2022. 
 
 The Company repurchases shares of its common stock in the open market and in private transactions to maintain its targeted capital structure and to fulfill certain requirements of its compensation and benefit plans. On March 10, 2022, the Board authorized the repurchase of shares of the Company s common stock having an aggregate purchase price of up to 5 billion under a new share repurchase program (the 2022 Program ), which replaced a previously authorized share repurchase program (the 2018 Program ). The Board also has authorized share repurchases on an ongoing basis to fulfill certain requirements of the Company s compensation and benefit programs. The shares are repurchased from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions at the Company s discretion, subject to market conditions, customary blackout periods and other factors. 
 
 Aggregate share repurchases in 2022 consisted of approximately 13.4 million common shares under the 2022 Program, 3.4 million common shares under the 2018 Program and 0.3 million common shares to fulfill the requirements of compensation and benefit plans, for a total purchase price of 1,308. Aggregate repurchases in 2021 consisted of approximately 16.4 million common shares under the 2018 Program and 0.3 million common shares to fulfill the requirements of compensation and benefit plans, for a total purchase price of 1,320. Share repurchases net of proceeds from exercise of stock options were 890 and 896 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased 57 during 2022 to 775 at December 31, 2022, compared to 832 at December 31, 2021. Cash and cash equivalents held by the Company s foreign subsidiaries was 735 and 784, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

50 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 The following represents the scheduled maturities of the Company s contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 
 Total 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Long-term debt including current portion (1) 
 6,977 921 510 636 538 499 3,873 Net cash interest payments on long-term debt (2) 
 2,210 204 149 134 117 112 1,494 Operating Leases 586 124 88 69 54 50 201 Purchase obligations (3) 
 723 476 139 50 37 18 3 U.S. tax reform payments 185 46 62 77 Total 10,681 1,771 948 966 746 679 5,571 
 _______ 
 (1) The Company classifies commercial paper and notes maturing within the next twelve months as long-term debt when it has the intent and ability to refinance such obligations on a long-term basis. The amounts in this table exclude commercial paper. 
 (2) Includes the net interest payments on fixed and variable rate debt. Interest payments associated with floating rate instruments are based on management s best estimate of projected interest rates for the remaining term of variable rate debt. 
 (3) The Company had outstanding contractual obligations with suppliers at the end of 2022 for the purchase of raw, packaging and other materials and services in the normal course of business. These purchase obligation amounts represent only those items which are based on agreements that are legally binding and that specify all significant terms including minimum quantity, price and term and do not represent total anticipated purchases. 
 
 Long-term liabilities associated with the Company s postretirement plans are excluded from the table above due to the uncertainty of the timing of these cash disbursements. The amount and timing of cash funding related to these benefit plans will generally depend on local regulatory requirements, various economic assumptions (the most significant of which are detailed in Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates below) and voluntary Company contributions. Based on current information, the Company is not required to make a mandatory contribution to its qualified U.S. pension plan in 2023. The Company does not expect to make any voluntary contributions to its U.S. postretirement plans in 2023. In addition, total benefit payments expected to be paid from the Company s assets to participants in unfunded plans are estimated to be approximately 86 for the year ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 Additionally, liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits are excluded from the table above as the Company is unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount or timing of a settlement of such liabilities. See Note 11, Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 As more fully described in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company has commitments and contingencies with respect to lawsuits, environmental matters, taxes and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 51 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company does not have off-balance sheet financing or unconsolidated special purpose entities. 
 
 Managing Foreign Currency, Interest Rate, Commodity Price and Credit Risk Exposure 
 
 The Company is exposed to market risk from foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity price fluctuations. Volatility relating to these exposures is managed on a global basis by utilizing a number of techniques, including working capital management, selling price increases, selective borrowings in local currencies and entering into selective derivative instrument transactions, issued with standard features, in accordance with the Company s treasury and risk management policies. The Company s treasury and risk management policies prohibit the use of derivatives for speculative purposes and leveraged derivatives for any purpose. 
 
 The sensitivity of our financial instruments to market fluctuations is discussed below. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 7, Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of derivatives and hedging policies and fair value measurements. 
 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 
 As the Company markets its products in over 200 countries and territories, it is exposed to currency fluctuations related to manufacturing and selling its products in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Company manages its foreign currency exposures through a combination of cost-containment measures, sourcing strategies, selling price increases and the hedging of certain costs in an effort to minimize the impact on earnings of foreign currency rate movements. See Results of Operations above for a discussion of the foreign exchange impact on Net sales in each operating segment. 
 
 The assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates with resulting translation gains and losses accumulated in a separate component of shareholders equity. Income and expense items are translated into U.S. dollars at average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. 
 
 The Company primarily utilizes foreign currency contracts, including forward and swap contracts, option contracts, foreign and local currency deposits and local currency borrowings to hedge portions of its exposures relating to foreign currency purchases, assets and liabilities created in the normal course of business and the net investment in certain foreign subsidiaries. The duration of foreign currency contracts generally does not exceed 12 months and the contracts are valued using observable market rates. 
 
 The Company s foreign currency forward contracts that qualify for cash flow hedge accounting resulted in a net unrealized gain of 4 and 12 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recorded in Other comprehensive income (loss) and are reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the underlying hedged transaction is recognized in earnings. At the end of 2022, an unfavorable 10 change in exchange rates would have resulted in a net unrealized loss of 80. 
 
 52 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The Company manages its mix of fixed and floating rate debt against its target with debt issuances and by entering into interest rate swaps in order to mitigate fluctuations in earnings and cash flows that may result from interest rate volatility. The Company utilizes forward-starting interest rate swaps to mitigate the risk of variability in interest rate for future debt issuances. The notional amount, interest payment and maturity date of the swaps generally match the principal, interest payment and maturity date of the related debt, and the swaps are valued using observable benchmark rates. 
 
 Based on year-end 2022 variable rate debt levels, a 1 increase in interest rates would have increased Interest (income) expense, net by 14 in 2022. 
 
 The Company has completed its assessment of the impact of the discontinuation of LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate on its current financial instruments and contractual arrangements, including debt outstanding, and concluded it to be not material as the Company does not have significant exposure to LIBOR in either its debt or other financing arrangements. The Company will continue to monitor its exposure in subsequent periods. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 The Company is exposed to price volatility related to raw materials used in production, such as essential oils, resins, tropical oils, pulp, tallow, corn, poultry and soybeans. The Company manages its raw material exposures through a combination of cost containment measures, ongoing productivity initiatives and the limited use of commodity hedging contracts. Futures contracts are used on a limited basis, primarily in the Hill s Pet Nutrition segment, to manage volatility related to anticipated raw material inventory purchases of certain traded commodities. 
 
 The Company s open commodity derivative contracts that qualify for cash flow hedge accounting resulted in a net unrealized gain of 1 an d 2 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At the end of 2022, an unfavorable 10 change in commodity futures prices would have resulted in a net unrealized loss of 1. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 The Company is exposed to the risk of credit loss in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to financial instrument contracts; however, nonperformance is considered unlikely and any nonperformance is unlikely to be material as it is the Company s policy to contract with diverse, credit-worthy counterparties based upon both strong credit ratings and other credit considerations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 In September 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2022-04, Liabilities-Supplier Finance Programs (Subtopic 405-50): Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program Obligations. This ASU requires a buyer that uses supplier finance programs to make annual disclosures about the programs key terms, the balance sheet presentation of related amounts, the confirmed amount outstanding at the end of the period and associated roll-forward information. The guidance, which is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2023 (except for the roll-forward, which is effective beginning on January 1, 2024), is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-02, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. This ASU eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings by creditors while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancing and restructurings by creditors made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. The amendments also require disclosure of current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2023 and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-01, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Fair Value Hedging-Portfolio Layer Method. This ASU clarifies the accounting and promotes consistency in reporting for hedges where the portfolio layer method is applied. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2023 and is not expected to have an impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 53 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832). This ASU requires increased disclosure on an annual basis about transactions with domestic, foreign, local, regional and national governments, including entities related to those governments and intergovernmental organizations, that are accounted for by applying a grant or contribution accounting model by analogy to other accounting guidance. This guidance was effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2022 and did not have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. This ASU requires contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination to be recognized and measured by the acquirer on the acquisition date in accordance with ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). This guidance is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2023 and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting principles GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope, which clarified that certain optional expedients and exceptions in Topic 848 apply to derivatives that are affected by the discounting transition due to reference rate reform. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-06, "Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848," which defers the sunset date of Topic 848 from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024, after which entities will no longer be permitted to apply the relief under Topic 848. We have completed our evaluation of significant contracts under this ASU. Certain of the reviewed contracts have been modified and the remaining reviewed contracts will be modified, where necessary, to apply a new reference rate, primarily the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). Accordingly the guidance has not had and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to use judgment and make estimates. The level of uncertainty in estimates and assumptions increases with the length of time until the underlying transactions are completed. Actual results could ultimately differ from those estimates. The accounting policies that are most critical in the preparation of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements are those that are both important to the presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements and require significant or complex judgments and estimates on the part of management. The Company s critical accounting policies are reviewed periodically with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 
 In certain instances, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America allow for the selection of alternative accounting methods. The Company s significant policies that involve the selection of alternative methods are accounting for inventories and shipping and handling costs. 
 
 The Company accounts for inventories using both the first-in, first-out FIFO method (80 of inventories) and the last-in, first-out LIFO method (20 of inventories). There would have been no material impact on reported earnings for 2022 or 2021 had all inventories been accounted for under the FIFO method. 
 
 Shipping and handling costs may be reported as either a component of Cost of sales or Selling, general and administrative expenses. The Company accounts for such costs, primarily related to warehousing and outbound freight, as fulfillment costs and reports them in the Consolidated Statements of Income as a component of Selling, general and administrative expenses. Accordingly, the Company s Gross profit margin is not comparable with the gross profit margin of those companies that include shipping and handling charges in cost of sales. If such costs had been included as a component of Cost of sales, the Company s Gross profit margin would have been lower by 1,040 bps in 2022, by 970 bps in 2021, and 850 bps in 2020, with no impact on reported earnings. 
 
 54 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 The areas of accounting that involve significant or complex judgments and estimates are pensions and other retiree benefit cost assumptions, stock-based compensation, asset impairments, uncertain tax positions, tax valuation allowances, legal and other contingency reserves. 
 
 In accounting for pension and other postretirement benefit costs, the most significant actuarial assumptions are the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. The discount rate used to measure the benefit obligation for U.S. defined benefit plans was 5.66 and 2.98 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The discount rate used to measure the benefit obligation for other U.S. postretirement plans was 5.67 and 3.06 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Discount rates used for the U.S. and international defined benefit and other postretirement plans are based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high-quality bonds whose projected cash flows approximate the projected benefit payments of the plans. The assumed expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for U.S. plans was 6.25 as of December 31, 2022 and 5.70 as of December 31, 2021. In determining the expected long-term rate of return, the Company considers the nature of the plans investments and the historical rate of return. 
 
 Average annual rates of return for the U.S. plans for the most recent 1-year, 5-year, 10-year, 15-year and 25-year periods were (18) , 1 , 4 , 4 and 5 , respectively. In addition, the current assumed rate of return for the U.S. plans is based upon the nature of the plans investments with a target asset allocation of approximately 76 in fixed income securities, 21 in equity securities and 3 in real estate and other investments. A 1 change in the assumed rate of return on plan assets of the U.S. pension plans would impact future Net income attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company by approximately 13. A 1 change in the discount rate for the U.S. pension plans and U.S. other retiree benefit plan would impact future Net income attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company by approximately 2 and 1, respectively. A third assumption is the long-term rate of compensation increase, a change in which would partially offset the impact of a change in either the discount rate or the expected long-term rate of return. This rate was 3.50 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Note 10, Retirement Plans and Other Retiree Benefits to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s pension and other postretirement plans. 
 
 The assumption requiring the most judgment in accounting for other postretirement benefits (other than the discount rate noted above) is the medical cost trend rate. The Company reviews external data and its own historical trends for health care costs to determine the medical cost trend rate. The assumed rate of increase for the U.S. postretirement benefit plans is 6.25 for 2023, declining to 4.50 by 2027 and remaining at 4.50 for the years thereafter. The effect on the total of service cost and interest costs components of a 1 increase in the assumed long-term medical cost trend rate would impact future Net income attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company by 2. 
 
 The Company recognizes the cost of employee services received in exchange for awards of equity instruments, such as stock options and restricted stock units (both performance-based and time-vested), based on the fair value of those awards at the date of grant. The Company uses the Black-Scholes-Merton Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock option awards. The weighted-average estimated fair value of each stock option award granted in the year ended December 31, 2022 was 14.71. The Black-Scholes model uses various assumptions to estimate the fair value of stock option awards. These assumptions include the expected term of stock option awards, expected volatility rate, risk-free interest rate and expected dividend yield. While these assumptions do not require significant judgment, as the significant inputs are determined from historical experience or independent third-party sources, changes in these inputs could result in significant changes in the fair value of stock option awards. A one-year change in expected term would result in a change in fair value of approximately 6 . A 1 change in volatility would change fair value by approximately 4 . The Company uses a Monte-Carlo simulation to determine the fair value of performance-based restricted stock units at the date of grant. The Monte-Carlo simulation model uses substantially the same inputs as the Black-Scholes model. 
 
 Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets, such as the Company s global brands, are subject to impairment tests at least annually or when events or changes in circumstances indicate an asset may be impaired. In assessing impairment, the Company performs either a quantitative or a qualitative analysis. 
 
 55 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Determining the fair value of the Company s reporting units for goodwill and the fair value of its intangible assets requires significant estimates and judgments by management. When a quantitative analysis is performed, the Company generally uses the income approach, which requires several estimates, including future cash flows consistent with management s strategic plans, sales growth rates, foreign exchange rates and the selection of royalty rates and a discount rate. Estimating sales growth rates requires significant judgment by management in areas such as future economic conditions, category growth rates, product pricing, consumer tastes and preferences and future expansion expectations. In selecting an appropriate royalty rate, the Company considers the long-term profitability of the brand and recent market transactions for similar brands and products. In determining an appropriate discount rate, the Company considers the current interest rate environment and its estimated cost of capital. Other qualitative factors the Company considers, in addition to those quantitative measures discussed above, include assessments of general macroeconomic conditions, industry-specific considerations and historical financial performance. The Company generally engages a third-party valuation firm to assist it in determining the fair value of intangible assets acquired in business combinations. 
 
 In determining the fair value of the Company s reporting units, fair value is also determined using the market approach, which is generally derived from metrics of comparable publicly traded companies. As multiple valuation methodologies are used, the Company also performs a qualitative analysis comparing the fair value of a reporting unit under each method to assess its reasonableness and ensure consistency of results. 
 
 Determining the expected life of a brand requires management judgment and is based on an evaluation of several factors including market share, brand history, future expansion expectations, the level of in-market support anticipated by management, legal or regulatory restrictions and the economic environment in the countries in which the brand is sold. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company made revisions to the internal forecasts relating to its Filorga reporting unit due primarily to the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in China, as a result of government restrictions and reduced consumer mobility, which negatively impacted consumption in the duty-free, travel retail and pharmacy channels. The Company concluded that the changes in circumstances in this reporting unit and the impact of significantly higher interest rates triggered the need for an interim impairment review of its indefinite-lived trademark, goodwill and long-lived assets which consists primarily of customer relationships. As a result of the interim impairment test, the Company concluded that the carrying value of the trademark and customer relationships exceeded their estimated fair value and recorded impairment charges of 300 and 89, respectively, reducing their carrying values to 257 and 118, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. After adjusting the carrying values of the trademark and customer relationship intangible assets, the Company completed a quantitative impairment test for goodwill and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 332 in the Filorga reporting unit, reducing the carrying value of goodwill to 214 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Except for the Filorga skin health business described above, the estimated fair value of the Company s remaining reporting units substantially exceeds their carrying value. 
 
 As of the date of the annual impairment test of indefinite-lived intangible assets, the fair value of two of the Company s indefinite-lived trademark intangible assets, other than Filorga, exceeded their recorded carrying values by less than 10 . The combined carrying value for these trademarks is 465 as of December 31, 2022. Either a reduction in the royalty rate of 50 basis points, a reduction in the long term sales growth rate of 50 basis points or an increase in discount rate of 50 bps would result in the fair value of each of these indefinite-lived trademarks approximating their respective carrying value. 
 
 Given the inherent uncertainties of estimating the future impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, interest rates and inflation on macroeconomic conditions, actual results may differ from management's current estimates which could potentially result in additional impairment charges in future periods. 
 
 56 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company made revisions to the internal forecasts relating to its Filorga reporting unit due primarily to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Filorga skin health business as a result of government restrictions and reduced consumer mobility, which negatively impacted consumption in the duty-free, travel retail and pharmacy channels. The Company performed an impairment review and concluded that the carrying value of the trademark exceeded its estimated fair value and recorded an impairment charge of 204, reducing the carrying value to approximately 588. After adjusting the carrying value of the trademark, the Company completed a quantitative impairment test for goodwill and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 367 in the Filorga reporting unit, reducing the carrying value of goodwill to approximately 577. 
 
 The recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions involves consideration of the amounts and probabilities of various outcomes that could be realized upon ultimate resolution. 
 
 Tax valuation allowances are established to reduce deferred tax assets, such as tax loss carryforwards, to net realizable value. Factors considered in estimating net realizable value include historical results by tax jurisdiction, carryforward periods, income tax strategies and forecasted taxable income. 
 
 Legal and other contingency reserves are based on management s assessment of the risk of potential loss, which includes consultation with outside legal counsel and other advisors. Such assessments are reviewed each period and revised based on current facts and circumstances, if necessary. While it is possible that the Company s cash flows and results of operations in a particular quarter or year could be materially affected by the impact of such contingencies, based on current knowledge it is the opinion of management that these matters will not have a material effect on the Company s financial position, or its ongoing results of operations or cash flows. Refer to Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s contingencies. 
 
 The Company generates revenue through the sale of well-known consumer products to trade customers under established trading terms. While the recognition of revenue and receivables requires the use of estimates, there is a short time frame (typically less than 60 days) between the shipment of product and cash receipt, thereby reducing the level of uncertainty in these estimates. Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further description of the Company s significant accounting policies. 
 57 

(Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 

 Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 or by the SEC in its rules, regulations and releases that set forth anticipated results based on management s current plans and assumptions. Such statements may relate, for example, to sales or volume growth, net selling price increases, organic sales growth, profit or profit margin levels, earnings per share levels, financial goals, the impact of foreign exchange, the impact of COVID-19, the impact of the war in Ukraine, cost-reduction plans (including the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative), tax rates, interest rates, new product introductions, digital capabilities, commercial investment levels, acquisitions, divestitures, share repurchases or legal or tax proceedings, among other matters. These statements are made on the basis of the Company s views and assumptions as of this time and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or by the rules and regulations of the SEC. Moreover, the Company does not, nor does any other person, assume responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of those statements. The Company cautions investors that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that actual events or results may differ materially from those statements. Actual events or results may differ materially because of factors that affect international businesses and global economic conditions, as well as matters specific to the Company and the markets it serves, including the uncertain macroeconomic and political environment in different countries, including as a result of inflation and rising interest rates, and its effect on consumer spending habits, foreign currency rate fluctuations, exchange controls, tariffs, sanctions, price or profit controls, labor relations, changes in foreign or domestic laws or regulations or their interpretation, political and fiscal developments, including changes in trade, tax and immigration policies, increased competition and evolving competitive practices (including from the growth of eCommerce and the entry of new competitors and business models), the ability to operate and respond effectively during a pandemic, epidemic or widespread public health concern, including COVID-19, the ability to manage disruptions in our global supply chain and/or key office facilities, the ability to manage the availability and cost of raw and packaging materials and logistics costs, the ability to maintain or increase selling prices as needed, changes in the policies of retail trade customers, the emergence of alternative retail channels, the growth of eCommerce and the rapidly changing retail landscape (as consumers increasingly shop online), the ability to develop innovative new products, the ability to continue lowering costs and operate in an agile manner, the ability to maintain the security of our information technology systems from a cyber-security incident or data breach, the ability to address the effects of climate change and achieve our sustainability and social impact goals, the ability to complete acquisitions and divestitures as planned, the ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses, the ability to attract and retain key employees and integrate DE I initiatives across our organization, the uncertainty of the outcome of legal proceedings, whether or not the Company believes they have merit, and the ability to address uncertain or unfavorable global economic conditions, including inflation, disruptions in the credit markets and tax matters. For information about these and other factors that could impact the Company s business and cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, refer to Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 See Managing Foreign Currency, Interest Rate, Commodity Price and Credit Risk Exposure in Part II, Item 7. 
 
 58 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 See Index to Financial Statements. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 (the Evaluation ). Based upon the Evaluation, the Company s Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and concluded that it was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has audited the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and has expressed an unqualified opinion in their report, which appears under Index to Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company is in the process of upgrading its enterprise IT system to SAP S/4 HANA. This change has not had and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Except as noted above, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 59 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 See Information about our Executive Officers in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
 
 Additional information required by this Item relating to directors, executive officers and corporate governance of the Company is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 The Company s Code of Conduct promotes the highest ethical standards in all of the Company s business dealings. The Code of Conduct satisfies the SEC s requirements for a Code of Ethics for senior financial officers and applies to all Company employees, including the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Vice President and Controller, and the Company s directors. The Code of Conduct is available on the Company s website at www.colgatepalmolive.com . Any amendment to the Code of Conduct will promptly be posted on the Company s website. It is the Company s policy not to grant waivers of the Code of Conduct. In the extremely unlikely event that the Company grants an executive officer a waiver from a provision of the Code of Conduct, the Company will promptly disclose such information by posting it on its website or by using other appropriate means in accordance with SEC rules. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information regarding executive compensation set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 60 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 (a) The information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (b) The Registrant does not know of any arrangements that may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Registrant. 
 
 (c) Equity compensation plan information as of December 31, 2022: (a) (b) (c) Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (in thousands) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (in thousands) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 26,291 (1) 
 75.14 (2) 
 32,318 (3) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable Total 
 26,291 
 75.14 
 32,318 
 
 _______ 
 (1) Consists of 24,431 options outstanding and 1,860 restricted stock units awarded but not yet vested under the Company s 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan and the Company s 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan, respectively, as more fully described in Note 8, Capital Stock and Stock-Based Compensation Plans to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) Includes the weighted-average exercise price of stock options outstanding of 75 and restricted stock units of 77. 
 (3) Amount includes 22,004 options available for issuance and 10,314 restricted stock units available for issuance under the Company s 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information regarding auditor fees and services set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 61 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 See Index to Financial Statements. 
 
 (b) Exhibits: 
 
 62 

Exhibit No. Description 3-A Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 3-A to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, File No. 1-644.) 
 3-B Colgate-Palmolive Company By-laws, Amended and Restated as of Ja nuary 12, 2023 . (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 3.01 to its Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 12, 2023 , File No. 1-644.) 
 4 a) Description of Securities of the Registrant 
 b) Indenture, dated as of November 15, 1992, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York) as Trustee. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 4.1 to its Registration Statement on Form S-3 and Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 filed on June 26, 1992, Registration No. 33-48840.) (1) 
 c) Colgate-Palmolive Company Employee Stock Ownership Trust Agreement dated as of June 1, 1989, as amended. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 4-B (b) to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2000, File No. 1-644.) 
 10-A a) Colgate-Palmolive 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Annex C to its 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement, File No. 1-644.) 
 b) Form of Nonqualified Option Award Agreement used in connection with grants under the Colgate-Palmolive Company 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-C to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, File No. 1-644.) 
 c) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used in connection with grants under the Colgate-Palmolive Company 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-D to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, File No. 1-644.) 
 d) Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for the 2020-2022 Performance Cycle (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-A to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 1-644.) 
 e) Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for the 2021-2023 Performance Cycle (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-A to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, File No. 1-644.) 
 f) Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for the 2022-2024 Performance Cycle (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-B to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, File No. 1-644.) 
 10-B a) Colgate-Palmolive Company 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Annex B to its 2013 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement, File No. 1-644.) 
 b) Form of Nonqualified Option Award Agreement used in connection with grants under the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-A (b) to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, File No. 1-644.) 
 c) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used in connection with grants under the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-A (c) to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, File No. 1-644.) 
 10-C a) Colgate-Palmolive Company Executive Incentive Compensation Plan Trust, as amended. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-B (b) to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987, File No. 1-644.) b) Amendment, dated as of October 29, 2007, to the Colgate-Palmolive Company Executive Incentive Compensation Plan Trust. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-A (b) to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, File No. 1-644.) 
 
 63 

10-D Colgate-Palmolive Company Supplemental Salaried Employees Retirement Plan, amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2021. (Registrant he reby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-D to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , File No. 1-644 . 
 10-E a) Colgate-Palmolive Company Executive Severance Plan, as amended and restated through September 13, 2018. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-A to its Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2018, File No. 1-644.) 
 b) Colgate-Palmolive Company Executive Severance Plan Trust. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-E (b) to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987, File No. 1-644.) c) Colgate-Palmolive Company Executive Officer Cash Severance Policy. (registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10.1 to its Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 11, 2022, File No 1-644.) 
 10-F Colgate-Palmolive Company Pension Plan for Outside Directors, as amended and restated. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-D to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999, File No. 1-644.) 
 10-G a) Colgate-Palmolive Company Restated and Amended Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-H to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997, File No. 1-644.) 
 b) Amendment, effective as of January 1, 2005, to the Colgate-Palmolive Company Restated and Amended Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-F to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, File No. 1-644.) 
 10-H Colgate-Palmolive Company Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated, effective as of October 28, 2021. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-B to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, File No. 1-644.) 
 10-I Amen ded and Restated F ive Year Credit Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2022 , by and among Colgate-Palmolive Company, as Borrower, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Arranger, and the Lenders party thereto . 
 10-J Colgate-Palmolive Company Supplemental Savings and Investment Plan, amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 202 2 . 
 10-K Form of Indemnification Agreement between Colgate-Palmolive Company and its directors, executive officers and certain key employees. (Registrant hereby incorporates by reference Exhibit 10-K to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 20 1 7 , File No. 1-644.) 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24 Powers of Attorney. 
 31-A Certificate of the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Colgate-Palmolive Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31-B Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Colgate-Palmolive Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32 Certificate of the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Colgate-Palmolive Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 101 The following materials from Colgate-Palmolive Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vii) Financial Statement Schedule. 
 64 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 __________ 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 (1) Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish the Commission, upon request, with a copy of any instrument with respect to long-term debt where the total amount of securities authorized thereunder does not exceed 10 of the total assets of the Registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 The exhibits indicated above that are not included with the Form 10-K are available upon request and payment of a reasonable fee approximating the registrant s cost of providing and mailing the exhibits. Inquiries should be directed to: Colgate-Palmolive Company Office of the Secretary (10-K Exhibits) 300 Park Avenue New York, NY 10022-7499 

65 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 66 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Colgate-Palmolive Company 
 (Registrant) 
 Date: February 16, 2023 By /s/ Noel R. Wallace Noel R. Wallace Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on February 16, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 
 (a) Principal Executive Officer (d) Directors: /s/ Noel R. Wallace /s/ Noel R. Wallace Noel R. Wallace Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Noel R. Wallace (b) Principal Financial Officer John P. Bilbrey, John T. Cahill, Steve A. Cahillane, 
 Lisa M. Edwards, C. Martin Harris, 
 Martina Hund-Mejean, Kimberly A. Nelson, 
 Lorrie M. Norrington, Michael B. Polk, 
 Stephen I. Sadove 
 /s/ Stanley J. Sutula III By: /s/ Jennifer M. Daniels Stanley J. Sutula III 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Jennifer M. Daniels 
 As Attorney-in-Fact 
 (c) Principal Accounting Officer /s/ Gregory O. Malcolm Gregory O. Malcolm Vice President and Controller 
 
 67 

Index to Financial Statements 
 Page Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 73 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 76 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 77 
 Financial Statement Schedule Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 124 
 Selected Financial Data Market Information 125 

All other financial statements and schedules not listed have been omitted since the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or is not applicable or required. 
 
 68 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Colgate-Palmolive Company 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes and financial statement schedule, of Colgate-Palmolive Company and its subsidiaries (the Company as listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 69 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Asset Impairment Assessments - Filorga 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s balance of goodwill related to the Filorga reporting unit and the associated indefinite-lived intangible asset was 214 million and 257 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are subject to impairment tests at least annually or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired. During the fourth quarter of 2022, management concluded that the changes in circumstances in the Filorga reporting unit triggered the need for an interim impairment review of its indefinite-lived trademark and goodwill. As a result of the impairment test, management concluded that the carrying value of the trademark exceeded its estimated fair value, and recorded an impairment charge of 300 million, reducing its carrying value to 257 million as of December 31, 2022. After adjusting the carrying value of the trademark, management completed a quantitative impairment test for goodwill and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 332 million, reducing the carrying value of goodwill to 214 million as of December 31, 2022. The fair value of the Filorga reporting unit and indefinite-lived trademark were determined by management using an income approach. This method incorporates significant judgments and estimates by management regarding several key inputs, including future cash flows, sales growth rates, discount rate, and the selection of royalty rates, among others. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessments of Filorga is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the sales growth rates and discount rate for the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset, and the royalty rate for the indefinite-lived intangible asset; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessments, including controls over the valuation estimate of the Filorga reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value of the reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the income approach; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the income approach; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management related to the sales growth rates and discount rate for the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset, and the royalty rate for the indefinite-lived intangible asset. Evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the sales growth rates and discount rate for the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset, and the royalty rate for the indefinite-lived intangible asset involved evaluating whether the significant assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting unit; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the income approach and the reasonableness of the discount rate and royalty rate significant assumptions. 

70 

/s/ 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 

71 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 For the years ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Other (income) expense, net Goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges Operating profit Non-service related postretirement costs Interest (income) expense, net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income including noncontrolling interests Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company Earnings per common share, basic Earnings per common share, diluted 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 72 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 For the years ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in Millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income including noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Cumulative translation adjustments ) ) ) Retirement plan and other retiree benefit adjustments ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) Total Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interests Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Less: Cumulative translation adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Total Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Total Comprehensive income attributable to Colgate-Palmolive Company 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 73 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of December 31, 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 2022 2021 Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Receivables (net of allowances of and , respectively) 
 Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current Liabilities Notes and loans payable Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued income taxes Other accruals Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities Shareholders Equity Common stock, par value shares authorized, shares issued) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Unearned compensation ) ) Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Total Colgate-Palmolive Company shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 74 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 (Dollars in Millions) Colgate-Palmolive Company Shareholders Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Unearned Compensation Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests Balance, January 1, 2020 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Dividends )/per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Shares issued for stock options 
 Shares issued for restricted stock awards 
 ) Noncontrolling interests acquired ) Treasury stock acquired ) Other ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Dividends )/per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Shares issued for stock options Shares issued for restricted stock awards ) Treasury stock acquired ) Other Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Dividends )/per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Shares issued for stock options Shares issued for restricted stock awards ) Treasury stock acquired ) Other Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 dividends were declared in each of the first quarters of 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 75 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the years ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in Millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income including noncontrolling interests Adjustments to reconcile net income including noncontrolling interests to net cash provided by operations: Depreciation and amortization Restructuring and termination benefits, net of cash ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Gain on the sale of land ) Goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges Loss on early extinguishment of debt Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Cash effects of changes in: Receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Accounts payable and other accruals ) Other non-current assets and liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operations Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchases of marketable securities and investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of marketable securities and investments Payment for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Proceeds from the sale of land Other investing activities ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Short-term borrowing (repayment) less than 90 days, net ) Principal payments on debt (1) 
 ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Dividends paid ) ) ) Purchases of treasury shares ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Purchases of non-controlling interests in subsidiaries ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on Cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in Cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental Cash Flow Information Income taxes paid Interest paid 
 and and , respectively, related to the extinguishment of debt prior to maturity. See Note 6, Long-Term Debt and Credit Facilities for additional information. 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 76 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

1. 
 
 product segments: Oral, Personal and Home Care; and Pet Nutrition. Oral, Personal and Home Care products include toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar and liquid hand soaps, shower gels, shampoos, conditioners, deodorants and antiperspirants, skin health products, dishwashing detergents, fabric conditioners, household cleaners and other similar items. These products are sold primarily to a variety of traditional and eCommerce retailers, wholesalers and distributors worldwide. Pet Nutrition products include specialty pet nutrition products manufactured and marketed by Hill s Pet Nutrition. The principal customers for Pet Nutrition products are authorized pet supply retailers, veterinarians and eCommerce retailers. Some of our products are also sold direct-to-consumer. Principal global and regional trademarks include Colgate, Palmolive, elmex, hello, meridol, Sorriso, Tom s of Maine, EltaMD, Filorga, Irish Spring, Lady Speed Stick, PCA SKIN, Protex, Sanex, Softsoap, Speed Stick, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Murphy, Soupline and Suavitel, as well as Hill s Science Diet and Hill s Prescription Diet. 
 
 Personal Care Home Care Pet Nutrition Total 
 
 77 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 2. 

and , where the Company has significant influence over the investee, are accounted for using the equity method. Net income (loss) from such investments is recorded in Other (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, equity method investments included in Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were and , respectively. Unrelated third parties hold the remaining ownership interests in these investments. Investments with less than a interest are recorded at cost and periodically adjusted based on observable price changes or quoted market prices in active markets, if applicable. 

78 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

of inventories is determined using the FIFO method, which is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The cost of all other inventories, in the U.S. and Mexico, is determined using the LIFO method, which is stated at the lower of cost or market. Inventories in excess of one year of forecasted sales are classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as non-current Other assets. 
 
 to years for machinery and equipment and up to years for buildings. Depreciation attributable to manufacturing operations is included in Cost of sales. The remaining component of depreciation is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 to years. Amortization expense related to intangible assets is included in Other (income) expense, net, which is included in Operating profit. 
 
 79 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

80 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

81 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 3. 
 
 dry pet food manufacturing plants in the United States, from Red Collar Pet Foods Holdings, Inc. and Red Collar Pet Foods Holdings, L.P. (collectively, Red Collar Pet Foods for cash consideration of (subject to adjustment for net working capital) to further support the global growth of its Hill s Pet Nutrition business. The acquisition was financed with a combination of debt and cash and accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805. The net working capital adjustment was finalized in the fourth quarter of 2022, resulting in a decrease to the purchase price of and a corresponding reduction in goodwill. 
 
 has been allocated to the net assets acquired based on their respective estimated fair values as follows: 
 
 Inventories Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Current liabilities ) Intangible liability ) Deferred income taxes ) Fair value of net assets acquired 
 
 Goodwill of was allocated to the Pet Nutrition segment. Goodwill will not be deductible for tax purposes. 
 Pro forma results of operations have not been presented as the impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements is not material. 
 
 Nutriamo S.r.l. 
 
 . 

82 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 4. 
 to to aftertax), which is currently estimated to be comprised of the following: employee-related costs, including severance, pension and other termination benefits ); asset-related costs, primarily accelerated depreciation and asset write-downs ); and other charges ), which include contract termination costs, consisting primarily of implementation-related charges resulting directly from exit activities and the implementation of new strategies. It is estimated that approximately to of the charges will result in cash expenditures. 
 
 It is expected that the cumulative pretax charges, once all projects are approved and implemented, will relate to initiatives undertaken in North America ), Latin America ), Europe ), Asia Pacific ), Africa/Eurasia ), Hill s Pet Nutrition and Corporate ). 
 
 Other (income) expense, net Non-service related postretirement costs Total 2022 Global Productivity Initiative charges, pretax Total 2022 Global Productivity Initiative charges, aftertax 
 
 Restructuring and related implementation charges in the preceding table are recorded in the Corporate segment as these initiatives are predominantly centrally directed and controlled and are not included in internal measures of segment operating performance. 
 
 Latin America Europe Asia Pacific Africa/Eurasia Hill's Pet Nutrition Corporate Total 

83 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 Charges Cash Payments ) ) ) Charges against assets ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, which are reflected as Charges against assets within Employee-Related Costs in the preceding tables as the corresponding balance sheet amounts are reflected as a reduction of pension assets or an increase in pension liabilities. 

84 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 5. 
 
 Latin America ) Europe ) ) Asia Pacific ) Africa/Eurasia ) Total Oral, Personal and Home Care ) ) Pet Nutrition Total Goodwill ) ) 
 
 2022 Beginning Balance Acquisitions (1) 
 Impairments Foreign currency translation Ending Balance Oral, Personal and Home Care North America ) Latin America Europe ) ) Asia Pacific ) Africa/Eurasia ) Total Oral, Personal and Home Care ) ) Pet Nutrition ) Total Goodwill ) ) 
 
 (1) For information related to the Company's acquisitions, refer to Note 3, Acquisitions 

85 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 ) ) Other finite life intangible assets ) ) Indefinite life intangible assets Total Other intangible assets ) ) 
 
 The change in the net carrying amounts of Other intangible assets during 2022 was due to the impact of impairment charges related to the Filorga intangible assets as more fully described below, foreign currency translation and amortization expense of . Annual estimated amortization expense for each of the next five years is expected to be approximately . 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company made revisions to the internal forecasts relating to its Filorga reporting unit due primarily to the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in China, as a result of government restrictions and reduced consumer mobility, which negatively impacted consumption in the duty-free, travel retail and pharmacy channels. The Company concluded that the changes in circumstances in this reporting unit and the impact of significantly higher interest rates triggered the need for an interim impairment review of its indefinite-lived trademark, goodwill, and long-lived assets which consists primarily of customer relationships. As a result of the interim impairment test, the Company concluded that the carrying value of the trademark and customer relationships exceeded their estimated fair value, and recorded impairment charges of and , respectively, reducing their carrying values to and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022. After adjusting the carrying values of the trademark and customer relationship intangible assets, the Company completed a quantitative impairment test for goodwill and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of in the Filorga reporting unit, reducing the carrying value of goodwill to as of December 31, 2022. The goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges are presented as a separate line item in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company made revisions to the internal forecasts relating to its Filorga reporting unit due primarily to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Filorga skin health business as a result of government restrictions and reduced consumer mobility, which negatively impacted consumption in the duty-free, travel retail and pharmacy channels. The Company performed an impairment review and concluded that the carrying value of the trademark exceeded its estimated fair value, and recorded an impairment charge of , reducing the carrying value to approximately . After adjusting the carrying value of the trademark, the Company completed a quantitative impairment test for goodwill and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of in the Filorga reporting unit, reducing the carrying value of goodwill to approximately . 
 
 The Company used the income approach to determine the fair value of the Filorga reporting unit, indefinite-lived trademark and customer relationships that required significant judgments and estimates by management regarding several key inputs, including future cash flows consistent with management s plans, sales growth rates, customer attrition rate, and the selection of royalty rate and a discount rate, among others. Estimating sales growth rates requires significant judgment by management in areas such as future economic conditions, category and industry growth rates, product pricing, consumer tastes and preferences and future expansion expectations. 

86 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 6. 
 
 2023 - 2078 Commercial paper 2023 Finance Lease Obligations Various Various Less: Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total 
 
 The Company classifies commercial paper and notes maturing within the next twelve months as long-term debt when it has the intent and ability to refinance such obligations on a long-term basis. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 The Company has entered into foreign exchange contracts related to certain of these debt instruments. See Note 7, Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments for further information about the Company s financial instruments. 
 
 The Company s debt issuances and redemptions support its capital structure strategy objectives of funding its business and growth initiatives while minimizing its risk-adjusted cost of capital. During the third quarter of 2022, the Company issued of Senior Notes at a fixed coupon rate of , of Senior Notes at a fixed coupon rate of and of Senior Notes at a fixed coupon rate of . 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company issued of notes at a fixed coupon rate of . The debt issuance was under the Company s shelf registration statement. An amount equal to the net proceeds of the notes was allocated to finance or refinance, in part or in full, new and existing projects and programs with distinct environmental or social benefits. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company redeemed prior to maturity all of its outstanding notes due 2021 with a principal amount of , originally issued on November 12, 2019. The redemption was financed with commercial paper borrowings. The redemption price was equal to the carrying amount of the debt extinguished. 
 
 In 1990, the Company s Canadian subsidiary CP Canada ), issued C of Canadian dollar-denominated unsecured unsubordinated guaranteed notes due October 4, 2030 (the Canada notes ). During the third quarter of 2021, CP Canada redeemed the Canada notes and recorded a loss on the early extinguishment of debt of , which is included in Interest (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income, representing the difference between the redemption price and the carrying amount of the debt extinguished. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had access to unused domestic and foreign lines of credit of (including under the facility discussed below) and could also issue long-term debt pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement. 
 87 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks for a term expiring November 2027, which replaced, on substantially similar terms, the Company's revolving credit facility that was scheduled to expire in August 2026. Commitment fees related to the credit facility are not material. 
 
 Certain agreements with respect to the Company s bank borrowings contain financial and other covenants as well as cross-default provisions. Noncompliance with these requirements could ultimately result in the acceleration of amounts owed. The Company is in full compliance with all such requirements and believes the likelihood of noncompliance is remote. 
 
 88 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 7. 
 
 countries and territories, it is exposed to currency fluctuations related to manufacturing and selling its products in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Company manages its foreign currency exposures through a combination of cost containment measures, sourcing strategies, selling price increases and the hedging of certain costs in an effort to minimize the impact on earnings of foreign currency rate movements. 
 
 The Company primarily utilizes foreign currency contracts, including forward and swap contracts, option contracts, foreign and local currency deposits and local currency borrowings to hedge portions of its foreign currency purchases, assets and liabilities arising in the normal course of business and the net investment in certain foreign subsidiaries. The duration of foreign currency contracts generally does not exceed 12 months and the contracts are valued using observable market rates (Level 2 valuation). 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The Company manages its targeted mix of fixed and floating rate debt with debt issuances and by entering into interest rate swaps in order to mitigate fluctuations in earnings and cash flows that may result from interest rate volatility. The Company utilizes forward-starting interest rate swaps to mitigate the risk of variability in interest rate for future debt issuances. The notional amount, interest payment and maturity date of the swaps generally match the principal, interest payment and maturity date of the related debt, and the swaps are valued using observable benchmark rates (Level 2 valuation). 
 
 89 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 Other accruals Forward-starting interest rate swaps Other assets Other liabilities Foreign currency contracts Other current assets Other accruals Commodity contracts Other current assets Other accruals Total designated Other financial instruments Marketable securities Other current assets Total other financial instruments 
 
 90 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 and , respectively, and the related carrying value was and , respectively. The estimated fair value of long-term debt was derived principally from quoted prices on the Company s outstanding fixed-term notes (Level 2 valuation). 
 
 Cumulative hedging adjustment included in the carrying amount 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges Net Investment Hedges 
 
 December 31, 2021 Foreign Currency Contracts Foreign Currency Debt Interest Rate Swaps Forward-Starting Interest Rate Swaps Commodity Contracts Total Fair Value Hedges Cash Flow Hedges Net Investment Hedges 
 
 91 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 ) Hedged items ) Foreign currency contracts designated as fair value hedges: Derivative instrument Hedged items ) ) Foreign currency contracts designated as cash flow hedges: Amount reclassified from OCI ) Commodity contracts designated as cash flow hedges: Amount reclassified from OCI Forward-starting interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges: Amount reclassified from OCI Total gain (loss) on hedges recognized in income ) 

92 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 Forward-starting interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges: Gain (loss) recognized in OCI ) Commodity contracts designated as cash flow hedges: Gain (loss) recognized in OCI Foreign currency contracts designated as net investment hedges: Gain (loss) on instruments ) Gain (loss) on hedged items ) Foreign currency debt designated as net investment hedges: Gain (loss) on instruments Gain (loss) on hedged items ) ) Total gain (loss) on hedges recognized in OCI 

93 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 8. 
 
 shares of preference stock. 
 
 Stock Repurchases 
 
 On March 10, 2022, the Board authorized the repurchase of shares of the Company s common stock having an aggregate purchase price of up to billion under a new share repurchase program (the 2022 Program ), which replaced a previously authorized share repurchase program. The Board also has authorized share repurchases on an ongoing basis to fulfill certain requirements of the Company s compensation and benefit programs. The shares are repurchased from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions at the Company s discretion, subject to market conditions, customary blackout periods and other factors. The Company repurchased its common stock at a cost of during 2022. 
 
 The Company may use either authorized and unissued shares or treasury shares to meet share requirements resulting from the exercise of stock options and the vesting of restricted stock unit awards. 
 
 Common stock acquired ) Shares issued for stock options ) Shares issued for restricted stock units and other ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Common stock acquired ) Shares issued for stock options ) Shares issued for restricted stock units and other ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Common stock acquired ) Shares issued for stock options ) Shares issued for restricted stock units and other ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 94 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 incentive compensation plan pursuant to which it issues restricted stock units (both performance-based and time-vested) and stock options to employees and shares of common stock and stock options to non-employee directors. The Personnel and Organization Committee of the Board of Directors, which is comprised entirely of independent directors, administers the incentive compensation plan. The total stock-based compensation expense charged against pretax income for this plan was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total income tax benefit recognized on stock-based compensation, excluding excess tax benefits, was approximately , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense is recorded within Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Corporate segment as these amounts are not included in internal measures of segment operating performance. 
 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock option awards. The weighted-average estimated fair value of stock options granted in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 years years years Expected volatility rate Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 
 The weighted-average expected term of options granted each year was determined with reference to historical exercise and post-vesting cancellation experience, the vesting period of the awards and the contractual term of the awards, among other factors. Expected volatility incorporates implied share-price volatility derived from exchange traded options on the Company s common stock. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the yield of a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond with a maturity period equal to the option s expected term. 
 
 95 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 performance cycle. Awards are earned and vest following the conclusion of the performance period on the basis of achievement of performance goals established at the commencement of each performance period. 
 
 Activity: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Change due to performance and/or market condition achievement Performance-based restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested performance-based restricted stock unit awards, which will be recognized ratably over the remaining performance period. 
 
 The Company uses a Monte-Carlo simulation model to estimate the fair value of performance-based restricted stock units at the date of grant. 
 
 Time-Vested Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The Company also grants time-vested restricted stock unit awards. As described above, under the Company s previous long-term incentive program, time-vested restricted stock unit awards were granted to officers and other key employees following a performance period. Awards vest at the end of the restriction period, which is from the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022, approximately shares of common stock were available for future restricted stock unit awards. 
 
 Activity: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested time-vested restricted stock unit awards, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of time-vested restricted stock units vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 96 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

. Prior to 2019, stock options generally had a contractual term of . Stock options generally vest ratably over . As of December 31, 2022, approximately shares of common stock were available for future stock option grants. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Options outstanding, December 31, 2022 Options exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 
 The benefits of tax deductions in excess of grant date fair value resulting from the exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock unit awards for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively, and are recognized in the provision for income taxes as a discrete item in the quarterly period in which they occur and classified as an operating cash flow. Cash proceeds received from options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. 
 
 97 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 9. 
 
 and shares of common stock, respectively, outstanding and issued to the Company s ESOP. 
 
 During 2000, the ESOP entered into a loan agreement with the Company under which the benefits of the ESOP may be extended through 2035. As of December 31, 2022, the ESOP had outstanding borrowings from the Company of , which represents unearned compensation shown as a reduction in Shareholders equity. 
 
 Dividends on stock held by the ESOP are paid to the ESOP trust and, together with cash contributions from the Company, are (a) used by the ESOP to repay principal and interest, (b) credited to participant accounts, (c) used for contributions to the Company s defined contribution plans or (d) used to pay the Company s defined contribution plan expenses. Stock is allocated to participants based upon the ratio of the current year s debt service to the sum of total outstanding principal and interest payments over the life of the debt. As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock had been released and allocated to participant accounts and shares of common stock were available for future release and allocation to participant accounts. 
 
 Dividends on the stock used to repay principal and interest or credited to participant accounts are deductible for income tax purposes and, accordingly, are reflected net of their tax benefit in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity. 
 
 Annual expense related to the ESOP was in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 The Company paid dividends on the shares held by the ESOP of in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. The Company did t make any contributions to the ESOP in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 98 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 10. 
 
 . The reduction of the projected benefit obligation and actuarial gain were primarily due to an increase in the discount rate since December 31, 2021 and the impact of the plan amendment. The actuarial gain was recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income and will be amortized over future periods. 
 
 99 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 Fixed income securities Real estate and other investments Total 
 
 U.S. common stocks Level 1 International common stocks Level 1 Pooled funds (1) 
 Level 1 Fixed income securities (2) 
 Level 2 Guaranteed investment contracts (3) 
 Level 2 Investments valued using NAV per share (4) 
 Domestic, developed and emerging markets equity funds Fixed income funds (5) 
 Hedge funds (6) 
 Multi-asset funds (7) 
 Real estate funds (8) 
 Other assets and liabilities, net (9) 
 ) Total Investments 
 
 100 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 U.S. common stocks Level 1 International common stocks Level 1 Pooled funds (1) 
 Level 1 Fixed income securities (2) 
 Level 2 Guaranteed investment contracts (3) 
 Level 2 Investments valued using NAV per share (4) 
 Domestic, developed and emerging markets equity funds Fixed income funds (5) 
 Hedge funds (6) 
 Multi-asset funds (7) 
 Real estate funds (8) 
 Other assets and liabilities, net (9) 
 ) Total Investments 
 _______ 
 (1) Pooled funds primarily invest in U.S. and foreign equity securities, debt and money market securities. 
 (2) The fixed income securities are traded over-the-counter and certain of these securities lack daily pricing or liquidity and as such are classified as Level 2. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 approximately of the U.S. pension plan fixed income portfolio was invested in U.S. treasury or agency securities, with the remainder invested in other government bonds and corporate bonds. 
 (3) The guaranteed investment contracts GICs represent contracts with insurance companies measured at the cash surrender value of each contract. The Level 2 valuation reflects that the cash surrender value is based principally on a referenced pool of investment funds with active redemption. 
 (4) Investments that are measured at fair value using net asset value NAV per share as a practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying investments owned, minus its liabilities, divided by the number of shares outstanding. There are no unfunded commitments related to these investments. Redemption notice period primarily ranges from - months and redemption frequency windows range from daily to quarterly. 
 (5) Fixed income funds primarily invest in U.S. government and investment grade corporate bonds. 
 (6) Consists of investments in underlying hedge fund strategies that are primarily implemented through the use of long and short equity and fixed income securities and derivative instruments such as futures and options. 
 (7) Multi-asset funds primarily invest across a variety of asset classes, including global stocks and bonds, as well as alternative strategies. 
 (8) Real estate is valued using the NAV per unit of funds that are invested in real estate property. The investment value of the real estate property is determined quarterly using independent market appraisals as determined by the investment manager. 
 
 101 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 t include any investment in the Company s common stock at either December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. shares of the Company s stock were purchased by the U.S. plans in 2022 or 2021. The plans received dividends on the Company s common stock in either 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Other Retiree Benefits 
 
 The Company and certain of its subsidiaries provide health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees to the extent not provided by government-sponsored plans. 

102 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 Service cost Interest cost Participants contributions Plan amendments ) ) Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange impact ) ) ) Termination benefits Curtailments and settlements ) ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) ) ) Benefit obligations at end of year Change in Plan Assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Company contributions Participants contributions Foreign exchange impact ) ) Settlements and acquisitions ) ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded Status Benefit obligations at end of year Fair value of plan assets at end of year Net amount recognized ) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet Noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Actuarial loss Transition/prior service cost(credit) ) ) Accumulated benefit obligation 
 
 103 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets N/A N/A Long-term rate of compensation increase ESOP growth rate Medical cost trend rate of increase Interest Crediting Rate 
 
 The actuarial gains recorded during 2022 for both the U.S. pension and Other retiree benefit plans were primarily a result of an increase in discount rates applied against future estimated benefit payments that resulted in a decrease in the benefit obligation for both the U.S. pension and Other retiree benefit plans, and amendment of the domestic postretirement plan to limit eligibility for certain existing employees and change the way coverage and subsidies are delivered for certain current and future retirees. The actuarial gains recorded during 2021 for both the U.S. pension and other retiree benefit plans were primarily a result of an increase in discount rates applied against future estimated benefit payments that resulted in a decrease in the benefit obligation for both the U.S. pension and Other retiree benefit plans. 
 
 The overall investment objective of the plans is to balance risk and return so that obligations to employees are met. The Company evaluates its expected long-term rate of return on plan assets on an annual basis. In determining the expected long-term rate of return, the Company considers the nature of the plans investments and the historical rates of return. The assumed expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for U.S. plans was as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. Average annual rates of return for the U.S. plans for the most recent 1-year, 5-year, 10-year, 15-year and 25-year periods were ) , , , and , respectively. Similar assessments were performed in determining rates of return on international pension plan assets to arrive at the Company s 2022 weighted-average expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of . 
 
 The medical cost trend rate of increase assumed in measuring the expected cost of benefits is projected to decrease from in 2023 to by , remaining at for the years thereafter. 

104 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 Fair value of plan assets Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Other Retiree Benefit plans with accumulated postretirement benefit obligation in excess of plan assets as of December 31 consisted of the following: 2022 2021 Benefit Obligation Exceeds Fair Value of Plan Assets Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 105 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of transition and prior service costs (credits) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Net periodic benefit cost Other postretirement charges ) Total pension cost ) Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to Determine Net Periodic Benefit Cost Discount rate 
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets N/A Long-term rate of compensation increase ESOP growth rate Medical cost trend rate of increase Interest Crediting Rate 
 
 106 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 incurred pursuant to the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative. The Company made voluntary contributions in 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Expected Contributions and Benefit Payments 
 
 At present, the Company does not expect to make any voluntary contributions to its U.S. postretirement plans for the year ending December 31, 2023. Actual funding may differ from current estimates depending on the variability of the market value of the assets as compared to the obligation and other market or regulatory conditions. 
 
 Benefit payments expected to be paid from the Company s assets to participants in unfunded plans are estimated to be approximately for the year ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 107 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 11. 
 
 International Total Income before income taxes 
 
 International Total Provision for income taxes 
 
 Property, plant and equipment ) Pension and other retiree benefits ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Right-of-use assets/lease liabilities ) ) ) Tax credits and tax loss carryforwards ) ) Deferred withholding tax ) Research and Experimentation Capitalization Other, net ) Total deferred tax benefit (provision) 
 
 108 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 State income taxes, net of federal benefit Earnings taxed at other than United States statutory rate Benefit for foreign tax matters (1) 
 ) Non-deductible goodwill impairment charges Foreign-derived intangible income benefit ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Effective tax rate 
 _________ 
 of income tax benefits recorded on a discrete period basis, of which relates to previously recorded foreign withholding taxes and relates to a previously recorded valuation allowance against a deferred tax asset. As part of a previously recorded charge for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA ), the Company has provided for foreign withholding taxes expected to be paid on the remittance of earnings from certain overseas subsidiaries no longer deemed indefinitely reinvested. As a result of a recent reorganization of the ownership structure of certain foreign subsidiaries, the Company determined that withholding taxes will be due on the remittance by certain subsidiaries of earnings previously deemed reinvested and, accordingly, reversed of previously recorded foreign withholding taxes. Also as part of the previously recorded charge for the TCJA, the Company provided a valuation allowance against a deferred tax asset related to the foreign tax credit carryforwards that the Company did not expect to be able to use due to changes made by the TCJA. As a result of a new operating structure being implemented within one of the Company s divisions, the Company believes the use of these foreign tax credit carryforwards will not be limited in the future and, accordingly, reversed the previously recorded valuation allowance of . 
 
 109 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Deferred withholding tax ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets: Pension and other retiree benefits Tax credits and tax loss carryforwards Lease liabilities Accrued liabilities Stock-based compensation Research and Experimentation Capitalization Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation Allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Net deferred income taxes ) ) 
 
 Applicable U.S. income and foreign withholding taxes have been provided on substantially all of the Company s accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 Net tax expense of and were recorded directly through equity in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net tax benefit of was recorded directly through equity in 2020. The net tax expense or benefit in each year predominantly includes current and future tax impacts related to benefit plans and the impact of currency translation adjustments. 
 
 The Company uses a comprehensive model to recognize, measure, present and disclose in its financial statements uncertain tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on an income tax return. 
 
 110 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 Increases as a result of tax positions taken during the current year Decreases of tax positions taken during prior years ) ) ) Increases of tax positions taken during prior years Decreases as a result of settlements with taxing authorities and the expiration of statutes of limitations 
 ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency rate movements 
 ) ) Balance, December 31 
 
 If all of the unrecognized tax benefits for 2022 above were recognized, approximately would impact the effective tax rate. It is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized benefits with respect to our uncertain tax positions could change in the next twelve months and such change may or may not be material. 
 
 The Company recognized expense of approximately , and for interest and penalties related to the above unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company had accrued interest and penalties of approximately , and as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file U.S. federal income tax returns as well as income tax returns in many state and foreign jurisdictions. All U.S. federal income tax returns through December 31, 2013 have been audited by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") and there are limited matters which the Company plans to appeal for years 2010 through 2013. One such matter relates to the IRS assessment of taxes on the Company by imputing income on certain activities within one of our international operations. In light of a recent U.S. Tax Court ruling subsequent to December 31, 2022 in favor of the IRS against an unrelated party on a similar matter, the Company is in the process of reassessing its position as it relates to this matter. The Company is currently under audit by the IRS, where the same matter is being discussed, for the years 2014 through 2018. The amount of tax plus interest for the years 2010 through 2018 is estimated to be approximately , which is not included in our uncertain tax positions. With a few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. state and local income tax examinations for income tax returns through December 31, 2016. In addition, the Company has subsidiaries in various foreign jurisdictions that have statutes of limitations for tax audits generally ranging from three to . 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was enacted, which among other things, implements a 15 minimum tax on book income of certain large corporations effective for years beginning after December 31, 2022. Based on the Company s preliminary analysis, the IRA is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company will continue to evaluate the impact of this law as additional guidance and clarification becomes available. 
 
 The Company has made an accounting policy election to treat Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income taxes as a current period expense rather than including these amounts in the measurement of deferred taxes. 
 
 111 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 12. 
 
 Stock options and restricted stock units Diluted EPS 
 
 Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income available for common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. 
 
 Diluted earnings per common share is computed using the treasury stock method on the basis of the weighted-average number of shares of common stock plus the dilutive effect of potential common shares outstanding during the period. Dilutive potential common shares include outstanding stock options and restricted stock units. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the average number of stock options that were anti-dilutive and not included in diluted earnings per share calculations were , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the average number of restricted stock units that were anti-dilutive and not included in diluted earnings per share calculations were , and , respectively. 
 
 112 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 13. 
 
 . 
 
 As a global company serving consumers in more than countries and territories, the Company is routinely subject to a wide variety of legal proceedings. These include disputes relating to intellectual property, contracts, product liability, marketing, advertising, foreign exchange controls, antitrust and trade regulation, as well as labor and employment, pension, data privacy and security, environmental and tax matters and consumer class actions. Management proactively reviews and monitors the Company s exposure to, and the impact of, environmental matters. The Company is party to various environmental matters and, as such, may be responsible for all or a portion of the cleanup, restoration and post-closure monitoring of several sites. 
 
 The Company establishes accruals for loss contingencies when it has determined that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss, or range of loss, can be reasonably estimated. Any such accruals are adjusted thereafter as appropriate to reflect changes in circumstances. 
 
 The Company also determines estimates of reasonably possible losses or ranges of reasonably possible losses in excess of related accrued liabilities, if any, when it has determined that a loss is reasonably possible and it is able to determine such estimates. For those matters disclosed below for which the amount of any potential losses can be reasonably estimated, the Company currently estimates that the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses in excess of any accrued liabilities is to approximately (based on current exchange rates). The estimates included in this amount are based on the Company s analysis of currently available information and, as new information is obtained, these estimates may change. Due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and the unpredictability of outcomes of legal proceedings, any amounts accrued or included in this aggregate range may not represent the ultimate loss to the Company. Thus, the Company s exposure and ultimate losses may be higher or lower, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued or the range disclosed above. 
 
 Based on current knowledge, management does not believe that the ultimate resolution of loss contingencies arising from the matters discussed herein will have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or its ongoing results of operations or cash flows. However, in light of the inherent uncertainties noted above, an adverse outcome in one or more matters could be material to the Company s results of operations or cash flows for any particular quarter or year. 
 
 Brazilian Matters 
 
 There are certain tax and civil proceedings outstanding, as described below, related to the Company s 1995 acquisition of the Kolynos oral care business from Wyeth (the Seller ). 
 
 The Brazilian internal revenue authority has disallowed interest deductions and foreign exchange losses taken by the Company s Brazilian subsidiary for certain years in connection with the financing of the Kolynos acquisition. The tax assessments with interest, penalties and any court-mandated fees, at the current exchange rate, are approximately . This amount includes additional assessments received from the Brazilian internal revenue authority in April 2016 relating to net operating loss carryforwards used by the Company s Brazilian subsidiary to offset taxable income that had also been deducted from the authority s original assessments. The Company has been disputing the disallowances by appealing the assessments since October 2001. 
 
 In each of September 2015, February 2017, September 2018, April 2019 and August 2020, the Company lost an administrative appeal and subsequently challenged these assessments in the Brazilian federal courts. Currently, there are lawsuits pending in the Lower Federal Court, case has progressed to the Federal Court of Appeals and another case is expected to be remitted to the Federal Court of Appeals. Although there can be no assurances, 
 113 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 , at the current exchange rate, based on a claim that certain purchases of U.S. Treasury bills by the subsidiary and their subsequent disposition during the period 2000 to 2001 were subject to a tax on foreign exchange transactions. The Company had been disputing the assessment within the internal revenue authority s administrative appeals process. However, in November 2015, the Superior Chamber of Administrative Tax Appeals denied the Company s final administrative appeal, and the Company has filed a lawsuit in the Brazilian federal court. In the event the Company is unsuccessful in this lawsuit, further appeals are available within the Brazilian federal courts. Although there can be no assurances, management believes, based on the opinion of its Brazilian legal counsel, that the tax assessment is without merit and that the Company should ultimately prevail. The Company is challenging this assessment vigorously. 
 
 Competition Matter 
 
 Certain of the Company s subsidiaries were historically subject to actions and, in some cases, fines, by governmental authorities in a number of countries related to alleged competition law violations. Substantially all of these matters also involved other consumer goods companies and/or retail customers. The Company s policy is to comply with antitrust and competition laws and, if a violation of any such laws is found, to take appropriate remedial action and to cooperate fully with any related governmental inquiry. The status as of December 31, 2022 of such competition law matters pending against the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 is set forth below. 
 
 In July 2014, the Greek competition law authority issued a statement of objections alleging a restriction of parallel imports into Greece. The Company responded to this statement of objections. In July 2017, the Company received the decision from the Greek competition law authority in which the Company was fined . The Company appealed the decision to the Greek courts. In April 2019, the Greek courts affirmed the judgment against the Company s Greek subsidiary, but reduced the fine to and dismissed the case against Colgate-Palmolive Company. The Company s Greek subsidiary and the Greek competition authority have appealed the decision to the Greek Supreme Court. 
 
 114 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 individual cases pending against the Company in state and federal courts throughout the United States, as compared to cases as of December 31, 2021. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company lost an appeal in case that, in the second quarter of 2019, had resulted in an adverse jury verdict after a trial. The Company has filed a petition with the California Supreme Court seeking to further appeal the decision. During the year ended December 31, 2022, new cases were filed and cases were resolved by voluntary dismissal, settlement or dismissal by the court. The value of the settlements and the accrual with respect to the case that resulted in an adverse jury verdict in the years presented was not material, either individually or in the aggregate, to each such period s results of operations. 
 
 A significant portion of the Company s costs incurred in defending and resolving these claims has been, and the Company believes that a portion of the costs will continue to be, covered by insurance policies issued by several primary, excess and umbrella insurance carriers, subject to deductibles, exclusions, retentions, policy limits and insurance carrier insolvencies. 
 
 While the Company and its legal counsel believe that these cases are without merit and intend to challenge them vigorously, there can be no assurances regarding the ultimate resolution of these matters. 
 
 ERISA Matter 

115 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 14. 
 
 product segments: Oral, Personal and Home Care; and Pet Nutrition. 
 
 The operations of the Oral, Personal and Home Care product segment are managed geographically in reportable operating segments: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Africa/Eurasia. 
 
 The Company evaluates segment performance based on several factors, including Operating profit. The Company uses Operating profit as a measure of operating segment performance because it excludes the impact of Corporate-driven decisions related to interest expense and income taxes. 
 
 The accounting policies of the operating segments are generally the same as those described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. Intercompany sales have been eliminated. Corporate operations include costs related to stock options and restricted stock units, research and development costs, Corporate overhead costs, restructuring and related implementation charges and gains and losses on sales of non-core product lines and assets. The Company reports these items within Corporate operations as they relate to Corporate-based responsibilities and decisions and are not included in the internal measures of segment operating performance used by the Company to measure the underlying performance of the operating segments. 
 
 Approximately two-thirds of the Company s Net sales are generated from markets outside the U.S., with approximately of the Company s Net sales coming from emerging markets (which consist of Latin America, Asia (excluding Japan), Africa/Eurasia and Central Europe). Oral, Personal and Home Care sales to Walmart, Inc. and its affiliates represent approximately , and of the Company s Net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. No other customer represented more than 10 of Net sales in any period presented. 
 
 In 2022, Corporate Operating profit included goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges of , charges resulting from the 2022 Global Productivity Initiative of , a gain on the sale of land in Asia Pacific of and acquisition-related costs of . In 2021, Corporate Operating profit included goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges of , and a benefit of related to a value-added tax matter in Brazil. In 2020, Corporate Operating profit included benefits of resulting from the Global Growth and Efficiency Program and acquisition-related costs of . 
 Latin America Europe Asia Pacific Africa/Eurasia Total Oral, Personal and Home Care Pet Nutrition (2) 
 Total Net sales 
 _________ 
 (1) Net sales in the U.S. for Oral, Personal and Home Care were , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Net sales in the U.S. for Pet Nutrition were , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 116 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 Latin America Europe Asia Pacific Africa/Eurasia Total Oral, Personal and Home Care Pet Nutrition Corporate ) ) ) Total Operating profit 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Capital expenditures Oral, Personal and Home Care North America Latin America Europe Asia Pacific Africa/Eurasia Total Oral, Personal and Home Care Pet Nutrition Corporate Total Capital expenditures 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Depreciation and amortization Oral, Personal and Home Care North America Latin America Europe Asia Pacific Africa/Eurasia Total Oral, Personal and Home Care Pet Nutrition Corporate Total Depreciation and amortization 
 117 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 Latin America Europe Asia Pacific Africa/Eurasia Total Oral, Personal and Home Care Pet Nutrition Corporate (1) 
 Total Identifiable assets 
 ____________ 
 (1) In 2022, Corporate identifiable assets primarily consisted of investments in equity securities ). In 2021, Corporate identifiable assets primarily consisted of investments in equity securities and derivative instruments ). In 2020, Corporate identifiable assets primarily consisted of investments in equity securities ). 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Long-lived assets (1) 
 United States International Total Long-lived assets 
 ____________ 
 
 118 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 15. 
 
 or more options to renew the lease terms, purchase the leased property or terminate the lease. The exercise of these options is at the Company s discretion and is therefore recognized on the balance sheet when it is reasonably certain the Company will exercise such options. As the Company s leases typically do not contain a readily determinable implicit rate, the Company determines the present value of the lease liability using its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date. 
 
 Substantially all of the Company s leases are considered operating leases. Finance leases were not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Other accruals Other liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease commitments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease Income ) ) Total lease cost 
 
 Short-term lease cost represents the Company s cost with respect to leases with a duration of 12 months or less and is not reflected on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Variable lease costs are comprised of costs, such as the Company s proportionate share of actual costs for utilities, common area maintenance, property taxes and insurance, that are not included in the lease liability and are recognized in the period in which they are incurred. 
 
 119 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 and , respectively 
 Lease assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: and , respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted-average remaining lease term for operating leases was and years, respectively, and the weighted-average discount rate for operating leases was and , respectively. 

120 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 16. 
 
 ) Amortization of intangible assets Equity income ) ) ) Gains from marketable securities and other assets ) ) ) Indirect tax refunds ) ) Value-added tax matter in Brazil ) Acquisition-related costs 2022 Global Productivity Initiative Gain on the sale of land in Asia Pacific ) Other, net ) Total Other (income) expense, net 
 
 Interest capitalized ) ) ) Interest income ) ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt Total Interest (income) expense, net 
 
 Advertising 

121 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 17. 
 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total Inventories, net Non-current inventory, net ) ) Current Inventories, net 
 
 Inventories valued under LIFO amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The excess of current cost over LIFO cost at the end of each year was and , respectively. The liquidations of LIFO inventory quantities had no material effect on income in 2022, 2021 and 2020. Inventory classified as non-current at December 31, 2022 was recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Other assets. 
 
 Buildings Manufacturing machinery and equipment Other equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Accrued payroll and employee benefits Accrued taxes other than income taxes Restructuring accrual Pension and other retiree benefits Lease liabilities due in one year Accrued interest Derivatives Other Total Other accruals 
 
 Restructuring accrual Long-term lease liabilities Other Total Other liabilities 
 
 122 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

 18. ) ) ) ) ) Pension and other benefits: Net actuarial gain (loss), prior service costs and settlements during the period ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss, 
 transition and prior service costs (1) 
 Retirement Plan and other retiree benefit adjustments ) ) Cash flow hedges: Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) ) Reclassification of (gains) losses 
 into net earnings on cash flow 
 hedges (2) 
 ) ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) ) Total Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 _________ 
 (1) These components of Other comprehensive income (loss) are included in the computation of total pension cost. See Note 10, Retirement Plans and Other Retiree Benefits for additional details. 
 (2) These (gains) losses are reclassified into Cost of sales. See Note 7, Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments for additional details. 
 
 There were no tax impacts on Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Noncontrolling interests. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 and , respectively, and cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments of and , respectively. Foreign currency translation adjustments in 2022 primarily reflect losses from the euro, Indian rupee and Colombian peso. Foreign currency translation adjustments in 2021 primarily reflect losses from the euro, Brazilian real, Thailand baht and Turkish lira. 
 123 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets Year Ended December 31, 2021 Allowance for doubtful accounts and estimated returns 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets Year Ended December 31, 2020 Allowance for doubtful accounts and estimated returns 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

124 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 
 Market Information 

The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and its trading symbol is CL. 
 
 Stock Price Performance Graphs 
 
 The following graphs compare cumulative total shareholder returns on Colgate-Palmolive Company common stock against the S P Composite-500 Stock Index and a peer company index for the twenty-year, ten-year and five-year periods each ended December 31, 2022. The peer company index is comprised of consumer products companies that have both domestic and international businesses. For 2022, the peer company index consisted of Campbell Soup Company, The Clorox Company, The Coca-Cola Company, ConAgra Brands, Inc., The Estee Lauder Companies, Inc., General Mills, Inc., Johnson Johnson, Kellogg Company, Kimberly-Clark Corporation, The Kraft Heinz Company, Mondelez International, Inc., PepsiCo, Inc., The Procter Gamble Company, Reckitt Benckiser Group plc and Unilever PLC. 
 
 These performance graphs do not constitute soliciting material, are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not incorporated by reference in any of the Company s filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates these performance graphs by reference therein. 

125 

<EX-4.A>
 2
 exhibit4a12312022.htm
 EX-4.A

Document 

EXHIBIT 4(a) 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 As of February 16, 2023, Colgate-Palmolive Company, a Delaware corporation Colgate or the Company ), had five classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (i) common stock, par value 1.00 per share Common Stock ), (ii) the 0.500 Medium-Term Notes, Series H due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ), (iii) the 0.300 Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes ), (iv) the 1.375 Medium-Term Notes, Series H due 2034 (the 2034 Notes and (v) the 0.875 Medium-Term Notes, Series H due 2039 (the 2039 Notes and together with the 2026 Notes, the 2029 Notes and 2034 Notes, the Notes ). Each of the Company s securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Description of Common Stock 
 The following description of the Common Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation and the Company s By-laws, as amended and restated By-laws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL for additional information. 
 Authorized Capital Stock The Company s authorized capital stock consists of 2,050,262,150 shares, divided into 250,000 shares of Preferred Stock without par value Preferred Stock ), 12,150 shares of 3.00 Convertible Second Preferred Stock without par value 3.00 Convertible Second Preferred Stock ), 50,000,000 shares of Preference Stock without par value Preference Stock and 2,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock. There are no shares of Preferred Stock, 3.00 Convertible Second Preferred Stock or Preference Stock issued and outstanding. The outstanding shares of our Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Voting Rights The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters voted on by the stockholders, including the election of directors. Holders of Common Stock are not entitled to cumulative voting rights. 
 Dividend Rights Subject to the rights of holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and the 3.00 Convertible Second Preferred Stock, if any, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors in its discretion out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. 
 Board of Directors The Company s Board of Directors is not classified and each member is elected annually by majority vote in uncontested elections. Under the Company s by-laws, in uncontested elections for directors, if a nominee for director who is an incumbent director is not re-elected by a majority of the votes cast, the by-laws require the director to promptly tender his or her resignation to the Board of Directors. The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee will then consider the resignation and make a recommendation to the Board of Directors. Stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights in the elections of directors. 

Liquidation Rights Subject to the preferential rights of the Preferred Stock and the 3.00 Convertible Second Preferred Stock, all the remaining assets of the Company shall belong to and be distributable among the holders of Common Stock, except to the extent, if any, that the holders of Preferred Stock of any series or Preference Stock of any series may be entitled to participate therein. 
 Other Rights and Preferences The Common Stock has no sinking fund or redemption provisions or preemptive, conversion or exchange rights. 
 Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and Delaware Law 
 Certain provisions of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws described below may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of the Company 
 The Company is incorporated in Delaware and is thus subject to the provisions of the DGCL, including Section 203 of the DGCL regarding business combinations with an interested stockholder. 
 Additional shares Common Stock, Preferred Stock, 3.00 Convertible Second Preferred Stock or Preference Stock are available for issuance under our Certificate of Incorporation which under certain circumstances and with such terms and conditions as to impede a change of control. 
 Listing The Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol CL. 

Description of Notes 
 The following description of the 2026 Notes, 2029 Notes, 2034 Notes and 2039 Notes is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Indenture, dated as of November 15, 1992, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York), as Trustee (as amended through the date hereof, the Indenture ), which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as applicable, to the form 2039 Notes, which is filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on November 12, 2019, to the forms of the 2026 Notes and the 2034 Notes, which are filed as exhibits to the Form 8-A filed with the SEC on March 6, 2019 and to the form of the 2029 Notes, which is filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 10, 2021. The 2026 Notes, 2029 Notes, 2034 Notes and 2039 Notes are traded on The New York Stock Exchange under the bond trading symbols of CL26, CL29, CL34 and CL39, respectively. 
 The Notes 
 The Notes were issued under the Indenture, which provides that debt securities may be issued under the Indenture from time to time in one or more series. The Indenture does not limit the amount of debt, secured or unsecured, which the Company can issue. The Notes are unsecured and rank equally with our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company from time to time outstanding. The Company may issue additional debt securities at any time without your consent. 
 The 2026 Notes 
 The Company issued 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes on March 6, 2019. Interest on the Notes at a rate of 0.500 per annum is payable annually in arrears on March 6 of each year, commencing March 6, 2020. Unless earlier redeemed, the 2026 Notes will mature on March 6, 2026. As of February 16, 2023, 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes was outstanding. 
 The 2029 Notes 
 The Company issued 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes on November 10, 2021. Interest on the Notes at a rate of 0.300 per annum is payable annually in arrears on November 10 of each year, commencing November 10, 2022. Unless earlier redeemed, the 2029 Notes will mature on November 10, 2029. As of February 16, 2023, 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes was outstanding. 
 The 2034 Notes 
 The Company issued 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2034 Notes on March 6, 2019. Interest on the Notes at a rate of 1.375 per annum is payable annually in arrears on March 6 of each year, commencing March 6, 2020. Unless earlier redeemed, the 2034 Notes will mature on March 6, 2034. As of February 16, 2023, 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2034 Notes was outstanding. 
 The 2039 Notes 
 The Company issued 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2039 Notes on November 12, 2019. Interest on the Notes at a rate of 0.875 per annum is payable annually in arrears on November 12 of each year, 

commencing November 12, 2020. Unless earlier redeemed, the 2039 Notes will mature on November 12, 2039. As of February 16, 2023, 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2039 Notes was outstanding. 
 Interest and Interest Rates 
 Each interest-bearing note will bear interest from the date of issue at the rate per annum or, in the case of a floating rate note, pursuant to the interest rate formula, stated in the applicable note until the principal of the note is paid or made available for payment. Interest payments on the notes will equal the amount of interest accrued from and including the immediately preceding interest payment date in respect of which interest has been paid or made available for payment or from and including the date of issue, if no interest has been paid or made available for payment with respect to the note, to, but excluding, the related interest payment date or the applicable Maturity Date, as the case may be. 
 We will pay interest in arrears on each interest payment date specified in the applicable note on which an installment of interest is due and payable and on the applicable Maturity Date. We will pay interest to the persons in whose names the notes are registered as of the regular record date. However, interest that we pay on the applicable Maturity Date, if any, will be payable to the persons to whom the principal will be payable. If any note is originally issued between a regular record date and the related interest payment date, we will make the first payment of interest on that note on the interest payment date immediately following the next succeeding regular record date to the registered holder on that next succeeding regular record date. The regular record date will be the fifteenth calendar day, whether or not a Business Day (as defined in the applicable Note), immediately preceding the related interest payment date. 
 Issuance in Euro 
 Principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes and additional amounts, if any, will be payable in euro. 
 If euro is unavailable to us due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond our control or the euro is no longer used by the member states of the European Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in U.S. dollars until euro is again available to us or so used. The amount payable on any date in euro will be converted to U.S. dollars on the basis of the Market Exchange Rate (as defined below). Any payment in respect of the Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an event of default under the Indenture. Neither the Trustee nor the London Paying Agent shall be responsible for obtaining exchange rates, effecting conversions or otherwise handling redenominations. 
 Market Exchange Rate means the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent euro U.S. dollar exchange rate available on or prior to the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date, as reported by Bloomberg. 
 Optional Redemption 
 Prior to the applicable Par Call Date (as defined below), the Notes may be redeemed at our option, at any time, in whole, or from time to time, in part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of 

100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or 
 the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed assuming that the Notes being redeemed matured on the applicable Par Call Date (not including any portion of any payments of interest accrued to the redemption date), discounted to the redemption date on an annual basis (ACTUAL ACTUAL (ICMA)) at the applicable Comparable Government Bond Rate (as defined below), plus 15 basis points, in the case of the 2026 Notes, plus 10 basis points, in the case of the 2029 Notes, plus 20 basis points, in the case of the 2034 Notes or the 2039 Notes. 
 On or after the applicable Par Call Date, the Notes may be redeemed at our option, at any time, in whole, or from time to time, in part, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed. 
 In each case, we will pay accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes being redeemed that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture. 
 The Comparable Government Bond Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date and means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity calculated in accordance with customary financial practice in pricing new issues of comparable corporate debt securities paying interest on an annual basis (ACTUAL ACTUAL (ICMA)) of the applicable Comparable Government Bond, assuming a price for the applicable Comparable Government Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the applicable Comparable Government Bond Price for such date of redemption. 
 Calculation Agent means an independent investment banking or commercial banking institution of international standing appointed by us. 
 Comparable Government Bond means the Federal Republic of Germany government security or securities selected by one of the Reference Government Bond Dealers appointed by us as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the applicable tranche of Notes assuming such tranche matured on the applicable Par Call Date that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of euro-denominated corporate debt securities of a maturity comparable to the remaining term of such tranche of Notes assuming such tranche matured on the applicable Par Call Date. 
 Comparable Government Bond Price means, with respect to any redemption date, (A) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
 Par Call Date means (i) with respect to the 2026 Notes, January 6, 2026 (two months prior to the maturity date of the 2026 Notes), (ii) with respect to the 2029 Notes, August 10, 2029 (three prior to the maturity date of the 2029 Notes), (iii) with respect to the 2034 Notes, December 6, 2033 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 

2034 Notes) and (iv) with respect to the 2039 Notes, May 12, 2039 (six months prior to the maturity date of the 2039 Notes). 
 Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of four banks selected by us, which are (A) primary European government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
 Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond Dealer and any redemption date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the applicable Comparable Government Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) at 11 00 a.m., Central European Time (CET), on the third Business Day preceding such date for redemption quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
 Notice of redemption will be mailed at least 15 days (or in the case of the 2029 Notes, 10 days) but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of record of the applicable Notes to be redeemed at its registered address, provided that while the applicable Notes are represented by one or more global Notes, notice of redemption may, at our option, instead be given to holders of applicable Notes (and beneficial interests therein) in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of Euroclear and Clearstream. The notice of redemption for the applicable Notes will state, among other things, the amount of the applicable Notes to be redeemed, the redemption date, and the redemption price and the place or places that payment will be made upon presentation and surrender of the applicable Notes to be redeemed. Unless we default in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on any Notes that have been called for redemption at the redemption date. If less than all of the applicable Notes of a tranche are to be redeemed, the Notes of such tranche to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with applicable depositary procedures provided, however, that no Notes of a principal amount of 100,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. 
 The Notes are also subject to redemption prior to maturity if certain changes in U.S. tax law occur. If such changes occur, the Notes may be redeemed at a redemption price of 100 of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. See Redemption for Tax Reasons. 
 Redemption for Tax Reasons 
 If we have or will become obliged to pay additional amounts (as described below under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein affecting taxation, or any change in official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of the applicable pricing supplement or prospectus supplement, and we determine that such obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures then available to us, we may, at our option, at any time, having giving not less than 15 days (or in the case of the 2029 Notes, 10 days) nor more than 60 days prior written notice to Holders, redeem, in whole, but not in part, the the 2026 Notes, the 2029 Notes, the 2034 Notes or the 2039 Notes at a redemption price equal to 100 of their principal amount, together with unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes being redeemed accrued to but excluding the redemption date, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which we would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect to the applicable tranche of Notes were due on such date. Prior to the transmission or publication of such a notice of redemption, we shall deliver to the Trustee a 

certificate signed by two executive officers of the Company stating that we are entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to our right to so redeem the Notes has occurred. 
 Payment of Additional Amounts 
 We will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional amounts to a holder of a Note that is a United States Alien (as defined below) such amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment on such Note after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge of whatever nature imposed upon or as a result of such payment by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein), will not be less than the amount provided for in such Note to be then due and payable. However, we will not be required to make any payment of additional amounts for or on account of 
 a) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for (i) the existence of any present or former connection between such holder (or between a fiduciary, settlor or beneficiary of, or a person holding a power over, such holder, if such holder is an estate or a trust, or a member or shareholder of such holder, if such holder is a partnership or corporation) and the United States, including, without limitation, such holder (or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident or treated as a resident thereof or being or having been engaged in trade or business or present therein or having or having had a permanent establishment therein, or (ii) the presentation by the holder of a Note for payment more than 15 days after the date on which such payment became due and payable or on which payment thereof was duly provided for, whichever occurs later 
 b) any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or any similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge 
 c) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for such holder s past or present status as a controlled foreign corporation, passive foreign investment company (including a qualified election fund) or foreign private foundation or other tax exempt organization with respect to the United States or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid United States Federal income tax 
 d) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by deduction or withholding from a payment on a Note 
 e) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld by any paying agent from any payment on a Note, if such payment can be made without such deduction or withholding by any other paying agent 
 f) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the holder s failure to comply with any applicable certification, information, documentation or other reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of a Note if, without regard to any tax treaty, such compliance is required by statute or regulation of the United States as a precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge 
 g) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the holder (i) owning or having owned, directly or indirectly, actually or constructively, 10 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company entitled to vote, (ii) receiving interest described in Section 

881(c)(3)(A) of the United States Internal Revenue Code or (iii) being a controlled foreign corporation with respect to the United States that is related to the Company by actual or constructive stock ownership 
 h) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed on a payment pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code (FATCA), any Treasury regulations and official interpretations thereof, and any regulations or official law, agreement or interpretations thereof implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or 
 i) any combination of items (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) (g) and (h) 
 nor shall such additional amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a holder that is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner would not have been entitled to the additional amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the holder of such Note. 
 For purposes of the foregoing, the holding of or the receipt of any payment with respect to a Note shall not constitute a connection between the holder (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of, or a person having power over, such holder if such holder is an estate, a trust, a partnership or a corporation) and the United States. 
 The term United States Alien means any person who, for United States Federal income tax purposes, is a foreign corporation, a non-resident alien individual, a non-resident alien fiduciary of a foreign estate or trust, or a foreign partnership one or more of the members of which is, for United States Federal income tax purposes, a foreign corporation, a nonresident alien individual or a non-resident alien fiduciary of a foreign estate or trust. 
 Further Issuances 
 We may, from time to time, without the consent of or notice to existing holders of the Notes, create and issue further debt securities having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects, except for issue date, issue price and, to the extent applicable, the first payment of interest and the initial interest accrual date. Additional debt securities issued in this manner will be consolidated with and will form a single tranche or series of debt securities with the related previously outstanding applicable tranche or series of Notes provided, however, that the issuance of such additional Notes will not be so consolidated for United States federal income tax purposes unless such issuance constitutes a qualified reopening within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Book-Entry Delivery and Settlement 
 The Notes of each tranche or series will be issued in the form of one or more global Notes in fully registered form, without coupons, and will be deposited with, or on behalf of, a common depositary for, and in respect of interests held through, Euroclear and Clearstream. Except as described herein, certificates will not be issued in exchange for beneficial interests in the global Notes. 
 Except as set forth below, the global Notes may be transferred, in whole and not in part, only to Euroclear or Clearstream or their respective nominees. 
 Beneficial interests in the global Notes will be represented, and transfers of such beneficial interests will be effected, through accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct or indirect 

participants in Euroclear or Clearstream. Those beneficial interests will be in denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. Investors may hold Notes directly through Euroclear or Clearstream, if they are participants in such systems, or indirectly through organizations that are participants in such systems. 
 Owners of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not be entitled to have Notes registered in their names, and, except as described herein, will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of Notes in certificated form. So long as the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or its nominee is the registered owner of the global Notes, the common depositary for all purposes will be considered the sole holder of the Notes represented by the global Notes under the Indenture and the global Notes. Except as provided below, beneficial owners will not be considered the owners or holders of the Notes under the Indenture, including for purposes of receiving any reports delivered by us or the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. Accordingly, each beneficial owner must rely on the procedures of the clearing systems and, if such person is not a participant of the clearing systems, on the procedures of the participant through which such person owns its interest, to exercise any rights of a holder under the Indenture. Under existing industry practices, if we request any action of holders or a beneficial owner desires to give or take any action which a holder is entitled to give or take under the Indenture, the clearing systems would authorize their participants holding the relevant beneficial interests to give or take action and the participants would authorize beneficial owners owning through the participants to give or take such action or would otherwise act upon the instructions of beneficial owners. Conveyance of notices and other communications by the clearing systems to their participants, by the participants to indirect participants and by the participants and indirect participants to beneficial owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of such securities in certificated form. These limits and laws may impair the ability to transfer beneficial interests in global Notes. 
 Exchange of Global Notes for Certificated Notes 
 Subject to certain conditions, the Notes represented by the global Notes are exchangeable for certificated Notes in definitive form of like tenor in minimum denominations of 100,000 principal amount and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof if 
 (1) we have been notified that both Clearstream and Euroclear have been closed for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available 
 (2) we, at our option, notify the Trustee in writing that we elect to cause the issuance of certificated Notes in definitive form or 
 (3) there has occurred and is continuing an Event of Default with respect to the Notes. 
 In all cases, certificated Notes in definitive form delivered in exchange for any global Note or beneficial interest therein will be registered in the names, and issued in any approved denominations, requested by or on behalf of the common depositary (in accordance with its customary procedures). 
 Payments (including principal and interest) and transfers with respect to Notes in certificated form may be executed at the office or agency maintained for such purpose in London (initially the corporate trust office of the 

London Paying Agent) or, at our option, by check mailed to the holders thereof at the respective addresses set forth in the register of holders of the Notes, provided that all payments (including principal and interest) on Notes in certificated form, for which the holders thereof have given wire transfer instructions at least ten calendar days prior to the applicable payment date, will be required to be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the holders thereof. No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer, but payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge payable in connection with that registration may be required. 
 Indenture Provisions 
 Merger and Consolidation 
 We may consolidate or merge with or into any other corporation, and we may sell, lease or convey all or substantially all of our assets to any corporation, provided that 
 the resulting corporation, if other than Colgate, is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or any U.S. state or the District of Columbia and assumes all of our obligations to 
 1) pay or deliver the principal of or any premium, interest or additional amounts on the debt securities and 
 2) perform and observe all of our other obligations under the Indenture, and 
 we or any successor corporation, as the case may be, are not, immediately after any such consolidation, merger or sale of assets, in default under the indenture. 
 Modification and Waiver 
 We and the trustee may, without the consent of holders, modify provisions of the Indenture for specified purposes, including, among other things, curing ambiguities and correcting inconsistencies. We and the trustee may modify and amend other provisions of the Indenture with the consent of holders of at least a majority in principal amount of each series of debt securities affected. However, the consent of each holder of any debt security affected must be obtained if the amendment or modification 
 changes the stated maturity of the principal of, or any premium or installment of interest or additional amounts on, any debt security 
 reduces the principal amount due and payable at maturity or upon acceleration of maturity of, or the rate of interest or additional amounts payable on, or any premium payable on redemption or otherwise on, any debt security 
 adversely affects any right of repayment at the option of the holders 
 changes the place of delivery of, or currency of, the payment of principal or any premium, interest or additional amounts on any debt security or impairs the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment or delivery 
 reduces the percentage in principal amount or aggregate issue price of the outstanding debt securities of any series, the consent of whose holders is required to modify or amend the Indenture or 
 modifies the foregoing requirements or reduces the percentage to less than a majority in principal amount of outstanding debt securities necessary to waive certain past defaults by Colgate under the Indenture. 

The holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may, with respect to that series, waive past defaults under the Indenture and waive our compliance with certain provisions of the Indenture, except as described below under Events of Default. 
 Events of Default 
 Except as otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, each of the following constitutes an event of default with respect to each series of debt securities issued under the Indenture 
 default in the payment of any interest or additional amounts when due and continuing for 30 days 
 default in the payment of any principal or premium when due and payable at maturity 
 default in the payment of any sinking fund payment when due 
 default in the performance, or breach, of any other obligation of ours under the Indenture, or under provisions of a series of debt securities that are applicable to all series of debt securities, and continuance of the default for 60 days after we are given written notice of the default as provided in the Indenture 
 specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of Colgate and 
 any other event of default with respect to debt securities of that series. 
 If an event of default occurs and is continuing for any series of debt securities, the trustee or the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series may declare the principal of all the debt securities of that series, or any lesser amount provided for in the debt securities of that series, due and payable immediately. At any time after such a declaration of acceleration with respect to the debt securities of any series has been made, but before the trustee has obtained a judgment or decree for payment of the money due, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series by written notice may rescind any declaration of acceleration and its consequences, provided that all payments and or deliveries due, other than those due as a result of acceleration, have been made and all other events of default have been remedied or waived. 
 The holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may waive an event of default with respect to that series, except a default 
 in the payment of any amounts due and payable or deliverable under the debt securities of that series or 
 in respect of an obligation of ours contained in, or a provision of, the Indenture which cannot be modified under the terms of the Indenture without the consent of each holder of outstanding debt securities affected. 
 The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of a series may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee with respect to debt securities of that series, provided that the direction is not in conflict with any rule of law, the Indenture or the debt securities of that series. The trustee must, within 90 days after a default occurs notify the holders of the applicable series of debt securities of the default, unless the default is cured or waived. The trustee may withhold notice of default, except default in payment of principal, any premium, interest or sinking fund payment, if it determines that it is in the interest of the holders to do so. Before proceeding to exercise any right or power under the Indenture at the direction of the holders, the trustee is entitled to receive from those holders reasonable security or indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in complying with any such direction. 

Unless otherwise stated in the prospectus supplement, any series of debt securities issued under the Indenture will not have the benefit of any cross-default provisions with other indebtedness of our company. 
 We will be required to furnish to the trustee annually a statement as to our performance of all of our obligations and conditions under the Indenture. 
 Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 
 We at any time may terminate as to a series of debt securities all of our obligations (except for certain obligations regarding the defeasance trust and obligations to register the transfer or exchange of a debt security, to replace destroyed, lost or stolen debt securities and any related coupons and to maintain agencies with respect to the debt securities) arising under the Indenture and the debt securities and coupons of that series. This option of ours is called a legal defeasance. We at any time may terminate as to a series of debt securities, among other obligations, our obligations arising under the covenant described under Limitations Upon Liens below. This option of ours is called a covenant defeasance. 
 We may exercise our legal defeasance option with respect to a series of debt securities even if we have previously exercised our covenant defeasance option in regard to that series of debt securities. If we exercise our legal defeasance option with respect to a series of debt securities, that series may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default. If we exercise our covenant defeasance option with respect to a series of debt securities, that series may not be accelerated on the basis of breaches of the defeased covenant. 
 To exercise either option as to a series of debt securities, we must deposit in trust with the trustee cash or United States government obligations sufficient to pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the debt securities of that series at their maturity or redemption and must comply with other specified conditions. In particular, we must obtain an opinion of tax counsel that the defeasance will not result in recognition for United States Federal income tax purposes of any gain or loss to holders of the series of debt securities. The opinion of tax counsel, in the case of legal defeasance, must refer to and be based upon a ruling of the Internal Revenue Service or a change in applicable United States Federal income tax law occurring after the date of the Indenture. 
 Limitations Upon Liens 
 The debt securities will not be secured by any mortgage, pledge or other lien. Unless a prospectus supplement with respect to a particular series of debt securities states otherwise, the covenants described below will apply to each series of debt securities. 
 We covenant in the Indenture not to create or suffer to exist, or permit any of our Principal Domestic Subsidiaries to create or suffer to exist, any Lien on any Restricted Property, whether owned on the date of the Indenture or thereafter acquired, without making effective provision (and we covenant and agree in the Indenture that we will make or cause to be made effective provision) whereby the debt securities shall be directly secured by such Lien equally and ratably with (or prior to) all other indebtedness secured by such Lien as long as such other indebtedness shall be so secured provided, however, that there shall be excluded from the foregoing restrictions 
 Liens securing Debt not exceeding 10,000,000 which are existing on the date of the Indenture on Restricted Property and, if any property owned or leased as of the date of the indenture by us or one of our Principal Domestic Subsidiaries at any time thereafter becomes a Principal Domestic Manufacturing 

Property, any Liens existing on the date of the Indenture on such property securing the Debt secured or evidenced thereby on the date of the Indenture 
 Liens on Restricted Property of a Principal Domestic Subsidiary as a security for Debt of such Subsidiary to us or to another Principal Domestic Subsidiary 
 in the case of any corporation which becomes a Principal Domestic Subsidiary after the date of the Indenture, Liens on Restricted Property of such Principal Domestic Subsidiary which are in existence at the time it becomes a Principal Domestic Subsidiary and which were not incurred in contemplation of it becoming a Principal Domestic Subsidiary 
 any Lien existing prior to the time of acquisition of any Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property acquired by us or one of our Principal Domestic Subsidiaries after the date of the Indenture through purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise 
 any Lien on any Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property (other than a Major Domestic Manufacturing Property) acquired or constructed by our company or a Principal Domestic Subsidiary after the date of the Indenture which is placed on such Property at the time of or within 180 days after the acquisition thereof or prior to, at the time of or within 180 days after completion of construction thereof to secure all or a portion of the price of such acquisition or construction or funds borrowed to pay all or a portion of the price of such acquisition or construction 
 extensions, renewals or replacements of any Lien referred to in the first, third, fourth or fifth bullet points above to the extent that the principal amount of the Debt secured or evidenced thereby is not increased, provided that the Lien is not extended to any other Restricted Property 
 Liens imposed by law, such as carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, vendors and landlords liens, and liens arising out of judgments or awards against us or any of our Principal Domestic Subsidiaries with respect to which we or such Subsidiary at the time shall currently be prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review and with respect to which it shall have secured a stay of execution pending such appeal or proceedings for review 
 Liens securing the payment of taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies, either (1) not delinquent or (2) being contested in good faith by appropriate legal or administrative proceedings and as to which we or a Principal Domestic Subsidiary, as the case may be, to the extent required by generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis, shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves 
 minor survey exceptions, minor encumbrances, easements or reservations of, or rights of others for, rights of way, sewers, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other similar purposes and zoning or other restrictions as to the use of any Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property, which exceptions, encumbrances, easements, reservations, rights and restrictions do not, in our opinion, in the aggregate materially detract from the value of such Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property or materially impair its use in the operation of our business and that of our Principal Domestic Subsidiaries and 
 any Lien on Restricted Property not referred to above if, at the time such Lien is created, incurred, assumed or suffered to be created, incurred or assumed, and after giving effect thereto and to the Debt secured or evidenced thereby, the aggregate amount of all our outstanding Debt together with that of our Principal Domestic Subsidiaries secured or evidenced by Liens on Restricted Property which are not referred to above and which do not equally and ratably secure the debt securities, shall not exceed 15 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means the aggregate amount of assets (less applicable reserves and other properly deductible items) after deducting therefrom (1) all current liabilities and (2) all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like intangibles of ours and our consolidated subsidiaries, all as set forth on the most recent balance sheet of ours and our consolidated subsidiaries prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as practiced in the United States. 
 Debt means (1) indebtedness for borrowed money, (2) obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (3) obligations to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than accounts payable in the ordinary course of business), (4) obligations as a lessee under leases which shall have been or should be, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, recorded as capital leases, and (5) obligations under direct or indirect guaranties in respect of, and obligations (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss in respect of, indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (1) through (4) above. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary a majority of the business of which is conducted within the United States of America, or a majority of the properties and assets of which are located within the United States of America, except any Subsidiary whose assets consist substantially of the securities of Subsidiaries which are not Domestic Subsidiaries. 
 Instruments of any corporation means and includes (1) all capital stock of all classes of and all other equity interests in such corporation and all rights, options or warrants to acquire the same, and (2) all promissory notes, debentures, bonds and other evidences of Debt of such corporation. 
 Lien means any mortgage, lien, pledge, security interest, encumbrance or charge of any kind, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or any lease in the nature thereof, provided that the term Lien shall not include any lease involved in a sale and lease-back transaction. 
 Major Domestic Manufacturing Property means any Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property the net depreciated book value of which on the date as of which the determination is made exceeds 3 of the Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 
 Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property means any building, structure or facility (including the land on which it is located and the improvements and fixtures constituting a part thereof) used primarily for manufacturing or processing which is owned or leased by us or any of our Subsidiaries, is located in the United States of America and the net depreciated book value of which on the date as of which the determination is made exceeds 1 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets, except any such building, structure or facility which our Board of Directors by resolution declares is not of material importance to the total business conducted by us and our Subsidiaries as an entirety. 
 Principal Domestic Subsidiary means (1) each Subsidiary which owns or leases a Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property, (2) each Domestic Subsidiary the consolidated net worth of which exceeds 3 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets (as set forth in the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to the Indenture) and (3) each Domestic Subsidiary of each Subsidiary referred to in the foregoing clause (1) or (2) 

except any such Subsidiary the accounts receivable and inventories of which have an aggregate net book value of less than 5,000,000. 
 Restricted Property means and includes (1) all Principal Domestic Manufacturing Properties, (2) all Instruments of all Principal Domestic Subsidiaries and (3) all inventories and accounts receivable of ours and our Principal Domestic Subsidiaries. 
 Subsidiary means any Corporation of which at the time of determination we or one or more of our Subsidiaries owns or controls directly or indirectly more than 50 of the shares of Voting Stock. 
 Voting Stock means stock of a Corporation of the class or classes having general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the board of directors, managers or trustees of such Corporation, provided that, for this purpose, stock which carries only the right to vote conditionally on the happening of an event shall not be considered voting stock whether or not such event shall have happened. 
 Other capitalized terms used but not defined shall have the meaning given those terms in the Indenture. 
 The Trustee for the Notes 
 The Bank of New York Mellon serves as trustee under the Indenture and is the security registrar and paying agent with respect to the debt securities. 
 The Indenture contains certain limitations on the right of the trustee, should it become a creditor of ours, to obtain payment of claims in certain cases, or to realize on certain property received in respect of any such claim as security or otherwise. The trustee is permitted to engage in other transactions with us provided, however, that if the trustee acquires any conflicting interest it must eliminate such conflict or resign. We have banking relationships with The Bank of New York Mellon and certain of its affiliates. 
 Governing Law 
 The Indenture and the debt securities are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

</EX-4.A>

<EX-10.I>
 3
 colgate-palmolive_credit.htm
 EX-10.I

colgate-palmolive_credit 

EXECUTION COPY ______________________________________________________________________________ AMENDED AND RESTATED FIVE YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of November 4, 2022 Among COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY as Borrower THE BANKS NAMED HEREIN as Banks BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. BNP PARIBAS HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Co-Syndication Agents CITIBANK, N.A. as Administrative Agent and CITIBANK, N.A. as Arranger ______________________________________________________________________________ 

2 TABLE OF CONTENTS Section Page ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms ......................................................................................... 5 SECTION 1.02. Computation of Time Periods ............................................................................ 23 SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms .............................................................................................. 23 SECTION 1.04. Divisions ............................................................................................................ 23 SECTION 1.05. Rates ................................................................................................................... 23 ARTICLE II AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES SECTION 2.01. The Revolving Credit Advances ........................................................................ 24 SECTION 2.02. Making the Revolving Credit Advances ............................................................ 24 SECTION 2.03. Facility Fees ....................................................................................................... 27 SECTION 2.04. Termination or Reduction of the Commitments ................................................ 27 SECTION 2.05. Repayment of Advances .................................................................................... 28 SECTION 2.06. Interest on Revolving Credit Advances and Swing Line Advances .................. 28 SECTION 2.07. Additional Interest on Term Rate Advances ...................................................... 29 SECTION 2.08. Interest Rate Determination ............................................................................... 29 SECTION 2.09. Prepayments of Advances .................................................................................. 30 SECTION 2.10. Increased Costs, Etc. .......................................................................................... 31 SECTION 2.11. Payments and Computations .............................................................................. 32 SECTION 2.12. Taxes .................................................................................................................. 34 SECTION 2.13. Sharing of Payments, Etc. .................................................................................. 37 SECTION 2.14. Increase in the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments .............................. 38 SECTION 2.15. Extension of Termination Date .......................................................................... 40 SECTION 2.16. Evidence of Debt ................................................................................................ 42 SECTION 2.17. Defaulting Lenders ............................................................................................. 43 SECTION 2.18. Replacement of Lenders ..................................................................................... 44 SECTION 2.19. Benchmark Replacement Setting ....................................................................... 45 SECTION 2.20. Swing Line Advances ........................................................................................ 49 ARTICLE III CONDITIONS OF LENDING SECTION 3.01. Precedent to Effectiveness of Sections 2.01 and 2.20........................................ 51 SECTION 3.02. Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing, Commitment Increase and Extension Date .................................................................................................................. 52 SECTION 3.03. Determinations Under Section 3.01 ................................................................... 53 ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

3 SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower .............................................. 53 ARTICLE V COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER SECTION 5.01. Affirmative Covenants ....................................................................................... 56 SECTION 5.02. Negative Covenants ........................................................................................... 58 ARTICLE VI EVENTS OF DEFAULT SECTION 6.01. Events of Default ............................................................................................... 61 ARTICLE VII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT SECTION 7.01. Appointment and Authority ............................................................................... 63 SECTION 7.02. Rights as a Lender .............................................................................................. 63 SECTION 7.03. Exculpatory Provisions ...................................................................................... 63 SECTION 7.04. Reliance by Administrative Agent ..................................................................... 64 SECTION 7.05. Indemnification .................................................................................................. 65 SECTION 7.06. Delegation of Duties .......................................................................................... 65 SECTION 7.07. Resignation of Administrative Agent ................................................................ 65 SECTION 7.08. Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders .............................. 66 SECTION 7.09. No Other Duties, etc........................................................................................... 67 SECTION 7.10. Certain ERISA Matters ...................................................................................... 67 SECTION 7.11. Erroneous Payments ........................................................................................... 68 ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS SECTION 8.01. Amendments, Etc. .............................................................................................. 71 SECTION 8.02. Notices, Etc. ....................................................................................................... 72 SECTION 8.03. No Waiver; Remedies ........................................................................................ 74 SECTION 8.04. Costs, Expenses, Etc. ......................................................................................... 74 SECTION 8.05. Right of Set-off .................................................................................................. 75 SECTION 8.06. Binding Effect; Assignment by Borrower ......................................................... 75 SECTION 8.07. Assignments and Participations ......................................................................... 77 SECTION 8.08. Change of Control .............................................................................................. 81 SECTION 8.09. Mitigation of Adverse Circumstances ............................................................... 82 SECTION 8.10. Governing Law .................................................................................................. 82 SECTION 8.11. Execution in Counterparts .................................................................................. 82 SECTION 8.12. Jurisdiction, Etc. ................................................................................................. 82 SECTION 8.13. Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality ............................................ 83 SECTION 8.14. Patriot Act Notification ...................................................................................... 84 SECTION 8.15. No Fiduciary Duties ........................................................................................... 84 SECTION 8.16. Judgment ............................................................................................................ 84 

4 SECTION 8.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions......................................................................................................................... 85 SECTION 8.18. Waiver of Jury Trial ........................................................................................... 86 Schedule I Revolving Credit Commitments and Swing Line Commitments Schedule 4.01(f) - Disclosed Litigation Exhibit A - Form of Note Exhibit B - Notice of Borrowing Exhibit C - Assignment and Assumption Exhibit D - Form of Guaranty Exhibit E - Form of Assumption Agreement Exhibit F-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Exhibit F-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Exhibit F-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Exhibit F-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

5 AMENDED AND RESTATED FIVE YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of November 4, 2022 COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the banks and other financial institutions (the Banks listed on the signature pages hereof, Citibank, N.A. Citibank ), as arranger, Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-syndication agents, and Citibank, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent for the Lenders (as hereinafter defined), agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Administrative Agent s Account means (a) in the case of Advances denominated in Dollars, the account of the Administrative Agent, maintained by the Administrative Agent at Citibank, N.A. with its office at Building Ops II, One Penns Way, New Castle, Delaware 19720, account no. 36852248, Attention: Bank Loan Syndications, (b) in the case of Advances denominated in Euro, the account of the Administrative Agent designated in writing from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the Lenders for such purpose and (c) in any such case, such other account of the Administrative Agent as is designated in writing from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the Lenders for such purpose. Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent and completed by Lenders specifying their Applicable Lending Office, among other information. Advance means a Revolving Credit Advance or a Swing Line Advance. Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or is a director or officer of such Person. 

6 Anniversary Date means November 4, 2023 and November 4 in each succeeding calendar year occurring during the term of this Agreement. Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery, money laundering or corruption. Applicable Lending Office means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s lending office specified as its Lending Office in its Administrative Questionnaire delivered to the Administrative Agent or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. It is acknowledged and agreed that any Lender may have one or more Applicable Lending Offices with respect to Advances of any Type made or to be made to the Borrower. Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee, and accepted by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto. Assuming Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(d). Assumption Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(d)(ii). Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means: (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule; and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bank means any one of the Banks. Base Rate means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the highest of: 

7 (a) the rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank in New York, New York, from time to time, as Citibank s base rate; (b) of one percent per annum above the Federal Funds Rate; and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00 . Base Rate Advance means a Revolving Credit Advance denominated in Dollars which bears interest as provided in Section 2.06(a). Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Borrower has the meaning specified in the preamble. Borrowing means a Revolving Credit Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing. Borrowing Minimum means, in respect of Advances denominated in Dollars, 10,000,000 and, in respect of Advances denominated in Euro, 10,000,000. Borrowing Multiple means, in respect of Advances denominated in Dollars, 1,000,000 and, in respect of Advances denominated in Euro, 1,000,000. Borrowing Subsidiary has the meaning specified in Section 8.06(b). Business Day means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized to close in New York City and, for any Advances denominated in Euro, on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer TARGET System is open. Change of Control has the meaning specified in Section 8.08(b). Closing Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.01. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. Commitments means the Revolving Credit Commitments and the Swing Line Commitments. Commitment Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(b). Commitment Increase has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and Adjusted Term SOFR, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 

8 changes to the definition of Adjusted Term SOFR, the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, the definition of Term SOFR, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, the formula for calculating any successor rates identified pursuant to the definition of Benchmark Replacement , the formula, methodology or convention for applying the successor Floor to the successor Benchmark Replacement and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines following consultation with Borrower may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement or Adjusted Term SOFR and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines following consultation with Borrower that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement or Adjusted Term SOFR exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. Consenting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b). Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means the aggregate amount of assets (less applicable reserves and other properly deductible items) after deducting therefrom (i) all current liabilities and (ii) all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like intangibles of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries, all as set forth on the most recent balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Consolidated Subsidiary means at any date any Subsidiary or other entity the accounts of which would, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, be included with those of the Borrower in its consolidated financial statements as of such date. date hereof means November 4, 2022. Debt means (i) indebtedness for borrowed money, (ii) obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (iii) obligations to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than accounts payable in the ordinary course of business), (iv) obligations as lessee under leases which shall have been or should be, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, recorded as capital leases, and (v) obligations under direct or indirect guaranties in respect of, and obligations 

9 (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss in respect of, indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) above. Default means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or both. Defaulting Lender means at any time, subject to Section 2.17(d), (i) any Lender that has failed for two or more Business Days to comply with its obligations under this Agreement to make an Advance, fund any portion of its participations in Swing Line Advances or make any other payment due hereunder (each, a funding obligation ), unless such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding has not been satisfied (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, will be specifically identified in such writing), (ii) any Lender that has notified the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in writing, or has stated publicly, that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, unless such writing or statement states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding has not been satisfied (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, will be specifically identified in such writing or public statement), (iii) any Lender that has notified, or whose Parent Company has notified, the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in writing, or has stated publicly, that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under loan agreements or credit agreements generally, (iv) any Lender that has, for two or more Business Days after written request of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, failed to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (iv) upon the Administrative Agent s and the Borrower s receipt of such written confirmation), or (v) any Lender with respect to which a Lender Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Lender or its Parent Company; provided that a Lender Insolvency Event shall not be deemed to occur with respect to a Lender or its Parent Company solely as a result of the acquisition or maintenance of an ownership interest in such Lender or Parent Company by a governmental authority or instrumentality thereof where such action does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such governmental authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent (or if the Administrative Agent is subject of any events described in clause (v) of the immediately preceding sentence, by the Borrower or the Required Lenders) that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any of clauses (i) through (v) above will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender will be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.17(d)) upon notification of such determination by the Administrative Agent (or the Required Lenders or the Borrower, as the case may be) to the Borrower and the Lenders. 

10 Disclosed Litigation has the meaning specified in Section 4.01(f). Dollars and the sign each means lawful currency of the United States of America. Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary a majority of the business of which is conducted within the United States of America, or a majority of the properties and assets of which are located within the United States of America, except (i) any Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which consist of the securities of Subsidiaries which are not Domestic Subsidiaries, (ii) any Subsidiary which is an FSC as defined in Section 922 of the Code and (iii) any Subsidiary for any period during which an election under Section 936 of the Code applies to such Subsidiary. EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Environmental Action means any administrative, regulatory or judicial action, suit, demand, demand letter, claim, notice of non-compliance or violation, investigation, proceeding, consent order or consent agreement relating in any way to any Environmental Law or Hazardous Materials or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury to the environment including, without limitation, (a) by any governmental or regulatory authority for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages and (b) by any governmental or regulatory authority or any third party for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief. Environmental Law means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, judgment, decree or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or guidance relating to the environment or Hazardous Materials and applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or any property owned or operated by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Borrower or such Subsidiary or property is located. Equivalent in Dollars of Euro on any date means the equivalent in Dollars of Euro determined by using the quoted spot rate at which the Administrative Agent s 

11 principal office in London offers to exchange Dollars for Euro in London at approximately 4:00 P.M. (London time) (unless otherwise indicated by the terms of this Agreement) on such date as is required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and the Equivalent in Euro of Dollars means the equivalent in Euro of Dollars determined by using the quoted spot rate at which the Administrative Agent s principal office in London offers to exchange Euro for Dollars in London at approximately 4:00 P.M. (London time) (unless otherwise indicated by the terms of this Agreement) on such date as is required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. ERISA Affiliate means any Person (other than a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof) that for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of the Borrower s controlled group, or under common control with the Borrower, within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code. ERISA Event means (a) the occurrence of a reportable event, within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, with respect to any Plan unless the 30-day notice requirement with respect to such event has been waived by the PBGC; (b) the provision by the administrator of any Plan of a notice of intent to terminate such Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA (including any such notice with respect to a plan amendment referred to in Section 4041(e) of ERISA); (c) the cessation of operations at a facility of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates in the circumstances described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (d) the withdrawal by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year for which it was a substantial employer, as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (e) the imposition of a lien on the assets of the Borrower pursuant to Section 303(k) of ERISA with respect to a Plan; or (f) a determination that any Plan is in at risk status (within the meaning of Section 303 of ERISA) (g) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Plan, pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or condition described in Section 4042 of ERISA that would reasonably be expected to constitute grounds for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, a Plan. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. EURIBO Rate means, for each Interest Period for each Term Rate Advance comprising part of the same Borrowing denominated in Euro, the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) for such Interest Period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on the applicable Bloomberg screen (or any successor to or substitute for Bloomberg, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided by Bloomberg, as determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time for purposes of providing quotations of interest 

12 rates for the offering of deposits in Euro) as of 11:00 A.M. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period for a term comparable to such Interest Period; provided that, if the EURIBO Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. EURIBO Rate Reserve Percentage of any Lender for the Interest Period for any Term Rate Advance denominated in Euro means the reserve percentage applicable during such Interest Period (or if more than one such percentage shall be so applicable, the daily average of such percentages for those days in such Interest Period during which any such percentage shall be so applicable) under regulations issued from time to time by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including, without limitation, any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) for such Lender with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency Liabilities having a term equal to such Interest Period. Euro and the sign each means the single currency unit of the member States of the European Union that adopt or have adopted the Euro as their lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. Eurocurrency Liabilities has the meaning assigned to that term in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time. Events of Default has the meaning specified in Section 6.01. Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in an Advance or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in such Advance or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.18) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.12, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.12(f) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. Existing Credit Agreement means the 3,000,000,000 Five Year Credit Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2021, among the Borrower, the banks named therein 

13 and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreements entered into pursuant thereto, and any similar law, rule or regulation promulgated by any other federal, state, local or foreign governmental authority or regulatory body (and any similar agreements entered into pursuant thereto). Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it; provided, that if the Federal Funds Rate is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. Guaranty has the meaning specified in Section 8.06(b). Hazardous Materials means petroleum and petroleum products, byproducts or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, radon gas and any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified or regulated as being hazardous or toxic, or words of similar import, under any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, judgment, decree or agency interpretation, policy or guidance and applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or any property owned or operated by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Borrower or such Subsidiary or property is located. Increase Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). Increasing Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(b). Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any Borrowing Subsidiary hereunder or under any Note and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 

14 Insufficiency means, with respect to any Plan, the amount, if any, of its unfunded benefit liabilities, as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA. Interest Period means, for each Term Rate Advance comprising part of the same Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Term Rate Advance and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below. The duration of each such Interest Period for any Term Rate Advance shall be 1, 3 or 6 months and, for any Term Rate Advance denominated in Euro subject to clause (iii) of this definition, 12 months as the Borrower may select by notice received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period; provided, however, that: (i) the Borrower may not select any Interest Period which ends after the Termination Date; (ii) Interest Periods commencing on the same date for Term Rate Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing shall be of the same duration; (iii) in the case of any Term Rate Advance denominated in Euro, the Borrower shall not be entitled to select an Interest Period having duration of 12 months unless, by 2:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period, each Lender notifies the Administrative Agent that such Lender will be providing funding for such Advance with such Interest Period (the failure of any Lender to so respond by such time being deemed for all purposes of this Agreement as an objection by such Lender to the requested duration of such Interest Period); provided that, if any of the Lenders object to the requested duration of such Interest Period, the duration of the Interest Period for such Advance shall be 1, 3 or 6 months, as specified by the Borrower in the applicable Notice of Borrowing as the desired alternative to an Interest Period of 12 months; (iv) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day, provided, in the case of any Interest Period for a Term Rate Advance, that if such extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur on the next preceding Business Day; and (v) whenever the first day of any Interest Period occurs on a day of an initial calendar month for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that succeeds such initial calendar month by the number of months equal to the number of months in such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such succeeding calendar month. Lender Insolvency Event means that (a) a Lender or its Parent Company is insolvent, or is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, or admits in writing 

15 its inability to pay its debts as they become due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or (b) such Lender or its Parent Company is the subject of a Bail- In Action or a bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding or reorganization, or a receiver, trustee, conservator, intervenor or sequestrator or the like has been appointed for such Lender or its Parent Company, or such Lender or its Parent Company has taken any action in furtherance of or indicating its consent to or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment. Lenders means the Banks listed on the signature pages hereof, each Swing Line Lender and each assignee that shall become a party hereto pursuant to Section 8.07. Lien means any mortgage, lien, pledge, security interest, encumbrance or charge of any kind, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or any lease in the nature thereof, provided that the term Lien shall not include any lease involved in a Sale and Leaseback Transaction. Major Domestic Manufacturing Property means any Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property the net depreciated book value of which on the date as of which the determination is made exceeds 3 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. Material Adverse Change means any material adverse change in the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Notes or any Guaranty. Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or any successor to its business of rating long-term debt. Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding three plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions. Multiple Employer Plan means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates and at least one Person other than the Borrower and its ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates could have liability under Section 4064 or 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated. Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b). Non-Defaulting Lender means each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender. Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Lender, delivered pursuant to a request made under Section 2.16 in substantially the form of 

16 Exhibit A hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Advances made by such Lender. Notice of Borrowing has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a). Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced this Agreement or any Note, or sold or assigned an interest in any Advance). Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.18). Overnight Rate means, for each Swing Line Advance, the rate per annum determined as of the date such Swing Line Advance is made equal to the Euro Short Term Rate STR as administered by European Central Bank (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate, the STR Administrator displayed on the European Central Bank s website, currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor source for STR identified as such by the STR Administrator from time to time on the Business Day preceding the date of determination; provided, that if the Overnight Rate is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. If by 5:00 pm (local time for the STR Administrator) on the second (2nd) Business Day immediately following any day (the STR Determination Date in respect of such STR Determination Date has not been published on the STR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to STR has not occurred, then STR for such STR Determination Date will be STR as published in respect of the first preceding Business Day for which STR was published on the STR Administrator s Website; provided that STR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of STR for no more than three (3) consecutive days. Parent Company means, with respect to a Lender, the bank holding company (as defined in Federal Reserve Board Regulation Y), if any, of such Lender, or if such Lender does not have a bank holding company, then any corporation, association, partnership or other business entity owning, beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, a majority of the shares (or equivalent evidence of beneficial and economic ownership) of such Lender. Participant Register has the meaning specified in section 8.07(g). 

17 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. Person means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. Plan means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan. Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property means any building, structure or facility (including the land on which it is located and the improvements and fixtures constituting a part thereof) used primarily for manufacturing or processing which is owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, is located in the United States of America and the net depreciated book value of which on the date as of which the determination is made exceeds 1 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets, except any such building, structure or facility which the Board of Directors of the Borrower by resolution declares is not of material importance to the total business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as an entirety. Principal Domestic Subsidiary means (i) each Subsidiary which owns or leases a Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property, (ii) each Domestic Subsidiary the consolidated net worth of which exceeds 3 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets (as set forth in the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 4.01(e) or delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(e)(i) or (ii)), and (iii) each Domestic Subsidiary of each Subsidiary referred to in the foregoing clause (i) or (ii) except any such Subsidiary the accounts receivable and inventories of which have an aggregate net book value of less than 5,000,000. Protesting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 8.06(b). Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent or (b) any Lender, as applicable. Register has the meaning specified in Section 8.07(c). Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Required Lenders means at any time Lenders holding more than 50 of the then aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Advances held by Lenders (with the aggregate amount of each Lender s risk participation and funded participation in Swing Line Advances being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition), or, if no such principal amount is then outstanding, Lenders having more than 50 of the 

18 Commitments; provided that the Advances and Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time. Restricted Property means and includes (i) all Principal Domestic Manufacturing Properties, (ii) all Securities issued by all Principal Domestic Subsidiaries, and (iii) all inventories and accounts receivable of the Borrower and its Principal Domestic Subsidiaries. Revolving Credit Advance means an advance by a Lender to the Borrower as part of a Borrowing and refers to a Base Rate Advance or a Term Rate Advance, each of which shall be a Type of Advance. Revolving Credit Borrowing means a Borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit Advances of the same Type made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01. Revolving Credit Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule I hereof and identified as its Revolving Credit Commitment or, if such Lender has entered into any Assignment and Assumption, the amount set forth as the Revolving Credit Commitment for such Lender in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.07(c), as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.04 or increased pursuant to Section 2.14. S P means S P Global Ratings, or any successor to its business of rating long- term debt. Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any arrangement directly or indirectly providing for the leasing by the Borrower or any Principal Domestic Subsidiary for a period in excess of three years of any Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property which was sold or transferred by the Borrower or any Principal Domestic Subsidiary more than 120 days after the acquisition thereof or the completion of construction thereof, except any such arrangement solely between the Borrower and a Principal Domestic Subsidiary or solely between Principal Domestic Subsidiaries. Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, territory or region which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions. Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions- related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country in violation of applicable Sanctions, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise specifically identified as the subject of any Sanctions. 

19 Sanctions means, with respect to any Person, economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Canada or His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, to the extent applicable to such Person. SEC Reports means (i) the Annual Report of the Borrower on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, (ii) the Borrower s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and (iii) the Borrower s current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to the date hereof. Securities of any corporation means and includes (i) all capital stock of all classes of and all other equity interests in such corporation and all rights, options or warrants to acquire the same, and (ii) all promissory notes, debentures, bonds and other evidences of Debt of such corporation. Senior Funded Debt of any Person means, as of the date of determination thereof, all Debt of such Person which (i) matures by its terms more than one year after the date as of which such determination is made (including any such Debt which is renewable or extendable, or in effect renewable or extendable through the operation of a revolving credit agreement or other similar agreement, at the option of such Person for a period or periods ending more than one year after the date as of which such determination is made), and (ii) is not, by the terms of any instrument or instruments evidencing or securing such Debt or pursuant to which such Debt is outstanding, expressly subordinated in right of payment to any other Debt of such Person. Significant Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a significant subsidiary as defined in Rule 1.02(w) of Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission, determined based upon the Borrower s most recent consolidated financial statements for the most recently completed fiscal year as set forth in the Borrower s Annual Report on Form 10-K (or 10-K-A) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Single Employer Plan means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates and no Person other than the Borrower and its ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates could have liability under Section 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated. SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

20 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). Subsidiary means any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether or not at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned by the Borrower, by the Borrower and one or more other Subsidiaries, or by one or more other Subsidiaries. Swing Line Advances means Advances denominated in Euro made by any Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.20(a). Swing Line Borrowing means a Borrowing consisting of simultaneous Swing Line Advances made by each of the Swing Line Lenders pursuant to Section 2.20. Swing Line Commitment means, with respect to each Swing Line Lender, its obligation to make Swing Line Advances in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Swing Line Lender s name on Schedule I hereto and identified as its Swing Line Commitment or, if such Swing Line Lender has entered into any Assignment and Assumption, the amount set forth as the Swing Line Commitment for such Swing Line Lender in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.07(c), as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.04. Swing Line Lenders means, collectively, Citibank, N.A. and each Person that shall become a Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 7.07 or Section 8.07 and, as to any Swing Line Lender, the term Swing Line Lender includes any of its branches or Affiliates designated as such by such Swing Line Lender. Swing Line Sublimit means an amount equal to 350,000,000. Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any governmental authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term Rate means, for any Interest Period (a) for each Term Rate Advance constituting part of the same Revolving Credit Borrowing denominated in Dollars, Adjusted Term SOFR; and (b) for each Term Rate Advance constituting part of the same Revolving Credit Borrowing denominated in Euro, the EURIBO Rate. Term Rate Advance means a Revolving Credit Advance denominated in Dollars or Euro that bears interest by reference to the applicable Term Rate as provided in Section 2.06(b). Term SOFR means, 

21 (a) for any calculation with respect to a Revolving Credit Advance (other than a Base Rate Advance), the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Advance on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR Term SOFR Determination Day. Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Termination Date means the earlier of (a) November 4, 2027, subject to the extension thereof pursuant to Section 2.15, and (b) the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.04 or 6.01; provided, however, that the Termination Date of any Lender that is a Non-Consenting Lender to any requested extension pursuant to Section 2.15 shall be the Termination Date in effect immediately prior to the applicable Extension Date for all purposes of this Agreement. Type has the meaning specified in the definition of Revolving Credit Advance . 

22 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any Person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unused Commitment means, with respect to any Lender at any time, (a) such Lender s Commitment at such time, less (b) the sum of (based in respect of any Advances denominated in Euro by reference to the Equivalent thereof in Dollars determined at such time): (i) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Credit Advances made by such Lender (in its capacity as a Lender) and outstanding at such time; and (ii) the product of (A) a fraction the numerator of which is the amount of such Lender s Commitment at such time minus the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Credit Advances held by such Lender at such time and the denominator of which is the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders at such time minus the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Credit Advances made by the Lenders and outstanding at such time and (B) the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Line Advances outstanding at such time. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 2.12(f). Withdrawal Liability shall have the meaning given such term under Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. Withholding Agent means the Borrower, any Borrowing Subsidiary and the Administrative Agent. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU 

23 Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. SECTION 1.02. Computation of Time Periods. In this Agreement in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the words to and until each means to but excluding . SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, as in effect from time to time. SECTION 1.04. Divisions. For all purposes under this Agreement, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. SECTION 1.05. Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, STR, the EURIBO Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, the STR, the EURIBO Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, STR, the EURIBO Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, STR, the EURIBO Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and 

24 whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. ARTICLE II AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES SECTION 2.01. The Revolving Credit Advances. Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make Revolving Credit Advances in Dollars and/or Euro to the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the date hereof until the Termination Date applicable to such Lender in an aggregate amount (based in respect of any Revolving Credit Advances to be denominated in Euro by reference to the Equivalent thereof in Dollars determined on the date of delivery of the applicable Notice of Borrowing) not to exceed at any time outstanding such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment. Each Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount not less than the Borrowing Minimum or an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple in excess thereof (unless the aggregate amount of the unused Revolving Credit Commitments is less than the Borrowing Minimum, in which case such Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be equal to the aggregate amount of the unused Revolving Credit Commitments) and shall consist of Revolving Credit Advances of the same Type and in the same currency and having the same Interest Period made on the same day by the Lenders ratably according to their respective Revolving Credit Commitments. Within the limits of each Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, the Borrower may from time to time borrow, prepay pursuant to Section 2.09 and reborrow under this Section 2.01. SECTION 2.02. Making the Revolving Credit Advances. (a) Each Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be made on notice given by the Borrower or a Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, and received by the Administrative Agent, which shall give prompt notice thereof to each Lender by facsimile, not later than (x) 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Revolving Credit Borrowing in the case of Term Rate Advances denominated in Dollars, (y) 4:00 P.M. (London time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Borrower in the case of Term Rate Advances denominated in Euro, or (z) 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the same Business Day in the case of Base Rate Advances. Each such notice of a Revolving Credit Borrowing (a Notice of Borrowing shall be given in writing, by email or facsimile, in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, (ii) Type of Revolving Credit Advances comprising such Revolving Credit Borrowing, (iii) aggregate amount of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, and (iv) in the case of a Revolving Credit Borrowing comprised of Term Rate Advances, the currency and the Interest Period for each such Advance. Upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, each Lender shall, before 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Administrative Agent at the applicable Administrative Agent s Account, in immediately available funds, such Lender s ratable portion of such Revolving Credit Borrowing. After the Administrative Agent s receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, the Administrative Agent will promptly make such funds available to the Borrower at the Administrative Agent s address referred to in Section 8.02; provided, however, that, if such Revolving Credit Borrowing is denominated in Euro, the 

25 Administrative Agent shall first make a portion of such funds equal to the aggregate principal amount of Swing Line Advances made to the Borrower by the Swing Line Lenders and by any other Lender and outstanding on the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, plus interest accrued and unpaid thereon to and as of such date, available to the Swing Line Lenders and the other Lenders for repayment of such Swing Line Advances. (b) Anything in subsection (a) above to the contrary notwithstanding: (i) if any Lender shall, at least one Business Day before the date of any requested Borrowing, notify the Administrative Agent that the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation makes it unlawful, or that any central bank or other governmental authority asserts that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its Applicable Lending Office to perform its obligations hereunder to make Term Rate Advances or to fund or maintain Term Rate Advances in the applicable currency hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall immediately notify the Borrower and each other Lender and the right of the Borrower and any Borrowing Subsidiary to select Term Rate Advances in such currency for the portion of such Borrowing advanced by the Lender which has provided the notice described above or the portion of any subsequent Borrowing advanced by such Lender shall be suspended until such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist and (x) if the affected Revolving Credit Advance is denominated in Dollars, such Advance shall be a Base Rate Advance and (y) if the affected Revolving Credit Advance is denominated in Euro, such Revolving Credit Advance shall be a Base Rate Advance in the amount equal to an Equivalent amount of Dollars; (ii) if Adjusted Term SOFR or the EURIBO Rate does not appear on Bloomberg or on another nationally recognized service selected by the Administrative Agent for any Term Rate Advances comprising any requested Revolving Credit Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall immediately notify each Lender and the Borrower and the right of the Borrower and any Borrowing Subsidiary to select Term Rate Advances for such Revolving Credit Borrowing or any subsequent Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders and the Borrower that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist, and each Revolving Credit Advance comprising such Revolving Credit Borrowing denominated in Dollars shall be a Base Rate Advance and each Revolving Credit Advance comprising such Revolving Credit Borrowing denominated in Euro shall be a Base Rate Advance in the amount equal to an Equivalent amount of Dollars; and (iii) if the Required Lenders shall, at least one Business Day before the date of any requested Borrowing, notify the Administrative Agent that the Term Rate for Term Rate Advances comprising such Borrowing will not adequately reflect the cost to such Required Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their respective Term Rate Advances for such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall immediately notify the Borrower and each other Lender and the right of the Borrower and any Borrowing Subsidiary to select Term Rate Advances for such Borrowing or any subsequent Borrowing shall be suspended, and each Revolving Credit Advance comprising such 

26 Borrowing denominated in Dollars shall be a Base Rate Advance and each Advance comprising such Borrowing denominated in Euro shall be a Base Rate Advance in the amount equal to an Equivalent amount of Dollars. The Lenders will review regularly the circumstances causing such suspension, and as soon as such circumstances no longer exist the Required Lenders will notify the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower that such suspension is terminated. (c) Each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be. In the case of any Borrowing that the related Notice of Borrowing specifies is to be comprised of Term Rate Advances, the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing for such Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding in any event loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Borrowing when such Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date. (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the date of any Borrowing comprised of Term Rate Advances, and prior to 11:30 A.M. (New York City time) on the date of any Borrowing comprised of Base Rate Advances, that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s ratable portion of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such portion available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.02 and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Lender shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the Administrative Agent, such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to the Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to Revolving Credit Advances comprising such Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Lender, (A) the Federal Funds Rate in the case of Revolving Credit Advances denominated in Dollars or (B) the cost of funds incurred by the Administrative Agent in respect of such amount in the case of Revolving Credit Advances denominated in Euro. If such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Credit Advance as part of such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement. (e) The failure of any Lender to make the Revolving Credit Advance to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Revolving Credit Advance on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Revolving Credit Advance to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing. (f) In connection with the implementation and administration of Adjusted Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to 

27 time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify Borrower and Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the implementation and administration of Adjusted Term SOFR. SECTION 2.03. Facility Fees. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee on the average daily amount of such Lender s Commitment (whether or not used), accruing from the date on which this Agreement becomes fully executed in the case of each Bank and from the effective date specified in the Assumption Agreement or the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which it became a Lender in the case of each other Lender until the Termination Date of such Lender, payable on the last day of each March, June, September and December during the term of such Lender s Commitment, commencing December 31, 2022, and on the Termination Date of such Lender, computed from time to time at the rates per annum set forth below under the heading Facility Fee opposite the higher of the ratings then applicable to the Borrower s long-term senior unsecured debt as published by S P and Moody s: Moody s S P Facility Fee Aa2 or above or AA or above 0.040 Aa3 or above or AA- or above 0.045 A1 or above or A+ or above 0.060 Lower than above or not rated 0.070 (b) Administrative Agent s Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account such fees as may from time to time be agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. SECTION 2.04. Termination or Reduction of the Commitments. (a) The Borrower shall have the right, upon at least three Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate in whole or reduce ratably in part the Unused Commitments; provided that (A) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Unused Commitments, the aggregate Swing Line Commitments exceeds the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments at such time, the aggregate Swing Line Commitments shall be automatically reduced by the Equivalent in Euro of the amount of such excess, and (B) each partial reduction shall be in the aggregate amount of 10,000,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. (b) The Borrower shall have the right, upon at least three Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent and each Swing Line Lender, to terminate in whole or permanently reduce in part the Swing Line Commitments of the Swing Line Lenders ratably; provided that each partial reduction shall be in the aggregate amount of 10,000,000, or an integral multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. 

28 SECTION 2.05. Repayment of Advances. (a) Revolving Credit Advances. The Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of each Lender on the Termination Date applicable to such Lender the unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Credit Advance made to the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary. (b) Swing Line Advances. The Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, shall repay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each Swing Line Lender and each Lender that has funded its participation in a Swing Line Advance, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Swing Line Advance made to the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, and owing to such Lender on the earlier of (i) the Termination Date applicable to such Lender and (ii) ten Business Days after such Swing Line Advance is made; provided that the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as applicable, may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.02 that such payment be financed with an Revolving Credit Borrowing in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s or Borrowing Subsidiary s obligation, as applicable, to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Revolving Credit Borrowing. SECTION 2.06. Interest on Revolving Credit Advances and Swing Line Advances. The Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance made by each Lender to the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, from the date of such Advance until such principal amount shall be paid in full, at the following rates: (a) Base Rate Advances. If such Advance is a Base Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times to the Base Rate in effect from time to time, payable quarterly on the last day of each March, June, September, and December during such period and on the date such Base Rate Advance shall be paid in full. (b) Term Rate Advances. If such Advance is a Term Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal during the Interest Period for such Revolving Credit Advance to the sum of the Term Rate for such Interest Period plus the per annum rate set forth below under the heading Applicable Margin opposite the higher of the ratings then applicable to the Borrower s long-term senior unsecured debt as published by S P and Moody s: Moody s S P Applicable Margin Aa2 or above or AA or above 0.460 Aa3 or above or AA- or above 0.580 A1 or above or A+ or above 0.690 Lower than above or not rated 0.805 

29 payable on the last day of such Interest Period and, if such Interest Period has a duration of more than three months, on each day which occurs during such Interest Period every three months from the first day of such Interest Period. (c) Swing Line Advances. If such Advance is a Swing Line Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times to the Overnight Rate in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin for Term Rate Advances specified in clause (b) above, with such interest to be due and payable on the maturity date for such Swing Line Advance. For the period from the date of such Swing Line Borrowing and ending on the date the Lenders fund their participations in such Swing Line Advance in accordance with Section 2.20(d), such interest shall be for the sole account of the Swing Line Lenders. (d) Default Interest. Any amount of principal which is not paid when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) shall bear interest, from the date on which such amount is due until such amount is paid in full, payable on demand, at a rate per annum equal to (x) until the end of the then current Interest Period, if applicable, 1 per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on such Advance immediately prior to the date on which such amount became due, and (y) thereafter, 1 per annum above the Base Rate in effect from time to time. SECTION 2.07. Additional Interest on Term Rate Advances. The Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, shall pay to each Lender, so long as such Lender shall be required under regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency Liabilities, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Term Rate Advance denominated in Euro of such Lender to the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, from the date of such Advance until such principal amount is paid in full, at an interest rate per annum equal at all times to the remainder obtained by subtracting (i) the Term Rate for the Interest Period for such Advance denominated in Euro from (ii) the rate obtained by dividing such Term Rate by a percentage equal to 100 minus the EURIBO Rate Reserve Percentage of such Lender for such Interest Period, payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Advance. Such additional interest shall be determined by such Lender and the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, shall be notified of such additional interest. SECTION 2.08. Interest Rate Determination. (a) The Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary and the Lenders of the applicable interest rate determined by the Administrative Agent for purposes of Section 2.06. (b) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default pursuant to Section 6.01(a), (i) each Term Rate Advance denominated in Dollars will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, convert into a Base Rate Advance, (ii) each Term Rate Advance denominated in Euro will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, convert into a Term Rate Advance with a one month Interest Period and thereafter automatically be continued for one month Interest Periods thereafter, and (iii) except to the extent set forth in clause (ii), the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to convert Advances into, Term Rate Advances shall be suspended. 

30 SECTION 2.09. Prepayments of Advances. (a) Optional. The Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent stating the proposed date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, and if such notice is given, the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, shall, prepay the outstanding principal amounts of the Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing in whole or ratably in part, together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the principal amount prepaid, and the losses, costs and expenses, if any, payable pursuant to Section 8.04(c). Such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time), on the second Business Day prior to the date of the proposed prepayment in the case of Term Rate Advances denominated in Euro, on the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the date of the proposed prepayment in the case of Term Rate Advances denominated in Dollars or on the Business Day prior to such date in the case of Base Rate Advances or Swing Line Advances. Each partial prepayment of Base Rate Advances shall be in an aggregate principal amount not less than 5,000,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, and any partial prepayment of any Term Rate Advances or Swing Line Advances shall be in an aggregate amount not less than the Borrowing Minimum or an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple in excess thereof, and not leave outstanding less than the Borrowing Minimum aggregate principal amount of such Advances comprising part of any Borrowing. (b) Mandatory. (i) If, on any date, the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower in writing in accordance with clause (iii) below that, as of the most recent valuation date, the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances denominated in Dollars then outstanding plus (B) the Equivalent in Dollars (determined on the third Business Day prior to such valuation date) of the aggregate principal amount of all Advances denominated in Euro (other than Swing Line Advances) then outstanding exceeds 105 of the aggregate Commitments on such date, the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable and in any event within five Business Days after receipt of such notice, prepay the outstanding principal amount of any Advances in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such sum to an amount not to exceed 100 of the aggregate Commitments on such date, together with any interest accrued to the date of such prepayment on the aggregate principal amount of Advances prepaid. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice of any prepayment required under this Section 2.09(b) to the Borrower in accordance with clause (iii) below and the Lenders. (ii) Each prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.09(b) shall be made together with any interest accrued to the date of such prepayment on the principal amounts prepaid and, in the case of any prepayment of a Term Rate Advance on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period, any additional amounts which the applicable Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse to the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c). (iii) The Administrative Agent shall calculate on (A) the date of each Notice of Borrowing, (B) the first day of an Interest Period for any Revolving Credit Advance denominated in Euro, (C) if no revaluation shall have occurred during any calendar quarter, on the last day of such calendar quarter and (D) if an Event of Default is continuing, at such times as may be determined in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent, the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances denominated in Dollars plus (y) the Equivalent in Dollars (determined on the third Business Day prior to the date such calculation is required under this clause (iii)) of the aggregate principal amount of all Term Rate Advances denominated in 

31 Euro (other than Swing Line Advances) and shall give prompt written notice of any prepayment required under this Section 2.09(b) to the Borrower and the Lenders. SECTION 2.10. Increased Costs, Etc. (a) If, after the date of this Agreement, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change (other than any change by way of imposition or increase of reserve requirements, in the case of Term Rate Advances denominated in Euro, included in the EURIBO Rate Reserve Percentage) in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law), (x) there shall be any increase in the costs to any Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining Term Rate Advances, or (y) any Recipient shall be subjected to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto, then the Borrower shall from time to time, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender for such increased costs for a period beginning not more than 90 days prior to such demand. A certificate as to the amount of such increased cost submitted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Lender, setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of the increased costs, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of any Lender that becomes a party to this Agreement after the date hereof, amounts payable by the Borrower with respect to such increased costs shall be limited to such increased costs that arise from circumstances described in clauses (i) and (ii) above that arise after the date such Lender becomes a party hereto, provided that, with respect to any Lender that becomes a party hereto and acquires an interest in any Advances or Commitment by assignment pursuant to Section 8.07, amounts payable by the Borrower with respect to such increased costs shall extend to amounts with respect to such increased costs to the extent payable to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto. (b) If any Lender determines that compliance with any law or regulation or any guideline or request from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law) affects or would affect the amount of capital or liquidity required or expected to be maintained by such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender which decreases such Lender s return on its capital (after taking into account any changes in the EURIBO Rate and EURIBO Rate Reserve Percentage and taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity) and that the amount of such capital or liquidity is increased by or based upon the existence of such Lender s commitment to lend hereunder and other commitments of this type, then, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender, from time to time as specified by such Lender, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender or such corporation in the light of such circumstances, to the extent that such Lender reasonably determines such increase in capital or liquidity to be allocable to the existence of such Lender s commitment to lend hereunder, such compensation to cover a period beginning not more than 90 days prior to such demand. A certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Lender, setting forth in 

32 reasonable detail the calculation of the amount required to be paid hereunder, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error; provided, that a Lender shall not be entitled to submit a claim for compensation pursuant to this clause (b) unless the making of such claim is consistent with its general practices under similar circumstances in respect of similarly situated borrowers with credit agreements entitling it to make such claims. (c) For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, for the purposes of this Section 2.10, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith (whether or not having the force of law) and (y) all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities (whether or not having the force of law), in case for this clause (y) pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a change in law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. SECTION 2.11. Payments and Computations. (a) The Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, shall make each payment hereunder and under any Notes, except with respect to principal or, interest on, and other amounts relating to, Advances denominated in Euro, not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the day when due in Dollars to the Administrative Agent at the applicable Administrative Agent s Account in immediately available funds, without setoff or counterclaim. The Borrower shall make each payment hereunder and under any Notes with respect to principal or, interest on, and other amounts relating to, Advances denominated in Euro, not later than 9:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the day when due in Euro to the Administrative Agent at the applicable Administrative Agent s Account in immediately available funds, without setoff or counterclaim. The Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal or interest or facility fees ratably (other than amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.07, 2.10, 2.12, 2.13 or 8.04(c)) to the Lenders for the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating to payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied according to the terms of this Agreement. Upon any Assuming Lender becoming a Lender hereunder as a result of a Commitment Increase pursuant to Section 2.14 or an extension of the Termination Date pursuant to Section 2.15, and upon the Administrative Agent s receipt of such Lender s Assumption Agreement and recording of the information contained therein in the Register, from and after the applicable Increase Date or Extension Date, as the case may be, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments hereunder and under any Notes issued in connection therewith in respect of the interest assumed thereby to the Assuming Lender. Upon its acceptance of an Assignment and Assumption and recording of the information contained therein in the Register pursuant to Section 8.07(c), from and after the effective date specified in such Assignment and Assumption, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments hereunder and under any Notes in respect of the interest assigned thereby to the Lender s assignee thereunder, and the parties to such Assignment and Assumption shall make all appropriate adjustments in such payments for periods prior to such effective date directly between themselves. 

33 (b) Each of the Borrower and any Borrowing Subsidiary hereby authorizes each Lender, if and to the extent payment owed to such Lender is not made when due hereunder or under any Note held by such Lender, to charge from time to time against any or all of the Borrower s or such Borrowing Subsidiary s, as the case may be, accounts with such Lender any amount so due. (c) All computations of interest based on clause (a) of the definition of Base Rate shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and all computations of interest based on clause (b) or (c) of the definition of Base Rate , the Term Rate, the EURIBO Rate, the Overnight Rate or the Federal Funds Rate and of facility fees shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days, in each case for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest or fees are payable. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. (d) Whenever any payment hereunder or under any Notes shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest or facility fee, as the case may be; provided, however, if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Term Rate Advances to be made in the next following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the next preceding Business Day. (e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment in full, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent on such date and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed to each Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the extent the Borrower shall not have so made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent, each Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date such Lender repays such amount to the Administrative Agent, at (A) the Federal Funds Rate in the case of Advances denominated in Dollars or (B) the cost of funds incurred by the Administrative Agent in respect of such amount in the case of Advances denominated in Euro. (f) To the extent that the Administrative Agent receives funds for application to the amounts owing by the Borrower under or in respect of this Agreement or any Note in currencies other than the currency or currencies required to enable the Administrative Agent to distribute funds to the Lenders in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.11, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to convert or exchange such funds into Dollars or into Euro or from Dollars to Euro or from Euro to Dollars (which shall not be less than the Equivalent amount thereof), as the case may be, to the extent necessary to enable the Administrative Agent to distribute such funds in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.11; provided that the Borrower and each of the Lenders hereby agree that the Administrative Agent shall not be liable or responsible for any loss, cost or expense suffered by the Borrower or such Lender as a result 

34 of any conversion or exchange of currencies affected pursuant to this Section 2.11(f) or as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent to effect any such conversion or exchange; and provided further that the Borrower agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and hold the Administrative Agent and each Lender harmless, for any and all losses, costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for any conversion or exchange of currencies (or the failure to convert or exchange any currencies) in accordance with this Section 2.11(f). SECTION 2.12. Taxes. (a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any Borrowing Subsidiary hereunder or under any Notes shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant governmental authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower or the applicable Borrowing Subsidiary shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. The Borrower and the Borrowing Subsidiaries shall timely pay to the relevant governmental authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. (c) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant governmental authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (d) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 8.07(g) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement or any Note, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or 

35 legally imposed or asserted by the relevant governmental authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender hereunder and under any Note or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d). (e) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower or any Borrowing Subsidiary to a governmental authority pursuant to this Section 2.12, the Borrower or such Borrowing Subsidiary shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such governmental authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (f) Status of Lenders. (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made hereunder or under any Note shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in clauses (ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) of this subsection) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower or any Borrowing Subsidiary is a U.S. Borrower, (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or about the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

36 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under this Agreement, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under this Agreement, IRS Form W- 8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower or any Borrowing Subsidiary described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W- 8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F- 4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and (D) if a payment made to a Lender hereunder or under any Note would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall 

37 deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.12 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.12), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant governmental authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant governmental authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such governmental authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph, in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. (h) Survival. Each party s obligations under this Section 2.12 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations hereunder and under any Notes. SECTION 2.13. Sharing of Payments, Etc. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Advances or other obligations hereunder resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Advances and accrued interest thereon or other such obligations greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender 

38 receiving such greater proportion shall (x) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (y) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Advances and such other obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Advances and other amounts owing them; provided that: (a) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and (b) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower or any Borrowing Subsidiary pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Advances to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply) . The Borrower and each Borrowing Subsidiary consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower or such Borrowing Subsidiary rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower or such Borrowing Subsidiary in the amount of such participation. SECTION 2.14. Increase in the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments. (a) The Borrower may, at any time but in any event not more than twice in any calendar year prior to the Termination Date, by notice to the Administrative Agent, request that the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments be increased by an amount of 10,000,000 or an integral multiple of 10,000,000 in excess thereof (each a Commitment Increase to be effective as of a date that is at least 45 days prior to the scheduled Termination Date (without giving effect to the proviso contained in the definition thereof) then in effect (the Increase Date as specified in the related notice to the Administrative Agent; provided, however, that (i) in no event shall the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments at any time exceed 3,500,000,000 and (ii) the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.02 shall have been satisfied as of the date of such request and as of the applicable Increase Date. (b) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders, if any, identified by the Borrower of a request by the Borrower for a Commitment Increase, which notice shall include (i) the proposed amount of such requested Commitment Increase, (ii) the proposed Increase Date and (iii) the date by which Lenders wishing to participate in the Commitment Increase must commit to an increase in the amount of their respective Revolving Credit Commitments (the Commitment Date ). Each Lender so identified by the Borrower that is willing to participate in such requested Commitment Increase (each an Increasing Lender shall give written notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Commitment Date of the amount by which it is willing to increase its Revolving Credit Commitment. If such Lenders 

39 notify the Administrative Agent that they are willing to increase the amount of their respective Revolving Credit Commitments by an aggregate amount that exceeds the amount of the requested Commitment Increase, the requested Commitment Increase shall be allocated among such Lenders willing to participate therein in such amounts as are agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. (c) If the Borrower shall have requested any of the Lenders to participate in any Commitment Increase, promptly following each Commitment Date, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower as to the amount, if any, by which the Lenders are willing to participate in the requested Commitment Increase. If the aggregate amount by which the Lenders are willing to participate in any requested Commitment Increase on any such Commitment Date is less than the requested Commitment Increase, or if the Borrower shall elect not to request that any of the Lenders participate in such Commitment Increase, then the Borrower may extend offers to one or more financial institutions reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and each Swing Line Lender (each such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to participate in such Commitment Increase or any portion of the requested Commitment Increase that has not been committed to by the Lenders, if any, so invited to increase Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to Section 2.14(b) as of the applicable Commitment Date; provided, however, that the Revolving Credit Commitment of each such institution shall be in an amount of not less than 10,000,000. (d) On each Increase Date, each institution that accepts an offer to participate in a requested Commitment Increase in accordance with Section 2.14(c) (each such institution and each Person that agrees to an extension of the Termination Date in accordance with Section 2.15(c), an Assuming Lender shall become a Lender party to this Agreement as of such Increase Date and the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Increasing Lender for such requested Commitment Increase shall be so increased by such amount (or by the amount allocated to such Lender pursuant to the last sentence of Section 2.14(b)) as of such Increase Date; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall have received on or before such Increase Date the following, each dated such date: (i) (A) certified copies of resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or the Finance Committee of such Board approving the Commitment Increase and (B) an opinion of counsel for the Borrower (which may be in-house counsel), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; (ii) an assumption agreement from each Assuming Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto (each an Assumption Agreement ), duly executed by such Assuming Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower; and (iii) confirmation from each Increasing Lender of the increase in the amount of its Revolving Credit Commitment in a writing reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. On each Increase Date, upon fulfillment of the conditions set forth in the immediately preceding sentence of this Section 2.14(d), the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders (including, without limitation, each Assuming Lender) and the Borrower, on or before 1:00 P.M. (New York 

40 City time), by facsimile, of the occurrence of the Commitment Increase to be effected on such Increase Date and shall record in the Register the relevant information with respect to each Increasing Lender and each Assuming Lender on such date. Each Increasing Lender and each Assuming Lender shall, before 2:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the Increase Date, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Advances of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Advances to be funded and held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Credit Commitments. If any Swing Line Advances are outstanding on any Increase Date, participations in such Swing Line Advances shall be deemed to be reallocated on such date according to the respective Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders after giving effect to such Commitment Increase. SECTION 2.15. Extension of Termination Date. (a) At least 30 days but not more than 60 days prior to the next Anniversary Date, the Borrower, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, may request an extension of the Termination Date in effect at such time by one calendar year from its then scheduled expiration. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of such request, and each Lender shall in turn, in its sole discretion, not later than 20 days prior to such Anniversary Date, notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing as to whether such Lender will consent to such extension. The delivery of such notice shall constitute a representation and warranty that on the date of such notice (x) the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 are correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such notice (provided that, for the purposes of such representation, (A) all references in the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01(e) to consolidated balance sheets, consolidated statements of income, cash flow and retained earnings for the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries shall be deemed to refer to the corresponding versions of those documents most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(e)(ii) prior to the date of the notice contemplated in this Section 2.15(a), (B) all references in the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01(e) and 4.01(f) to SEC Reports shall be deemed to refer to the Borrower s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to the date of such notice and (C) the final sentence of Section 4.01(e) shall be deemed revised to read Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, since the date of the most recently delivered consolidated financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 5.01(e)(ii), there has been no Material Adverse Change and (y) there exists no Default. If any Lender shall fail to notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing of its consent to any such request for extension of the Termination Date prior to 20 days prior to such Anniversary Date, such Lender shall be deemed to be a Non-Consenting Lender with respect to such request. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower not later than 15 days prior to such next Anniversary Date of the decision of the Lenders regarding the Borrower s request for an extension of the Termination Date. (b) If all of the Lenders consent in writing to any such request in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.15, the Termination Date in effect at such time shall, effective as at such next Anniversary Date (the Extension Date ), be extended for one calendar year; provided that on each Extension Date, the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.02 shall have been satisfied. If Lenders holding more than 50 of the Commitments, but less than all of the Lenders, consent in writing to any such request in accordance with subsection (a) 

41 of this Section 2.15, the Termination Date in effect at such time shall, effective as at the applicable Extension Date, be extended as to those Lenders that so consented (each a Consenting Lender but shall not be extended as to any other Lender (each a Non-Consenting Lender ). To the extent that the Termination Date is not extended as to any Lender pursuant to this Section 2.15 and the Commitment of such Lender is not assumed in accordance with subsection (c) of this Section 2.15 on or prior to the applicable Extension Date, the Commitment of such Non-Consenting Lender shall automatically terminate in whole on such unextended Termination Date without any further notice or other action by the Borrower, such Lender or any other Person; provided that such Non-Consenting Lender s rights under Sections 2.10, 2.12 and 8.04, and its obligations under Section 7.05, shall survive the Termination Date for such Lender as to matters occurring prior to such date. It is understood and agreed that no Lender shall have any obligation whatsoever to agree to any request made by the Borrower for any requested extension of the Termination Date. (c) If less than all of the Lenders consent to any such request pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 2.15, the Borrower may arrange for one or more Consenting Lenders or other Persons as Assuming Lenders (x) to assume, effective as of the Extension Date or such other date as may be agreed among the Borrower, the Non-Consenting Lender, such Consenting Lenders or Persons and the Administrative Agent, any Non-Consenting Lender s Commitment and all of the obligations of such Non-Consenting Lender under this Agreement thereafter arising, without recourse to or warranty by, or expense to, such Non-Consenting Lender and (y) to accept, effective as of the Extension Date or such later date as any Assuming Lender executes and delivers an Assumption Agreement, the Termination Date applicable to Consenting Lenders; provided, however, that the amount of the Commitment of any such Assuming Lender as a result of such substitution shall in no event be less than 10,000,000 unless the amount of the Commitment of such Non-Consenting Lender is less than 10,000,000, in which case such Assuming Lender shall assume all of such lesser amount; and provided further that: (i) any such Consenting Lender or Assuming Lender shall have paid to such Non-Consenting Lender (A) the aggregate principal amount of, and any interest accrued and unpaid to the effective date of the assignment on, the outstanding Advances, if any, owing to such Non-Consenting Lender plus (B) any accrued but unpaid facility fees owing to such Non-Consenting Lender as of the effective date of such assignment; (ii) all additional costs reimbursements, expense reimbursements and indemnities payable to such Non-Consenting Lender, and all other accrued and unpaid amounts owing to such Non-Consenting Lender hereunder, as of the effective date of such assignment shall have been paid to such Non-Consenting Lender; and (iii) with respect to any such Assuming Lender, the applicable processing and recordation fee required under Section 8.07(a) for such assignment shall have been paid; provided further that such Non-Consenting Lender s rights under Sections 2.10, 2.12 and 8.04, and its obligations under Section 7.05, shall survive such substitution as to matters occurring prior to the date of substitution. At least three Business Days prior to any Extension Date, (A) each such Assuming Lender, if any, shall have delivered to the Borrower and the Administrative 

42 Agent an Assumption Agreement, duly executed by such Assuming Lender, such Non- Consenting Lender, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, (B) any such Consenting Lender shall have delivered confirmation in writing satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (acting reasonably) as to the increase in the amount of its Commitment and (C) each Non-Consenting Lender being replaced pursuant to this Section 2.15 shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent any Note or Notes held by such Non-Consenting Lender. Upon the payment or prepayment of all amounts referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence, each such Consenting Lender or Assuming Lender, as of the Extension Date, will be substituted for such Non-Consenting Lender under this Agreement and shall be a Lender for all purposes of this Agreement, without any further acknowledgment by or the consent of the other Lenders, and the obligations of each such Non-Consenting Lender hereunder shall, by the provisions hereof, be released and discharged. (d) If Lenders holding more than 50 of the Commitments (before giving effect to any assignments pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section 2.15) consent in a writing delivered to the Administrative Agent to a requested extension (whether by execution or delivery of an Assumption Agreement or otherwise) not later than one Business Day prior to such Extension Date, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower, and, so long as the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.02 shall have been satisfied as of such Extension Date, or shall occur as a consequence thereof, the Termination Date then in effect shall be extended for the additional one-year period as described in subsection (a) of this Section 2.15, and all references in this Agreement, and in any Notes to the Termination Date shall, with respect to each Consenting Lender and each Assuming Lender for such Extension Date, refer to the Termination Date as so extended. Promptly following each Extension Date, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders (including, without limitation, each Assuming Lender) of the extension of the scheduled Termination Date in effect immediately prior thereto and shall thereupon record in the Register the relevant information with respect to each such Consenting Lender and each such Assuming Lender. SECTION 2.16. Evidence of Debt. (a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Advance owing to such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder in respect of Advances. The Borrower agrees that upon notice by any Lender to the Borrower (with a copy of such notice to the Administrative Agent) to the effect that an Note is required or appropriate in order for such Lender to evidence (whether for purposes of pledge, enforcement or otherwise) the Advances owing to, or to be made by, such Lender, the Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to such Lender an Note payable to such Lender in a principal amount up to the Commitment of such Lender. (b) The Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.07(c) shall include a control account, and a subsidiary account for each Lender, in which accounts (taken together) shall be recorded (i) the date and amount of each Borrowing made hereunder, the Type of Advances comprising such Borrowing and, if appropriate, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the terms of each Assumption Agreement and each Assignment and Assumption delivered to and accepted by it, (iii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iv) 

43 the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower hereunder and each Lender s share thereof. (c) Entries made in good faith by the Administrative Agent in the Register pursuant to subsection (b) above, and by each Lender in its account or accounts pursuant to subsection (a) above, shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of principal and interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to, in the case of the Register, each Lender and, in the case of such account or accounts, such Lender, under this Agreement, absent manifest error; provided, however, that the failure of the Administrative Agent or such Lender to make an entry, or any finding that an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. SECTION 2.17. Defaulting Lenders. (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent shall deliver written notice to such effect upon obtaining knowledge of such event to the Borrower and such Defaulting Lender, and the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: (i) facility fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.03 to extent allocable to the outstanding principal amount of the Advances funded by it (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender); (ii) the Commitments of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether all Lenders or the Required Lenders, as the case may be, have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to Section 8.01); provided that such Defaulting Lender shall continue to have voting rights with respect to (x) any amendment, waiver or consent that would increase or extend such Defaulting Lender s commitment or postpone any scheduled date of payment of or reduce the principal of, or interest on any Advances or fees owing to such Defaulting Lender (except as set forth in clause (i) above), (y) any amendment, waiver or consent modifying the terms of this proviso, or (z) any amendment, waiver or consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender which affects such Defaulting Lender differently than any other Lender or any other affected Lender, as the case may be; (iii) any amount payable to such Defaulting Lender hereunder (whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise and including any amount that would otherwise be payable to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.13) shall be deemed to have satisfied such payment obligation owing to such Defaulting Lender but, in lieu of being distributed to such Defaulting Lender, subject to any applicable requirements of law, be applied (i) first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder, (ii) second, to the funding of any Advance in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this 

44 Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent and (iii) third, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction and (iv) All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in Swing Line Advances shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective pro rata shares thereof (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause such Non-Defaulting Lender s aggregate principal amount of outstanding Revolving Credit Advances plus such Non-Defaulting Lender s participation in Swing Line Advances to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Commitment. Subject to Section 8.17, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non- Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. (b) If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower or the applicable Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable law, prepay all outstanding Swing Line Advances. (c) If the Administrative Agent, each Swing Line Lender and the Borrower each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender or upon receipt by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower of the confirmation referred to in clause (iv) of the definition of Defaulting Lender , as applicable, then on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such portion of the Advances of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Advances ratably in accordance with its respective Commitment and such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender. No change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. SECTION 2.18. Replacement of Lenders. If (a) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.10, (b) any Lender delivers a notice from a Lender as described in Section 2.02(b)(i), (c) the Borrower is required to pay additional amounts to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any governmental authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.12 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to transfer its Applicable Lending Office to another jurisdiction in accordance with Section 8.09, (d) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Protesting Lender or (e) any Lender does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (x) requires the approval of all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 8.01 and (y) has been approved by the Required Lenders (a Non- Approving Lender ), then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 8.07 (other than any requirement that such Lender being replaced consent or 

45 otherwise approve such assignment)), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement (including such Lender s participations in Swing Line Advances) pursuant to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that: (i) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 8.07; provided that no such assignment fee shall be required if such assignment is to a Person that is a Lender; (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder (including any amounts under Section 8.04(c) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.10 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.12, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; (iv) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law; and (v) in the case of any assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Approving Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. SECTION 2.19. Benchmark Replacement Setting. (a) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.19(a) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date (b) Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 

46 (c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.19(d) and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.19, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.19. (d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the EURIBO Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may in its reasonable discretion modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may in its reasonable discretion modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (e) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Rate Advances to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request for (1) a Term Rate Advance denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of, or conversion, to a Base Rate Advance or (2) a Term Rate Advance denominated in Euro into a request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to, a Base Rate Advance in an amount equal to the Equivalent in Dollars of the amount of such Term Rate Advance at such time. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. (f) Certain Defined Terms. 

47 As used in this Section 2.19: Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then- current Benchmark for any currency, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.19(d). Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) Term Rate Advance denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Rate Advance denominated in Euro, the EURIBO Rate, or (iii) with respect to any Swing Line Advance, the Overnight Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, the EURIBO Rate, the Overnight Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.19(a). Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable currency at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable currency at such time. Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

48 (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non- representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the central bank for Euro applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in 

49 the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder in accordance with Section 2.19 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder in accordance with Section 2.19. Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0.00 . Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto, and (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in Euro, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. SECTION 2.20. Swing Line Advances. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Swing Line Lender severally agrees to make a portion of the credit otherwise available from time to time to the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary under the credit facility established hereby by making swing line advances Swing Line Advances on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Termination Date applicable to such Swing Line Lender to the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary requesting such extension of credit under subsection (b) of this Section 2.20. Such Swing Line Advances shall be denominated in Euro and, in the aggregate, shall not exceed (x) at any time outstanding (i) for each Swing Line Lender (1) such Swing Line Lender s Swing Line Commitment then in effect and (2) when aggregated to such Swing Line Lender s outstanding Revolving Credit Advances and such Swing Line Lender s unfunded participations in Swing Line Advances made by any other Swing Line Lender, such Swing Line Lender s Commitment then in effect and (ii) for all 

50 Swing Line Advances, the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit or (y) at the time of such Swing Line Advance, the aggregate Unused Commitments of the Lenders. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary may borrow under this Section 2.20, prepay Swing Line Advances under Section 2.09 or repay Swing Line Advances under Section 2.05(b), and reborrow under this Section 2.20; provided that the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Advance to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Advance. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Advance, each Lender shall be deemed to have purchased, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to purchase, from the applicable Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Advance in an amount equal to such Lender s ratable share of such Swing Line Advance. (b) Each Swing Line Advance shall be made on notice to the Swing Line Lenders and the Administrative Agent, given not later than 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the Business Day on which the proposed Swing Line Advance is to be made. Such notice requirement shall be satisfied by the delivery of a Notice of Borrowing for such Swing Line Advance in writing, by email or facsimile, and such notice shall specify therein (A) the requested date of such Swing Line Advance (which shall be a Business Day), (B) the requested aggregate amount of Swing Line Advances being requested by the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary and (C) the requested account to which the proceeds of the requested Swing Line Advance are to be transferred. Upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, each Swing Line Lender shall make its ratable portion of the requested Swing Line Advance (such ratable portion to be calculated based upon such Swing Line Lender s Swing Line Commitment to the total Swing Line Commitments of all of the Swing Line Lenders) available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the account designated by the Borrower for such purpose on the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing, in same day funds, before 1:00 P.M. (London time) on the date the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary has requested such Swing Line Advance. (c) The failure of any Swing Line Lender to make the Swing Line Advance to be made by it as part of any Swing Line Borrowing shall not relieve any other Swing Line Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Swing Line Advance on the date of such Swing Line Borrowing, but no Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Swing Line Lender to make the Swing Line Advance to be made by such other Swing Line Lender on the date of any Swing Line Borrowing. (d) Upon written demand by a Swing Line Lender, with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent, each other Lender will purchase from such Swing Line Lender, and such Swing Line Lender shall sell and assign to each such other Lender, such other Lender s pro rata share of such outstanding Swing Line Advance, by making available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Swing Line Lender, by deposit to the Administrative Agent s Account, in same day funds, an amount equal to the portion of the outstanding principal amount of such Swing Line Advance to be purchased by such Lender. The Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary, as the case may be, hereby agrees to 

51 each such sale and assignment. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, to purchase its pro rata share of an outstanding Swing Line Advance on the third Business Day after the date of demand therefor. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swing Line Advances pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Upon any such assignment by any Swing Line Lender to any other Lender of a portion of a Swing Line Advance, such Swing Line Lender represents and warrants to such other Lender that such Swing Line Lender is the legal and beneficial owner of such interest being assigned by it, but makes no other representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to such Swing Line Advance, this Agreement, the Notes or the Borrower or Borrowing Subsidiary as the case may be. If and to the extent that any Lender shall not have so made the amount of such Swing Line Advance available to the Administrative Agent, such Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such Lender is required to have made such amount available to the Administrative Agent until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the higher of the Overnight Rate and the cost of funds incurred by the Administrative Agent in respect of such amount, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent such amount for the account of such Swing Line Lender on any Business Day, such amount so paid in respect of principal shall constitute a Swing Line Advance made by such Lender on such Business Day for purposes of this Agreement, and the outstanding principal amount of the Swing Line Advance made by such Swing Line Lender shall be reduced by such amount on such Business Day. (e) At any time after any Lender has funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Advance, if any Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Advance, such Swing Line Lender will promptly distribute to such Lender its ratable share thereof in the same funds as those received by such Swing Line Lender. ARTICLE III CONDITIONS OF LENDING SECTION 3.01. Precedent to Effectiveness of Sections 2.01 and 2.20. Sections 2.01 and 2.20 of this Agreement shall become effective on and as of the first date (the Closing Date on which the Administrative Agent shall have received, on or before the Closing Date, the following, each dated such date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to each Lender: (a) If requested by such Lender pursuant to Section 2.16, a Note payable to such Lender. (b) Certified copies of (i) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving this Agreement and the Notes and each Guaranty, and of all documents evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if 

52 any, with respect to this Agreement and the Notes and (ii) such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that the Borrower is duly incorporated, validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business, in its jurisdiction of incorporation. (c) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Borrower certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign this Agreement and the Notes and the other documents to be delivered hereunder. (d) A certificate of a duly authorized officer of the Borrower certifying that the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 are correct in all material respects, on and as of such date (before and after giving effect to any Borrowing on such date and the application of the proceeds therefrom), as though made on and as of such date, and that no event has occurred and is continuing (or would result from any such Borrowing or application of the proceeds thereof) which constitutes a Default. (e) A favorable opinion of Sidley Austin LLP, special counsel for the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. (f) A favorable opinion of Shearman Sterling LLP, counsel for the Administrative Agent, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. (g) Evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that all amounts owing under the Existing Credit Agreement shall have been, or concurrently with the Closing Date hereunder shall be, paid in full, and each of the Lenders that is a party to the Existing Credit Agreement hereby waives, upon execution of this Agreement, any prior notice required by the Existing Credit Agreement relating to the payment of amounts owing thereunder. SECTION 3.02. Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing, Commitment Increase and Extension Date. The obligation of each Lender to make an Advance on the occasion of each Borrowing (other than a Swing Line Advance in which a participation is funded by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.20(c)), each Commitment Increase and each extension of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.15 shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date of such Borrowing, the applicable Increase Date or the applicable Extension Date the following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Borrowing, request for Commitment Increase, request for Commitment extension and the acceptance by the Borrower or any Borrowing Subsidiary of the proceeds of such Borrowing shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower that on the date of such Borrowing, such Increase Date or such Extension Date such statements are true): (a) The representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 (other than, in the case of a Borrowing, the last sentence of Section 4.01(e) and Section 4.01(f)(i)) are correct in all material respects (except to the extent already qualified by materiality or material adverse effect), on and as of the date of such Borrowing, such Commitment 

53 Increase or such Extension Date, before and after giving effect thereto, and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date, and (b) No event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Borrowing, such Commitment Increase or such Extension Date or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, which constitutes a Default. SECTION 3.03. Determinations Under Section 3.01. For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 3.01, each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Lenders unless an officer of the Administrative Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the initial Borrowing specifying its objection thereto. ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower. The Borrower represents and warrants as follows: (a) The Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation. (b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the Notes are within the Borrower s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not contravene (i) the Borrower s charter or by- laws or (ii) applicable law or any material contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Borrower. (c) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement or the Notes. (d) This Agreement is, and each of the Notes when executed and delivered hereunder will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, except as the same may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar law affecting creditors rights generally, or by general principles of equity. (e) The consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2021 and the related consolidated statements of income, cash flow and retained earnings of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, accompanied by a report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, copies of which have been furnished to each Bank, fairly present the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as at such date and the consolidated results of the operations of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the period ended on such date, all in 

54 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied (except for mandated changes in accounting disclosed in such financial statements). Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or otherwise disclosed to each of the Banks in writing prior to the date hereof, since December 31, 2021 there has been no Material Adverse Change; provided that the representation made in the last sentence of this Section 4.01(e) shall only be made (or deemed made) on the Closing Date and on each date on which the Borrower shall request an increase of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.14(a) or an extension of the Termination Date pursuant to Section 2.15(a). (f) There is no pending or (to the knowledge of the Borrower) threatened action or proceeding, including, without limitation, any Environmental Action, affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (i) is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, other than as disclosed in the SEC Reports or on Schedule 4.01(f) (the Disclosed Litigation ), and there has been no change in the status, or financial effect on the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, of the Disclosed Litigation from that described in the SEC Reports or on Schedule 4.01(f) which is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any Note or Guaranty; provided that the representation made in clause (i) of this Section 4.01(f) shall only be made (or deemed made) on the Closing Date, each Increase Date and each date on which the Borrower shall request an extension of the Termination Date pursuant to Section 2.15(a). (g) None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), and no proceeds of any Advance will be used in such manner as to cause any Lender to be in violation of such Regulation U. (h) The Borrower and each Subsidiary are in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders of any governmental authority, non-compliance with which would have a Material Adverse Effect. (i) In the ordinary course of its business, the Borrower conducts reviews (which reviews are in varying stages of implementation) of the effect of Environmental Laws on the business, operations and properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in the course of which it identifies and evaluates associated liabilities and costs. On the basis of these reviews, the Borrower has reasonably concluded that Environmental Laws are unlikely to have a Material Adverse Effect. (j) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in liability to the Borrower having a Material Adverse Effect, no ERISA Event has occurred with respect to any Plan and neither the Borrower nor, to the knowledge of Borrower, any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that is reasonably expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Plan. 

55 (k) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in liability to the Borrower having a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred, or is reasonably expected to incur, any Withdrawal Liability to any Multiemployer Plan. (l) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in liability to the Borrower having a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower has nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any of its ERISA Affiliates have been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan is or has been, or reasonably expected to be insolvent or terminated, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, or determined to be in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA. (m) Except as set forth in the financial statements described in Section 4.01(e) or delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(e), the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have no liability with respect to expected postretirement benefit obligations within the meaning of the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715 that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (n) The Borrower and each Subsidiary have filed all material tax returns (Federal, state and local) required to be filed and paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, including interest and penalties other than those not yet delinquent and except for those contested in good faith, or provided adequate reserves for payment thereof. (o) The Borrower is not an investment company , or a company controlled by an investment company , within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. (p) The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, their respective directors, officers and employees, are in compliance with Anti- Corruption Laws, except to the extent the failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect, and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or to the knowledge of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, any of their respective directors, officers or employees or any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing is intended to be used for the purpose of violating any Anti-Corruption Law or in violation of applicable Sanctions. (q) Neither the Borrower nor any Borrowing Subsidiary is an Affected Financial Institution. (r) Each Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered in connection with this Agreement is, as of the date such document is delivered, true and correct in all respects. 

56 ARTICLE V COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER SECTION 5.01. Affirmative Covenants. So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Borrower will, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing: (a) Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc. Preserve and maintain, and cause each Significant Subsidiary to preserve and maintain, its corporate existence except as permitted under Section 5.02(b); provided, however, that the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary shall not be required to preserve the corporate existence of any Significant Subsidiary if the Board of Directors of the Borrower shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Borrower or such Significant Subsidiary, as the case may be, and that the liquidation thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Lenders. (b) Compliance with Laws, Etc. Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, where any failure to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect, such compliance to include, without limitation, paying before the same become delinquent all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges imposed upon it or upon its property except to the extent contested in good faith; and maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. (c) Maintenance of Properties, Etc. Maintain and preserve, and cause each Significant Subsidiary to maintain and preserve, all of its properties which are used or useful in the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. (d) Maintenance of Insurance. Maintain, and cause each Significant Subsidiary to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations (including affiliated companies) for such amounts, covering such risks and with such deductibles as is usually carried by companies of comparable size engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in the same general areas in which the Borrower or such Subsidiary operates, or maintain a sound self-insurance program for such risks as may be prudently self-insured. (e) Reporting Requirements. Furnish to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall promptly furnish copies thereof to the Lenders via Debt Domain or other similar password-protected restricted internet site): (i) as soon as available and in any event within 60 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and related consolidated statements of income and cash 

57 flow for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such quarter, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to interim statements and certified by the treasurer, chief financial officer or corporate controller of the Borrower, provided that financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (i) may be delivered electronically and, if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on an internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access and the Lenders and the Administrative Agent may rely on such documents to the same extent as if such documents had been delivered to each of them directly; (ii) as soon as available and in any event within 105 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a copy of the annual report for such year for the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, containing consolidated financial statements for such year certified without exception as to scope by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or other independent registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders, provided that if different components of such consolidated financial statements are separately audited by different independent public accounting firms, then the audit report of any such accounting firm may contain a qualification or exception as to scope of such audit insofar as it is limited to the specified component of such consolidated financial statements, provided, further, that financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (ii) may be delivered electronically and, if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on an internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access and the Lenders and the Administrative Agent may rely on such documents to the same extent as if such documents had been delivered to each of them directly; (iii) concurrently with the financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (ii) above, a certificate of the treasurer, chief financial officer or corporate controller of the Borrower, and concurrently with the financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (i) above, a certificate of the treasurer or corporate controller of the Borrower, stating in each case that a review of the activities of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries during the preceding quarter or fiscal year, as the case may be, has been made under his or her supervision to determine whether the Borrower has fulfilled all of its respective obligations under this Agreement and the Notes, and also stating that, to the best of his or her knowledge, (x) no Default has occurred, or (y) if any Default exists, specifying such Default, the nature and status thereof, and the action the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; (iv) as soon as possible and in any event within five days after the occurrence of each Default continuing on the date of such statement, a statement of the chief financial officer of the Borrower setting forth details of such Default 

58 and the action which the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto; (v) promptly after the filing or receiving thereof (or after the Borrower obtains knowledge of the filing or receiving thereof by an ERISA Affiliate), each notice that the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate receives from the PBGC regarding the Insufficiency of any Single Employer Plan in connection with a distress termination of such Plan under Title IV of ERISA and, following any request therefore by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of each Form 5500 annual return/report (including Schedule SB thereto) filed with respect to each Plan under ERISA with the Department of Labor; (vi) promptly following any request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti- money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation (if applicable); and (vii) such other information respecting the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as any Lender through the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request. SECTION 5.02. Negative Covenants. So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Borrower will not, without the written consent of the Required Lenders: (a) Liens, Etc. Create or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Principal Domestic Subsidiaries to create or suffer to exist, any Lien on any Restricted Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, without making effective provision (and the Borrower covenants and agrees that it will make or cause to be made effective provision) whereby the Advances shall be directly secured by such Lien equally and ratably with (or prior to) all other indebtedness secured by such Lien as long as such other indebtedness shall be so secured; provided, however, that there shall be excluded from the foregoing restrictions: (i) Liens securing Debt not exceeding 100,000,000 which are existing on the date hereof on Restricted Property; and, if any property now owned or leased by Borrower or by a present Principal Domestic Subsidiary at any time hereafter becomes a Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property, any Liens existing on the date hereof on such property securing the Debt now secured or evidenced thereby; (ii) Liens on Restricted Property of a Principal Domestic Subsidiary as security for Debt of such Subsidiary to the Borrower or to another Principal Domestic Subsidiary; (iii) in the case of any corporation which becomes a Principal Domestic Subsidiary after the date of this Agreement, Liens on Restricted Property of such Principal Domestic Subsidiary which are in existence at the time it becomes a 

59 Principal Domestic Subsidiary and which were not incurred in contemplation of its becoming a Principal Domestic Subsidiary; (iv) any Lien existing prior to the time of acquisition of any Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property acquired by the Borrower or a Principal Domestic Subsidiary after the date of this Agreement through purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise; (v) any Lien on any Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property (other than a Major Domestic Manufacturing Property) acquired or constructed by the Borrower or a Principal Domestic Subsidiary after the date of this Agreement, which is placed on such Property at the time of or within 180 days after the acquisition thereof or prior to, at the time of or within 180 days after completion of construction thereof to secure all or a portion of the price of such acquisition or construction or funds borrowed to pay all or a portion of the price of such acquisition or construction; (vi) extensions, renewals or replacements of any Lien referred to in clause (i), (iii), (iv) or (v) of this subsection (a) to the extent that the principal amount of the Debt secured or evidenced thereby is not increased, provided that the Lien is not extended to any other Restricted Property unless the aggregate value of Restricted Property encumbered by such Lien is not materially greater than the value (as determined at the time of such extension, renewal or replacement) of the Restricted Property originally encumbered by the Lien being extended, renewed or replaced; (vii) Liens imposed by law, such as carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, vendors and landlords liens, and Liens arising out of judgments or awards against the Borrower or any Principal Domestic Subsidiary which are (x) immaterial or (y) with respect to which the Borrower or such Subsidiary at the time shall currently be prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review and with respect to which it shall have secured a stay of execution pending such appeal or proceedings for review; (viii) minor survey exceptions, minor encumbrances, easements or reservations of, or rights of others for, rights of way, sewers, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other similar purposes, and zoning or other restrictions as to the use of any Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property, which exceptions, encumbrances, easements, reservations, rights and restrictions do not, in the opinion of the Borrower, in the aggregate materially detract from the value of such Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property or materially impair its use in the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Principal Domestic Subsidiaries; and (ix) any Lien on Restricted Property not referred to in clauses (i) through (viii) of this subsection (a) if, at the time such Lien is created, incurred, assumed or suffered to be created, incurred or assumed, and after giving 

60 effect thereto and to the Debt secured or evidenced thereby, the aggregate amount of all outstanding Debt of the Borrower and its Principal Domestic Subsidiaries secured or evidenced by Liens on Restricted Property which are not referred to in clauses (i) through (viii) of this subsection (a) and which do not equally and ratably secure the Advances shall not exceed 15 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. If at any time the Borrower or any Principal Domestic Subsidiary shall create, incur or assume or suffer to be created, incurred or assumed any Lien on Restricted Property by which the Advances are required to be secured pursuant to the requirements of this subsection (a), the Borrower will promptly deliver to each Lender an opinion, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders, of the General Counsel of the Borrower (so long as the General Counsel is able to render an opinion as to the relevant local law) or other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders, to the effect that the Advances have been secured in accordance with such requirements. (b) Mergers, Etc. Merge or consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to, any Person, or permit any of its Significant Subsidiaries to do so, except that (i) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge or consolidate with or into, or transfer assets to, any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, (ii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge or consolidate with or into or transfer assets to the Borrower, (iii) the Borrower may merge with or transfer assets to, and any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge or consolidate with or into or transfer assets to, any other Person, provided that (A) in each case, immediately after giving effect to such proposed transaction, no Default would exist, (B) in the case of any such merger to which the Borrower is a party, the Borrower is the surviving corporation and (C) in the case of any such merger or consolidation of a Borrowing Subsidiary of the Borrower with or into any other Person, the Borrower shall remain the guarantor of such Subsidiary s obligations hereunder, and (iv) the Borrower may liquidate or dissolve any Subsidiary if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders. (c) Use of Proceeds. Use, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to use, any proceeds of any Advance for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), or to extend credit to others for such purpose, if, following application of the proceeds of such Advance, more than 25 of the value of the assets of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, or, during any period in which any Advance made to a Borrowing Subsidiary is outstanding, of such Borrowing Subsidiary only or of such Borrowing Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, which are subject to the restrictions of Section 5.02(a) or subject to any restriction contained in any agreement or instrument between the Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender, relating to Debt and within the scope of Section 6.01(d) (without giving effect to any limitation in principal amount contained therein) will be margin stock (as defined in such Regulation U); or request any Borrowing, or use, or permit its 

61 Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers and employees to use, the proceeds of any Borrowing (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) in any manner that would result in the violation of Sanctions, for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. ARTICLE VI EVENTS OF DEFAULT SECTION 6.01. Events of Default. If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur and be continuing: (a) The Borrower or any Borrowing Subsidiary shall fail to pay when due any principal of any Note or to pay, within five days after the date when due, the interest on any Note, any fees or any other amount payable hereunder or under any Guaranty; or (b) Any representation or warranty made by the Borrower herein or by the Borrower (or any of its officers) in connection with this Agreement or any Guaranty shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; or (c) The Borrower shall fail to perform or observe (i) any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 5.01(a) (as to the Borrower), 5.01(e)(iv) or 5.02, or (ii) any other term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those referred to in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 6.01) on its part to be performed or observed if the failure to perform or observe such other term, covenant or agreement referred to in this clause (ii) shall remain unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any Lender; or (d) The Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any principal of or premium or interest on any Debt which is outstanding in a principal amount of at least 150,000,000 in the aggregate (but excluding Debt outstanding hereunder) of the Borrower or such Subsidiary (as the case may be), when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Debt; or any other event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to any such Debt and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such event or condition is to accelerate the maturity of such Debt; or any such Debt shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment), prior to the stated maturity thereof; or 

62 (e) The Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 days, or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this subsection (e); or (f) Any judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of 150,000,000 (calculated after deducting from the sum so payable each amount thereof which will be paid by any insurer that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower to the extent such insurer has confirmed in writing its obligation to pay such amount with respect to such judgment or order) shall be rendered against the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) there shall be any period of 30 (or 60, in the case of any foreign judgment or order) consecutive days during which such judgment or order shall remain unsatisfied and a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or (g) The Borrower shall have incurred or, in the reasonable opinion of the Required Lenders, is reasonably expected to incur, liability having a Material Adverse Effect as a result of one or more of the following events which shall have occurred: (i) any ERISA Event; (ii) the partial or complete withdrawal of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan; or (iii) the insolvency or termination of a Multiemployer Plan; or (h) Any Guaranty or any provision of any Guaranty after delivery thereof pursuant to Section 8.06(b) shall for any reason cease to be valid and binding on the Borrower, or the Borrower shall so state in writing; then, and in any such event, the Administrative Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with the consent of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare the obligation of each Lender to make Advances to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, and (ii) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare the Advances, all interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Advances, all such interest and all such amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; 

63 provided, however, that in the event of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which borrows hereunder under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, (A) the obligation of each Lender to make Advances shall automatically be terminated and (B) the Advances, all such interest and all such amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower. The Lenders giving any notice hereunder shall give copies thereof to the Administrative Agent, but failure to do so shall not impair the effect of such notice. In the event the Borrower assigns to one or more Subsidiaries the right to borrow under this Agreement (as provided in Section 8.06), each reference in this Article VI to the Borrower shall be a reference to each such Subsidiary as well as to the Borrower. ARTICLE VII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT SECTION 7.01. Appointment and Authority. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Citibank to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and, except to the extent expressly set forth in Section 7.07, the Borrower shall not have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. SECTION 7.02. Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generally engage in any kind of business with, the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. SECTION 7.03. Exculpatory Provisions. (a) The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: (i) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; 

64 (ii) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein); provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any debtor relief law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any debtor relief law; and (iii) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. (b) The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 8.01 and 6.01), or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to the Administrative Agent in writing by the Borrower or a Lender. (c) The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article III or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. SECTION 7.04. Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of an Advance that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative 

65 Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Advance. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. SECTION 7.05. Indemnification. The Lenders agree to indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower), ratably according to the respective principal amounts of the Advances then owed to each of such Lenders (or if no Advances are at the time outstanding or if any Notes are held by Persons that are not Lenders, ratably according to the respective amounts of their Commitments), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as such) in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees) incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, to the extent that the Administrative Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by the Borrower. SECTION 7.06. Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. SECTION 7.07. Resignation of Administrative Agent. (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, subject to the consent of the Borrower, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the 

66 qualifications set forth above. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. (b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (v) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, subject to the consent of the Borrower, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. (c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and (2) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders with, if applicable, the consent of the Borrower, appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 8.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. (d) Any resignation pursuant to this Section by a Person acting as Administrative Agent shall, unless such Person shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders otherwise, also act to relieve such Person and its Affiliates of any obligation to advance Swing Line Advances where such advance is to occur on or after the effective date of such resignation. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Swing Line Lender, (ii) the retiring Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder, (iii) the successor Swing Line Lender shall enter into an Assignment and Assumption and acquire from the retiring Swing Line Lender each outstanding Swing Line Advance of such retiring Swing Line Lender for a purchase price equal to par plus accrued interest. SECTION 7.08. Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the 

67 Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder. SECTION 7.09. No Other Duties, etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the bookrunners, arrangers, syndication agents or documentation agents listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder. SECTION 7.10. Certain ERISA Matters. (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any Borrowing Subsidiary, that at least one of the following is and will be true: (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Commitments or this Agreement, (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement, (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect 

68 to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement, or (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any Borrowing Subsidiary, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any documents related hereto). As used in this Section: Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. SECTION 7.11. Erroneous Payments. (a) If the Administrative Agent (x) notifies a Lender, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender (any such Lender or other recipient (and each of its successors and assigns), a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds (as set forth in such notice from the Administrative Agent) received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and (y) demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent pending its return or repayment as contemplated below in this Section 7.11 and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter (or such 

69 later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of (A) the Federal Funds Rate in the case of Advances denominated in Dollars or the cost of funds incurred by the Administrative Agent in respect of such amount in the case of Advances denominated in Euro and (B) a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. (b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender (and each of its successors and assigns), hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then in each such case: (i) It acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error and mistake shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and (ii) such Lender shall (and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in immediately preceding clauses (x), (y) and (z)) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 7.11(b). For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 7.11(b) shall not have any effect on a Payment Recipient s obligations pursuant to Section 7.11(a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made. 

70 (c) Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such under this Agreement, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender under this Agreement with respect to any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, against any amount that the Administrative Agent has demanded to be returned under immediately preceding clause (a). (d) (i) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Lender at any time, then effective immediately (with the consideration therefor being acknowledged by the parties hereto), (A) such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Advances (but not its Commitments in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Advances (but not Commitments), the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment (on a cashless basis and such amount calculated at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance)), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an approved electronic platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants) with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Advances to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent (but the failure of such Person to deliver any such Notes shall not affect the effectiveness of the foregoing assignment), (B) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to have acquired the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (C) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender, (D) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall each be deemed to have waived any consents required under this Agreement to any such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and (E) the Administrative Agent will reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Advances subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. (ii) Subject to Section 8.06 (but excluding, in all events, any assignment consent or approval requirements (whether from the Borrower or otherwise)), the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Advances acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Advance (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). In addition, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable 

71 Lender (x) shall be reduced by the proceeds of prepayments or repayments of principal and interest, or other distribution in respect of principal and interest, received by the Administrative Agent on or with respect to any such Advances acquired from such Lender pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment (to the extent that any such Advances are then owned by the Administrative Agent) and (y) may, in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent, be reduced by any amount specified by the Administrative Agent in writing to the applicable Lender from time to time. (e) The parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, in the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Payment Recipient (and, in the case of any Payment Recipient who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, to the rights and interests of such Lender) under this Agreement with respect to such amount (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights (provided that the Borrower s obligations under this Agreement in respect of the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights shall not be duplicative of such obligations in respect of Advances that have been assigned to the Administrative Agent under an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any obligations owed by the Borrower or any Borrowing Subsidiary; provided that this Section 7.11 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent; provided, further, that for the avoidance of doubt, immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y) shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. (f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. (g) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 7.11 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations (or any portion thereof) of the Borrower and the Borrowing Subsidiaries under this Agreement. ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS SECTION 8.01. Amendments, Etc. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 2.19, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the Notes, nor 

72 consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Borrower and the Required Lenders, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Borrower and each of the Lenders adversely affected thereby, do any of the following: (a) waive any of the conditions specified in Section 3.01 or 3.02 (if and to the extent that the Borrowing for which such condition or conditions are waived would result in an increase in the aggregate amount of Advances over the aggregate amount of Advances outstanding immediately prior to such Borrowing), (b) except as otherwise expressly set forth in Sections 2.14 and 2.15, extend or increase the Commitment of such Lender or subject such Lender to any additional obligations, (c) reduce the principal of, or rate of interest on, the Advances or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender, (d) postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Advances or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender; provided that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend Section 2.06(d) or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay any increased interest pursuant to Section 2.06(d), (e) change the percentage of the Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Advances, or the number of Lenders, which shall be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder, (f) release the Borrower from its Guaranty or (g) amend Section 8.06(b)(ii) or this Section 8.01; provided further that (x) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above to take such action, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any Note, (y) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the applicable Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above to take such action, affect the rights or duties of such Swing Line Lender under this Agreement, and (z) this Agreement may be amended to adjust the borrowing mechanics related to Swing Line Advances with only the written consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Swing Line Lenders if the obligations of the Lenders are not adversely affected thereby. SECTION 8.02. Notices, Etc. (a) Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile as follows: (i) if to the Borrower or any Borrowing Subsidiary, to the Borrower at 300 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022, Attention of Treasurer (Facsimile No. (212) 310-3017; Telephone No. (212) 310- 2000); (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, to Citibank at Building Ops II, One Penns Way, New Castle, Delaware 19720, Attention of Bank Loan Syndications (Facsimile No. (212) 994-0961; Telephone No. (302) 894-6010; (iii) if to a Lender or a Swing Line Lender, to it at its address (or facsimile number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 

73 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). (b) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. (c) Change of Address, etc. Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. (d) Platform. (i) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Communications (as defined below) available to the Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar password-protected, restricted electronic transmission system (the Platform ). (ii) The Platform is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non- infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or the 

74 Platform. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person or entity for (i) direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) or (ii) in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, any other damages arising out of the Borrower s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of communications through the Platform. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material that the Borrower provides to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed to the Administrative Agent any Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through the Platform. SECTION 8.03. No Waiver; Remedies. No failure on the part of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any Note shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. SECTION 8.04. Costs, Expenses, Etc. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification and amendment of this Agreement, the Notes and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of not more than one counsel for the Administrative Agent, with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent as to its rights and responsibilities under this Agreement. The Borrower further agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, if any (including, without limitation, reasonable counsel fees and expenses), in connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Agreement, the Notes and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, reasonable counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section 8.04(a). (b) The Borrower undertakes and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent, Citibank, in its capacity as lead arranger (the Arranger ), each Lender and each of their Related Parties (each, an Indemnified Party against any and all claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including but not limited to fees and disbursements of counsel) which may be incurred by or asserted against such Indemnified Party, except where the direct result of such Indemnified Party s own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and nonappealable judgment, in connection with or arising out of any investigation, litigation, or proceeding (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower, and regardless of whether or not any Indemnified Party is a party thereto) relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the Notes or any actual or proposed use of proceeds of Advances hereunder, including but not limited to any acquisition or proposed acquisition by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of all or any portion of the stock or substantially all of the assets of any Person. 

75 (c) If any payment of principal of any Term Rate Advance is made other than on the last day of the Interest Period for such Term Rate Advance, as a result of a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.09 or acceleration of the maturity of the Advances pursuant to Section 6.01 or for any other reason, the Borrower shall upon demand by any Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent) pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses, costs or expenses which it may reasonably incur as a result of such payment, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding in any event loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund or maintain such Advance. For purposes of this clause (c), the assignment by a Lender of any Term Rate Advance other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18 shall be deemed to be a payment by the Borrower of the principal of such Term Rate Advance. (d) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement or obligation of the Borrower hereunder, the agreements and obligations of the Borrower contained in Sections 2.10, 2.12 and 8.04 shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the Notes. (e) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender or any of its Related Parties (each, a Lender-Related Party ), on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Lender-Related Party shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. SECTION 8.05. Right of Set-off. Upon (i) the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default and (ii) the making of the request or the granting of the consent specified by Section 6.01 to authorize the Administrative Agent to declare the Advances due and payable pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.01, each Lender is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Lender to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement and any Note held by such Lender, whether or not (in the case of obligations other than principal and interest) such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or such Note and although such obligations (other than principal) may be unmatured. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower after any such set-off and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) which such Lender may have. SECTION 8.06. Binding Effect; Assignment by Borrower. (a) This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Borrower and the Administrative 

76 Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Bank that such Bank has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender and (subject to Section 8.07) their respective successors and assigns, except that the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of all of the Lenders. (a) Notwithstanding subsection (a) above, the Borrower shall have the right to assign its rights to borrow hereunder (in whole or in part) to any Subsidiary (a Borrowing Subsidiary ), provided that (i) such Subsidiary assumes the obligations of the Borrower hereunder relating to the rights so assigned by executing and delivering an assignment and assumption agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, covering notices, places of payment and other mechanical details, (ii) the Borrower guarantees such Subsidiary s obligations thereunder and under any Notes issued in connection with such assignment and assumption by executing and delivering a Guaranty substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto (a Guaranty ), (iii) the Borrower and such Subsidiary furnish (x) the Administrative Agent with such other documents and legal opinions as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request relating to the existence of such Subsidiary, its power and authority to request Advances hereunder, and the authority of the Borrower to execute and deliver such Guaranty and the legality, validity, binding effect and enforceability of such assignment, assumption and Guaranty and (y) at least five Business Days in advance of such assignment, each Lender such documentation and other information required by governmental authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, as required under the Patriot Act and, in the case of a Subsidiary Borrower that is a legal entity customer within the meaning of the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, delivery of a Beneficial Ownership Certification to each Lender that so requests) and (iv) any such assignment to a Borrowing Subsidiary organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America shall be made only upon 30 days prior notice to the Administrative Agent. No such assignment and assumption shall substitute a Borrowing Subsidiary for the Borrower or relieve the Borrower named herein (i.e., Colgate- Palmolive Company) of its obligations with respect to the covenants, representations, warranties, Events of Default and other terms and conditions of this Agreement, all of which shall continue to apply to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. If the Borrower shall designate as a Borrowing Subsidiary hereunder any Subsidiary not organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof, any Lender may, with notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, fulfill its Commitment by causing an Affiliate of such Lender to act as the Lender in respect of such Borrowing Subsidiary. As soon as practicable and in any event within ten Business Days after notice of the assignment to a Borrowing Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than of the United States or a political subdivision thereof, any Lender that may not legally lend to, or whose internal policies, consistently applied, preclude lending to such Borrowing Subsidiary (a Protesting Lender shall so notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing. With respect to each Protesting Lender, the Borrower shall, effective on or before the date that such Borrowing Subsidiary shall have the right to borrow hereunder, either (i) arrange for one or more banks or other entities to take an assignment of all of such Protesting Lender s interests, rights and obligations (including such Protesting Lender s Commitment, the Advances 

77 owing to it and any Notes held by it) pursuant to and in compliance with Section 8.07 or (ii) notify the Administrative Agent and such Protesting Lender that the Commitment of such Protesting Lender shall be terminated, provided, however, that in each case such Protesting Lender shall have received one or more payments from either the Borrower or one or more assignees in an aggregate amount equal to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances owing to such Protesting Lender, together with accrued interest thereon to the date of payment of such principal amount and all other amounts due and payable to such Protesting Lender under this Agreement. Upon the effective date of the action taken under the immediately preceding sentence, (x) the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that interests, rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, have the interests, rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder and (y) the Protesting Lender shall relinquish its interests and rights, be released from its obligations under this Agreement and shall cease to be a party hereto. Each Borrowing Subsidiary hereby agrees that service of process in any action or proceeding brought in any New York State court or in federal court may be made upon the Borrower at its offices specified in Section 8.02, and such Borrowing Subsidiary hereby irrevocably appoints the Borrower to give any notice of any such service of process, and agrees that the failure of the Borrower to give any notice of any such service shall not impair or affect the validity of such service or of any judgment rendered in any action or proceeding based thereon. SECTION 8.07. Assignments and Participations. (a) Successors and Assigns Generally. No Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (g) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in paragraph (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (b) Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Advances at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: (i) Minimum Amounts. (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and/or the Advances at the time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 

78 (B) in any case not described in paragraph (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Advances outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Advances of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than the Borrowing Minimum and increments of the Borrowing Multiple in excess thereof, unless each of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). (ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Advance or the Commitment assigned. (iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition: (A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default under Section 6.01(a) or (e) has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (y) such assignment is to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within fifteen Business Days after having received notice thereof; (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; and (C) the consent of each Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments of any Revolving Credit Commitments. (iv) Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 to be paid by the assignee Lender or assignor Lender, as applicable; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) to any 

79 Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B). (vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person (or holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person). (vii) Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Advances previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Advances in accordance with its proportionate share of the Commitments. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.10, 2.12 and 8.04, and continue to have obligations under Section 7.05, in each case with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section. (c) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in the United States a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and 

80 addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Advances owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice, and the Administrative Agent shall make available a copy of the Register to the Borrower from time to time upon reasonable request of the Borrower. (d) No assignee of a Lender shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.10 and 2.12 in relation to circumstances applicable to such assignee immediately following the assignment to it which at such time (if a payment were then due to the assignee on its behalf from the Borrower) would give rise to any greater financial burden on the Borrower under Sections 2.10 and 2.12 than those which it would have been under in the absence of such assignment. (e) Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person (or holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person) or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Advances owing to it and including such Lender s participations in Swing Line Advances); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 7.05 with respect to any payments made by such Lender to its Participant(s). Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso of Section 8.01 that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.10 and 2.12 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 8.09 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 8.05 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. (f) Limitations upon Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.10 and 2.12 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale 

81 of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent. A Participant that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.12 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 2.12(f) as though it were a Lender. (g) Participation Register. Each Lender that sells a participation, acting solely for this purpose as a nonfiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain a register for the recordation of the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in its rights and other obligations under this Agreement (the Participation Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participation Register to any Person (including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a participant s interest in any commitments, loans or its other obligations under this Agreement) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. (h) Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. SECTION 8.08. Change of Control. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement, the Required Lenders may, upon and after the occurrence of a Change of Control, by notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) (i) immediately suspend or terminate the obligations of the Lenders to make Advances hereunder and/or (ii) require the Borrower to repay all or any portion of the Advances on the date or dates specified in the notice which shall not be less than 30 days after the giving of the notice. (b) For purposes of this Section Change of Control shall mean the happening of any of the following events: (i) An acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 30 or more of either (A) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Borrower or (B) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Borrower entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; excluding, however (1) any acquisition by the Borrower, or (2) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Borrower or any corporation controlled by the Borrower; or (ii) A change in composition of the Board of Directors of the Borrower (the Board such that the individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (such Board shall be hereinafter referred to as the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, for purposes of this 

82 Section 8.08, that any individual who becomes a member of the Board subsequent to the date hereof, whose election, or nomination for election by the Borrower s stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board and who were also members of the Incumbent Board (or deemed to be such pursuant to this proviso) shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board. SECTION 8.09. Mitigation of Adverse Circumstances. If circumstances arise which would or would upon the giving of notice result in a payment or an increase in the amount of any payment to be made to a Lender by reason of Section 2.02(c), 2.10 or 2.12, or which would result in a Lender being unable to make Term Rate Advances by reason of Section 2.02(b), then, without in any way limiting, reducing or otherwise qualifying the obligations of the Borrower under any of the such Sections, such Lender shall promptly, upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Borrower thereof and, in consultation with the Borrower, take such reasonable steps as may be open to it to mitigate the effects of such circumstances, including the transfer of its Applicable Lending Office to another jurisdiction; provided that such Lender shall be under no obligation to make any such transfer if in the bona fide opinion of such Lender, such transfer would or would likely have an adverse effect upon its business, operations or financial condition. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to Section 2.10 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate any Lender pursuant to Section 2.10 for any increased costs, including any penalties or interest thereon, incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the change giving rise to such amounts incurred or reductions, and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that if such change giving rise to such amounts incurred or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). SECTION 8.10. Governing Law. This Agreement and the Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. SECTION 8.11. Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. SECTION 8.12. Jurisdiction, Etc. (a) Each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or the transactions relating hereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto 

83 irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. (b) Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes in any such New York State or federal court. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. (c) Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 8.02. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. SECTION 8.13. Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential); (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners); (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (d) to any other party hereto; (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder; (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement; (g) with the consent of the Borrower; or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section, or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents or any Lender in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the Commitments For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after the date hereof, (i) such information shall be deemed Information to the extent such information includes any forward-looking information or 

84 projections or company-specific business or financing strategies and (ii) with respect to any other information, such other information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. SECTION 8.14. Patriot Act Notification; Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Each Lender and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub.L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) and the promulgated regulations thereto (the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation (if applicable), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation (if applicable). The Borrower shall provide, to the extent commercially reasonable, such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lenders in order to assist the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in maintaining compliance with the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation (if applicable). SECTION 8.15. No Fiduciary Duties. The Administrative Agent, each Lender and their Affiliates may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Borrower or the Borrowing Subsidiary. The Borrower agrees that in connection with all aspects of the transactions contemplated hereby and any communications in connection therewith, the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates, on the other hand, will have a business relationship that does not create, by implication or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or their respective Affiliates and no such duty will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such transactions or communications. SECTION 8.16. Judgment. (a) If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in Dollars into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase Dollars with such other currency at Citibank s principal office in London at 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. (b) If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in Euro into Dollars, the parties agree to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase Euro with Dollars at Citibank s principal office in London at 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. (c) The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any sum due from it in any currency (the Primary Currency to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder shall, 

85 notwithstanding any judgment in any other currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency, such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the applicable Primary Currency with such other currency; if the amount of the applicable Primary Currency so purchased is less than such sum due to such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) in the applicable currency, the Borrower and each Borrowing Subsidiary agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) against such loss, and if the amount of the applicable Primary Currency so purchased exceeds such sum due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) in the applicable Primary Currency, such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) agrees to remit to the Borrower or such Borrowing Subsidiary such excess. SECTION 8.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under this Agreement or any Note, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write- Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any Note; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

86 Colgate-Palmolive SECTION 8.18. Waiver of Jury Trial. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each of the Borrower, the Borrowing Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Notes or any Guaranty or the actions of the Administrative Agent or any Lender in the negotiation, administration, performance or enforcement thereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY By /s/ Stephane Lionnet Name: Stephane Lionnet Title: Vice President and Corporate Treasurer CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By /s/ Michael Vondriska Name: Michael Vondriska Title: Vice President 

02/1236369 Colgate-Palmolive BANKS: CITIBANK, N.A. By /s/ Michael Vondriska Name: Michael Vondriska Title: Vice President BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. By /s/ John Dorost Name: John Dorost Title: Vice President BNP PARIBAS By /s/David Foster Name: David Foster Title: Director By /s/Claudia Zarate Name: Claudia Zarate Title: Managing Director HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By /s/ Jason Fuqua Name: Jason Fuqua Title: Vice President JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. By /s/ James Kyle O Donnell Name: James Kyle O Donnell Title: Vice President U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By /s/ Conan Schleicher Name: Conan Schleicher Title: Senior Vice President 

02/1236369 Colgate-Palmolive WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By /s/ Michael J. Stein Name: Michael J. Stein Title: Director BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. NEW YORK BRANCH By /s/ Cara Younger Name: Cara Younger Title: Managing Director By /s/ Miriam Trautmann Name: Miriam Trautmann Title: Managing Director BARCLAYS BANK PLC By /s/ Ritam Bhalla Name: Ritam Bhalla Title: Director GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA By /s/ Ananda DeRoche Name: Ananda DeRoche Title: Authorized Signatory MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A. By /s/ Michael King Name: Michael King Title: Authorized Signatory AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND BANKING GROUP LIMITED By /s/ Cynthia Dioquino Name: Cynthia Dioquino Title: Director 

02/1236369 Colgate-Palmolive INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL BANK OF CHINA LIMITED, NEW YORK BRANCH By /s/Bessie Peng Name: Bessie Peng Title: Executive Director By /s/David Siegel Name: David Siegel Title: Director THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON By /s/ John Park Name: John Park Title: Senior Associate THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA By /s/Todd Kennedy Name: Todd Kennedy Title: Managing Director 

SCHEDULE I COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY CREDIT AGREEMENT COMMITMENTS Name of Bank Revolving Credit Commitment Swing Line Commitment Citibank, N.A. 420,000,000 350,000,000 Bank of America, N.A. 280,000,000 BNP Paribas 280,000,000 HSBC Bank USA, National Association 280,000,000 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 280,000,000 U.S. Bank National Association 280,000,000 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 280,000,000 Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., New York Branch 150,000,000 Barclays Bank PLC 150,000,000 Goldman Sachs Bank USA 150,000,000 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 150,000,000 Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited 75,000,000 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, New York Branch 75,000,000 The Bank of New York Mellon 75,000,000 The Bank of Nova Scotia 75,000,000 Total: 3,000,000,000 350,000,000 

-1- SCHEDULE 4.01(f) DISCLOSED LITIGATION None. 

-1- EXHIBIT A - FORM OF NOTE U.S. Dated: , 20__ FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY to (the Lender for the account of its Applicable Lending Office (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below) the principal sum of U.S. [amount of the Lender s Commitment in figures] or, if less, the aggregate principal amount of each Advance (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below) on the Termination Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below) owing to the Lender by the Borrower pursuant to the Amended and Restated Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of November 4, 2022 among the Borrower, the Lender and certain other lenders parties thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lender and such other lenders, (as amended or modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) on the Termination Date. The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance from the date of such Advance until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates, and payable at such times, as are specified in the Credit Agreement. Both principal and interest in respect of each Advance (i) denominated in Dollars are payable in lawful money of the United States of America and (ii) denominated in Euro are payable in such currency, in each case to Citibank, N.A. as Administrative Agent, at its offices at Building Ops II, One Penns Way, New Castle, Delaware 19720, in immediately available funds. Each Advance owing to the Lender by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the date on which it is due, the interest rate thereon and all prepayments made on account of principal thereof shall be recorded by the Lender on its books, and for each Advance outstanding at the time of any transfer hereof, the same information shall be endorsed on the grid attached hereto which is part of this Promissory Note. This Promissory Note is one of the Notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement, among other things, (i) provides for the making of Advances by the Lender to the Borrower from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the Dollar amount first above mentioned, the indebtedness of the Borrower resulting from each such Advance being evidenced by this Promissory Note, (ii) contains provisions for determining the Equivalent in Dollars for Advances denominated in Euro and (iii) contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events. 

-2- The Borrower hereby waives presentment, demand, protest and notice of any kind under this Promissory Note. No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any rights hereunder on the part of the holder hereof shall operate as a waiver of such rights. This Promissory Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY By Name: Title: 

-3- SCHEDULE TO PROMISSORY NOTE DATED __________, 20__ OF COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY ADVANCES AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL Date Amount and Currency of Advance Date Principal Due Amount of Principal Paid or Prepaid Rate Unpaid Principal Balance Notation Made By 

-1- EXHIBIT B - FORM OF NOTICE OF BORROWING Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders parties to the Credit Agreement referred to below Building Ops II, One Penns Way New Castle, Delaware 19720 [Date] Attention: Bank Loan Syndications Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned, Colgate-Palmolive Company, refers to the Amended and Restated Five Year Credit Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2022 (as amended or otherwise modified through the date hereof, the Credit Agreement , the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the undersigned, certain Lenders parties thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for said Lenders, and hereby gives you notice, irrevocably, pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement that the undersigned hereby requests a [Revolving Credit Borrowing] [Swing Line Borrowing] under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection sets forth below the information relating to such [Revolving Credit Borrowing] [Swing Line Borrowing] (the Proposed Borrowing as required by Section 2.02(a) of the Credit Agreement: (i) The Business Day of the Proposed Borrowing is , 20__. (ii) The Type of Advances comprising the Proposed Borrowing is [Base Rate Advances] [Term Rate Advances] [Swing Line Advances]. (iii) The aggregate amount of the Proposed Borrowing is [ ][ ] . (iv) [The currency for each Revolving Credit Advance made as part of the Proposed Borrowing is [Dollars] [Euro].1 (v) The Interest Period for each Term Rate Advance made as part of the Proposed Borrowing is month[s].] The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the Proposed Borrowing: 1 Do not include bracketed language if Proposed Borrowing is a Swing Line borrowing. 

-2- (A) the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 (other than the last sentence of Section 4.01(e) and other than Section 4.01(f)(i)) of the Credit Agreement are correct in all material respects, before and after giving effect to the Proposed Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date; and (B) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a Default. Very truly yours, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY By: Name: Title: 

-1- EXHIBIT C - FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between the Assignor identified in item 1 below (the Assignor and the Assignee identified in item 2 below (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the facility identified below, and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by the Assignor to the Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest ). Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 1. Assignor: ________________________________ ______________________________ [Assignor [is] [is not] a Defaulting Lender] 2. Assignee: ______________________________ ______________________________ [for Assignee, indicate [Affiliate][Approved Fund] of [identify Lender]] 3. Borrower(s): Colgate-Palmolive Company 4. Administrative Agent: Citibank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 

-2- 5. Credit Agreement: The Amended and Restated Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of November 4, 2022 among Colgate-Palmolive Company, the Lenders parties thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents parties thereto 6. Assigned Interest: Assignor Assignee Facility Assigned2 Aggregate Amount of Commitment/ Advances for all Lenders18 Amount of Commitment/ Advances Assigned8 Percentage Assigned of Commitment / Advances 19 CUSIP Number [7. Trade Date: ______________]20 [Page break] 2 Fill in the types of facility under the Credit Agreement that is being assigned (e.g., Revolving Credit Commitment and/or Swing Line Commitment ). 18 Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 19 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/ Revolving Credit Advances of all Lenders thereunder. 20 To be completed if the Assignor(s) and the Assignee(s) intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date. 

-3- Effective Date: _____________ ___, 20___ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: ASSIGNOR [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] By:______________________________ Title: ASSIGNEE [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] By:______________________________ Title: [Consented to and]23 Accepted: [NAME OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT], as Administrative Agent By: _________________________________ Title: [Consented to:]24 [COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY] By: ________________________________ Title: 23 To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 24 To be added only if the consent of the Borrower is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

-4- ANNEX 1 COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY AMENDED AND RESTATED FIVE YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 1. Representations and Warranties. 1.1 Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it is [not] a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of the Credit Agreement, or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under the Credit Agreement. 1.2. Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all the requirements to be an assignee under Section 8.07(b)(iii), (v) and (vi) of the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 8.07(b)(iii) of the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(e) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest, and (vii) if it is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States, attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any 

-5- other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to, on or after the Effective Date. The Assignor and the Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments by the Administrative Agent for periods prior to the Effective Date or with respect to the making of this assignment directly between themselves. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to the Assignee. 3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

EXHIBIT D FORM OF GUARANTY GUARANTY, dated , 20__, made by COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Delaware (the Guarantor ), in favor of Citibank, N.A., as agent (the Administrative Agent for each of the Lenders (the Lenders parties to the Credit Agreement (as defined below). PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS. (1) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Guarantor have entered into a Amended and Restated Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of November 4, 2022 (said Agreement, as it may heretofore have been or hereafter be amended or otherwise modified from time to time, being the Credit Agreement , the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein as therein defined). Pursuant to Section 8.06(b) of the Credit Agreement and an Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated , 20__ the Guarantor has assigned to , a corporation organized and existing under the laws of (the Assignee ), certain rights under the Credit Agreement, so that the Assignee may borrow and receive Advances under the Credit Agreement. The Assignee is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor and engages in business transactions with the Guarantor, and the Guarantor represents that it will derive substantial direct and indirect benefit from all Advances to the Assignee. (2) It is a condition precedent to the making of such assignment to the Assignee that the Guarantor shall have executed and delivered this Guaranty. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and in order to induce the Lenders to accept such assignment and to make Advances to the Assignee under the Credit Agreement, the Guarantor hereby agrees as follows: SECTION 1. Guaranty. The Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees the punctual payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all obligations of the Assignee now or hereafter existing under the Credit Agreement and under any Notes evidencing Advances to the Assignee (the Notes ), whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses or otherwise (such obligations being the Obligations ), and agrees to pay any and all expenses (including counsel fees and expenses) incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in enforcing any rights under this Guaranty. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Guarantor s liability shall extend to all amounts which constitute part of the Obligations and would be owed by the Assignee to the Lenders under the Credit Agreement and the Notes but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving the Assignee. SECTION 2. Guaranty Absolute. The Guarantor guarantees that the Obligations will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and the Notes, regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of the Lenders with respect thereto. The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guaranty are independent of the Obligations, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against the Guarantor to enforce this Guaranty, 

2 irrespective of whether any action is brought against the Assignee or whether the Assignee is joined in any such action or actions. The liability of the Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of: (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of the Credit Agreement, the Notes or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto; (ii) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from the Credit Agreement or the Notes, including, without limitation, any increase in the Obligations resulting from the extension of additional credit to the Assignee or any of its subsidiaries or otherwise; (iii) any taking, exchange, release or non-perfection of any collateral, or any taking, release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other guaranty, for all or any of the Obligations; (iv) any manner of application of collateral, or proceeds thereof, to all or any of the Obligations, or any manner of sale or other disposition of any collateral for all or any of the Obligations or any other assets of the Assignee or any of its subsidiaries; (v) any change, restructuring or termination of the corporate structure or existence of the Assignee or any of its subsidiaries or its status as a Subsidiary of the Guarantor; or (vi) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Assignee or a guarantor. This Guaranty shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by the Administrative Agent or any Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Assignee or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. SECTION 3. Waiver. The Guarantor hereby waives promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of the Obligations, this Guaranty or any circumstance referred to in Section 2, and waives any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any Lender protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against the Assignee or any other person or entity or any collateral. SECTION 4. Subrogation. (a) The Guarantor will not exercise any rights which it may acquire by way of subrogation under this Guaranty, by any payment made hereunder or otherwise, until all the Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Guaranty shall have been paid in full and the Commitments shall have expired or terminated. If any amount shall be paid to the Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at any time prior to the later of (x) the payment in full of the Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Guaranty and (y) the expiration or termination of the Commitments, such amount shall be deemed to have been paid to the Guarantor for the benefit of, and held in trust for the benefit of, the Administrative 

3 Agent and the Lenders and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent to be credited and applied upon the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement or to be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral security for any Obligations thereafter existing. If (i) the Guarantor shall make payment to the Administrative Agent of all or any part of the Obligations, (ii) all the Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Guaranty shall be paid in full and (iii) the Commitments shall have expired or terminated, the Administrative Agent will, at the Guarantor s request, execute and deliver to the Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to the Guarantor of an interest in the Obligations resulting from such payment by the Guarantor. (b) The Guarantor agrees that, to the extent that the Assignee makes a payment or payments to the Administrative Agent or any Lender or the Administrative Agent or any Lender receives any proceeds of collateral, which payment or payments or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or otherwise required to be repaid to the Assignee, its estate, trustee, receiver or any other party, including, without limitation, under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause, then to the extent of such payment or repayment, the Obligation or part thereof which has been paid, reduced or satisfied by such amount shall be reinstated and continued in full force and effect as of the date such initial payment, reduction or satisfaction occurred. The Guarantor shall defend and indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender from and against any claim or loss under this Section 4(b) (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) in the defense of any such action or suit. SECTION 5. Payments With Respect to Taxes, Etc. Any and all payments made by the Guarantor hereunder shall be subject to and made in accordance with Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement as if all such payments were being made by the Borrower. SECTION 6. Representations and Warranties. The Guarantor hereby represents and warrants as follows: (a) The Guarantor is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation. (b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this Guaranty are within the Guarantor s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not contravene (i) the Guarantor s charter or by-laws or (ii) applicable law or any material contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Guarantor. (c) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this Guaranty. (d) This Guaranty is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as the same may 

4 be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar law affecting creditors rights generally, or by general principles of equity. (e) The Assignee is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor and is a duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of . (f) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this Guaranty. (g) The Assignee is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor and is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of . (h) There are no conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Guaranty that have not been satisfied or waived. (i) The Guarantor has, independently and without reliance upon any Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Guaranty. SECTION 7. Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Guaranty, and no consent to any departure by the Guarantor herefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Guarantor and the Required Lenders, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given, provided, however, that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders, (a) limit or release the liability of the Guarantor hereunder, (b) postpone any date fixed for payment hereunder, or (c) change the number of Lenders required to take any action hereunder. SECTION 8. Addresses for Notices. All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be given and effective as provided in Section 8.02 of the Credit Agreement. SECTION 9. No Waiver; Remedies. No failure on the part of any Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. SECTION 10. Right of Set-off. If the Guarantor shall fail to make any payment promptly when due hereunder after notice by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to the Guarantor that the Assignee has failed to pay any Obligation when due, each Lender is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Lender to or for the credit or the account of the Guarantor against any and all of the obligations of the Guarantor now or hereafter existing under this Guaranty, whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Guaranty and although such obligations may be contingent and unmatured. Each Lender agrees 

5 to notify the Guarantor, the Administrative Agent and each other Lender promptly after any such set-off and application made by such Lender, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) which such Lender may have. SECTION 11. Continuing Guaranty; Assignments Under Credit Agreement. This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall (i) remain in full force and effect until the later of (x) the payment in full of the Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Guaranty and (y) the expiration or termination of the Commitments, (ii) be binding upon the Guarantor, its successors and assigns, and (iii) inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and their respective successors, transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (iii), any Lender may assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement (including, without limitation, all or any portion of its Commitment, the Advances owing to it and any Note held by it) to any other person or entity, and such other person or entity shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted to such Lender herein or otherwise, subject, however, to the provisions of Section 8.07 of the Credit Agreement. SECTION 12. Governing Law. This Guaranty shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Guarantor has caused this Guaranty to be duly executed and delivered by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written. COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY By Name Title 

6 EXHIBIT E FORM OF ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT Dated:________ Colgate-Palmolive Company 300 Park Avenue New York, New York 10022 Attention: Treasurer Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent Building Ops II One Penns Way New Castle, Delaware 19720 Attention: Bank Loan Syndications Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of November 4, 2022 among Colgate-Palmolive Company (the Borrower ), the Lenders parties thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), for such Lenders. The undersigned (the Assuming Lender proposes to become an Assuming Lender pursuant to Section [2.14(d)] [2.15(c)] of the Credit Agreement and, in that connection, hereby agrees that it shall become a Lender for purposes of the Credit Agreement on [applicable Increase Date][specify other date] (the Effective Date and that its Commitment shall as of such date be __________. The undersigned (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assumption Agreement and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iii) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to become a Lender and it is experienced in entering into transactions this type, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(e) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assumption Agreement, (v) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assumption Agreement, and (vi) if it is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States, attached to this Assumption Agreement is any 

7 documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the undersigned; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. [Pursuant to Section 2.16 of the Credit Agreement, the Assuming Lender requests that the Borrower deliver to the Administrative Agent (to be promptly delivered to the Assuming Lender) Notes payable to the Assuming Lender, dated as of the Effective Date and substantially in the form of Exhibit A to the Credit Agreement.] The effective date for this Assumption Agreement shall be the Effective Date. Upon delivery of this Assumption Agreement to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and satisfaction of all conditions imposed under Section [2.14][2.15] of the Credit Agreement as of the Effective Date, the undersigned shall be a party to the Credit Agreement and have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder. As of the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments under the Credit Agreement in respect of the interest assumed hereby (including, without limitation, all payments of principal, interest and facility fees) to the Assuming Lender. This Assumption Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assumption Agreement. This Assumption Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. Very truly yours, [NAME OF ASSUMING LENDER] By________________________ Name: Title: Applicable Lending Office (and address for notices): [Address] 

8 Above Acknowledged and Agreed to: CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By______________________ Name: Title: COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY By______________________ Name: Title: 

Exhibit F-1-1 EXHIBIT F-1 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 4, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Colgate-Palmolive Company, each Lender from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Advances(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Advances (s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W- 8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided in this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. [NAME OF LENDER] By: Name: Title: Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

Exhibit F-2-1 EXHIBIT F-2 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 4, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Colgate-Palmolive Company, each Lender from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided in this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] By: Name: Title: Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

Exhibit F-3-1 EXHIBIT F-3 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 4, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Colgate-Palmolive Company, each Lender from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W- 8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W- 8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided in this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] By: Name: Title: Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

2 EXHIBIT F-4 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 4, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Colgate-Palmolive Company, each Lender from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Advance(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Advance(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Advance(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Advance(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided in this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] By: Name: Title: Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

</EX-10.I>

<EX-10.J>
 4
 exhibit10-j12312022.htm
 EX-10.J

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10-J 

 COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY SUPPLEMENTAL SAVINGS AND INVESTMENT PLAN 

Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2022 

EXHIBIT 10-J 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE 

ARTICLE 1. INTRODUCTION . 
 1 
 ARTICLE 2. DEFINITIONS .. 
 1 
 ARTICLE 3. BENEFITS . 
 3 
 ARTICLE 4. PLAN ADMINISTRATION ... 
 8 
 APPENDIX A . 
 16 

COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY SUPPLEMENTAL SAVINGS AND INVESTMENT PLAN 
 Colgate-Palmolive Company hereby continues the Colgate-Palmolive Company Supplemental Savings and Investment Plan, a non-qualified, unfunded plan which it maintains to provide Eligible Employees with a benefit which, in the absence of certain limitations imposed by the Code, would have been provided under the Colgate-Palmolive Company Employees Savings and Investment Plan. 
 ARTICLE 1 INTRODUCTION 
 Section 1.1 Name of Plan . The name of this Plan is the Colgate-Palmolive Company Supplemental Savings and Investment Plan . 
 Section 1.2 Effective Date . The original effective date of this Plan was January 1, 1991. The Plan was most recently amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2021, except as otherwise provided therein. The Plan is amended and restated again effective as of January 1, 2022, except as otherwise provided herein. 
 Section 1.3 ERISA Status . This Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan for the benefit of a select group of management or highly compensated employees exempt from parts 2, 3, and 4 of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS 
 Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Base Plan. Whenever reference is made herein to this Plan , such reference shall be to this Colgate-Palmolive Company Supplemental Savings and Investment Plan. 
 Section 2.1 Account shall mean a separate account maintained for a Member to record the Allocation that is deferred under Section 3.4 of the Plan, and the earnings and losses allocable thereto. Separate sub-accounts shall be maintained within the Account for each 
 1 

Member to reflect the aggregate Allocations deferred for Plan Years (a) 1991 through 2002 (b) 2003 through 2009, plus the Allocations for 2010 attributable to Company Matching Contributions and (c) 2011 and later, plus the portion of the 2010 Allocations not included in (b) above, and in each case the respective earnings and losses thereon. 
 Section 2.2 Allocations shall mean the amount determined under Section 3.2 below for any applicable period. 
 Section 2.3 Base Plan shall mean the Colgate-Palmolive Company Employees Savings and Investment Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 Section 2.4 Change of Control shall have the meaning given to such term under the Colgate-Palmolive Company Executive Severance Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 Section 2.5 Deferred Allocation shall mean the amount described in Section 3.4 below. 
 Section 2.6 EICP ABRC Member shall mean an EICP ABRC Member as defined under Section 4.1(d) of the Base Plan. 
 Section 2.7 Eligible Employee shall mean (I) for Plan Years prior to 2011 (a) a non-union person who is employed by the Employer on a full-time or part-time basis as of January 1 of a Plan Year and is, or is expected to become, eligible to participate in the Base Plan during the Plan Year, or (b) a Third Country National or United States Employee in Foreign Service as of January 1 of a Plan Year who is eligible to participate in the Base Plan, and whose Recognized Earnings for such Plan Year in either case are expected to be limited by Code section 401(a)(17) (II) for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 2011, Eligible Employee shall mean (a) a non-union person who is employed by the Employer on a full-time or part-time basis and is eligible to participate in the Base Plan, or (b) a Third Country National or United States 
 2 

Employee in Foreign Service who is eligible to participate in the Base Plan, and whose Eligible Earnings (or for Plan Years prior to January 1, 2022, Recognized Earnings) in either case are limited by Code section 401(a)(17) (III) for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 2020, an EICP ABRC Member or (IV) for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 2022, a Third Country National or United States Employee in Foreign Service who earns Eligible Bonuses during the applicable Plan Year. 
 Section 2.8 Grandfathered Benefit shall mean the portion of the Member s Account that reflects the Allocations deferred for Plan Years prior to 2005, as adjusted for earnings and losses thereon. 
 Section 2.9 Member shall mean an Eligible Employee who participates in this Plan pursuant to Article III. An Eligible Employee shall remain a Member under this Plan until all amounts credited to his Account under this Plan have been paid. 
 Section 2.10 Subsidiary shall mean a domestic or foreign company, at least 50 of whose issued and outstanding voting shares are directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the Company. 
 ARTICLE 3 BENEFITS 
 Section 3.1 Participation . An Eligible Employee will participate in this Plan if Eligible Earnings (or for Plan Years prior to January 1, 2022, Recognized Earnings), as determined under the Base Plan, are limited by Code section 401(a)(17). Effective for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 2020, an Eligible Employee who is an EICP ABRC Member will also participate in this Plan. Effective for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 2022, an Eligible Employee who is a Third Country National or United States in Foreign Service who earns Eligible Bonuses during the applicable Plan Year will also participate in the Plan. For any Plan 
 3 

Year for which a deferral election under Section 3.4 was permitted, a person who was hired and became an Eligible Employee after January 1 of such Plan Year was not eligible to make a deferral election until the election for the following Plan Year. 
 Section 3.2 Amount of Allocations . 
 (a) For Plan Years prior to January 1, 2022, a Member s Allocation for any applicable period shall be equal to the difference between (a) and (b) below where (a) is the sum of (i) the Company Matching Contribution based on the Member s elected percentage under the Base Plan (for the 2010 Plan Year, determined as of the first day of such Plan Year) and (ii) the Member s Basic Retirement Contributions and Additional Basic Retirement Contributions that would have been made under the Base Plan for the applicable period on behalf of such Member, in each case determined (x) without regard to the provision in Section 4.1(d) of the Base Plan that excludes EICP ABRC Members from eligibility for Additional Basic Retirement Contributions thereunder and (y) as if the Recognized Earnings used in calculating such contributions were not limited by Code section 401(a)(17) and (b) is the Company Matching Contribution, Basic Retirement Contributions and Additional Basic Retirements Contributions actually made under the Base Plan for such period. For the 2010 Plan Year, Company Matching Contributions under (a)(i) and (b) above shall be based on the matching contribution formula in effect under the Base Plan on January 1, 2010 and the Company Matching Contribution under (b) above shall be determined on the basis of the same elected percentage as in (a) but with the Recognized Earnings subject to such elected percentage limited by Code section 401(a)(17). 
 (b) For Plan Years on or after January 1, 2022, a Member s Allocation for any applicable period shall be equal to the sum of the following amounts, as applicable 
 4 

(i) The difference between (a) and (b) below where (a) is the Member s Basic Retirement Contributions and Additional Basic Retirement Contributions that would have been made under the Base Plan for the applicable period on behalf of such Member, in each case determined (x) without regard to the provision in Section 4.1(d) of the Base Plan that excludes EICP ABRC Members from eligibility for Additional Basic Retirement Contributions thereunder and (y) as if the Eligible Earnings used in calculating such contributions were not limited by Code section 401(a)(17) and (b) is the Basic Retirement Contributions and Additional Basic Retirement Contributions actually made under the Base Plan for such period and 
 (ii) Solely for a Member whose Eligible Earnings exceed the limit under Code section 401(a)(17) for the applicable Plan Year, the amount equal to the following percentage of Eligible Earnings paid to such Member on each pay date coincident with or immediately following the date on which such Member s Eligible Earnings exceed the limit under Code section 401(a)(17) for the applicable Plan Year 
 Years of 
 Vesting Service 
 Supplemental Matching 
 Contribution Percentage 
 Less than five (5) 3 of Eligible Earnings in excess of the limit under Code section 401(a)(17) for the applicable Plan Year Five (5) or more 4.5 of Eligible Earnings in excess of the limit under Code section 401(a)(17) for the applicable Plan Year 
 
 For purposes of this Section 3.2(b)(ii), Eligible Earnings means (a) for any Employee who is not a Third Country National or United States Employee in Foreign Service, the meaning ascribed under the Base Plan, and (b) for any Employee who is a Third Country National or United States Employee in Foreign Service, the Employee s base rate of pay, determined as of 
 5 

January 1 of the Plan Year (or as of the date on which the Employee becomes a Third Country National or United States Employee in Foreign Service after January 1) 
 (iii) Solely for a Member who is a Third Country National or United States Employee in Foreign Service, the amount equal to the following percentage of Eligible Bonuses paid to such Member on each applicable pay date for the applicable Plan Year 
 Years of 
 Vesting Service 
 Supplemental Matching 
 Contribution Percentage 
 Less than five (5) 3 of Eligible Bonuses Five (5) or more 4.5 of Eligible Bonuses 
 
 (c) Additional Allocations shall be credited to the Account of the Members identified in Schedule A for the applicable Plan Year, in the amounts and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in such Schedule A. 
 Section 3.3 Distribution of Amounts Credited for any Plan Year Prior to 2010 . Absent a timely deferral election made in accordance with Section 3.4, a Member s Allocation for any Plan Year prior to 2010, and the Allocations for 2010 attributable to the Company Matching Contributions, shall be distributed to the Member on or about December 15th of such Plan Year. 
 Section 3.4 Deferral Election . For Plan Years prior to 2011, a Member may elect before the beginning of the applicable Plan Year to defer distribution of his Allocation for such Plan Year, resulting in a Deferred Allocation. For the 2010 Plan Year the election is limited to the portion of the Allocation attributable to the Company Matching Contribution. Such election shall be made on a form provided by, and delivered to, the Employee Relations Committee prior to the first day of the Plan Year. Amounts deferred hereunder shall be credited to the Member s Account. A Member s Allocations for any applicable period beginning after 2010, and the 2010 
 6 

Allocations not attributable to Company Matching Allocations, shall automatically be credited to the Member s Account. 
 Section 3.5 Adjustments to Deferred Allocations . Deferred Allocations shall be adjusted as follows 
 (a) amounts allocated to the separate account under Section 2.1(a) shall be credited with earnings and losses based on the performance of shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Preference Stock (including dividends thereon which shall be deemed to be reinvested in such shares) 
 (b) amounts allocated to the separate account under Section 2.1(b) for the period January 1, 2010 through September 30, 2010 shall be credited with interest at an annual rate equal to the interest rate credited on long-term deferrals under the Colgate-Palmolive Company Deferred Compensation Plan for 2010 
 (c) amounts allocated to the separate account under Section 2.1(b) after September 30, 2010 shall be credited with interest at an annual rate equal to 6.01 and 
 (d) amounts allocated to the separate account under Section 2.1(c) shall be credited with interest at the rate used under the Colgate-Palmolive Company Employees Retirement Income Plan for determining Interest Credits. 
 Section 3.6 Distribution of Member s Account . The vested portion of a Member s Account shall be distributed as soon as practicable following the end of the quarter in which the Member separated from service provided, however, that effective for distributions made on or after January 1, 2006, if the Member is a specified employee, as determined in accordance with procedures adopted by the Company that reflect the requirements of Code section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), distribution of the portion of the Member s Account in excess of the 
 7 

Grandfathered Benefit shall be deferred until the earlier of (i) the date that is six months following the Member s separation from service or (ii) the date of the Member s death. Distributions shall be made in cash, except for the portion of a Member s Account described in Section 2.1(a) which shall be distributed in shares of Company common stock. 
 Section 3.7 Vested Portion of Member s Account . Allocations to the Member s Account for Plan Years prior to 2010, and Allocations for the 2010 Plan Year attributable to the Company Matching Contribution, shall be 100 vested. All other Allocations shall vest in accordance with the vesting rules specified in the Base Plan. 
 Section 3.8 Death of a Member . Upon a Member s death, the Member s Account shall be distributed to the Member s Beneficiary in a lump sum payment as soon as practicable following the end of the quarter in which the Member died. 
 Section 3.9 Change of Control for Members Covered under the Executive Severance Plan . In the event of a Change of Control, a distribution of the Member s Grandfathered Benefit shall be made as soon as practicable following the Change of Control provided that Member is then covered under the Executive Severance Plan. If the Change of Control satisfies the requirements of Code section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v), a distribution of the portion of such Member s Account in excess of the Grandfather Benefit shall be made as soon as practicable following the Change of Control. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 
 Section 4.1 Committee . The Plan shall be administered by the Employee Relations Committee, which shall have full authority to administer and interpret this Plan, make payments and maintain records hereunder. The Employee Relations Committee may adopt or amend from time to time such procedures as may be required for determinations required under the Plan. All 
 8 

interpretations of the Employee Relations Committee shall be final and binding on all parties including Members, Beneficiaries and the Company. Any complaint with regard to benefits under the Plan should be directed to the Employee Relations Committee, Colgate Palmolive Company, 300 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022. Such complaint must be filed in writing no later than 90 days after the date of retirement, termination or other occurrence related to the complaint. Within 90 days of the filing of such claim, unless special circumstances require an extension of such period, such person will be given notice in writing of the approval or denial of the claim. If the claim is denied, the notice will set forth the reason for the denial, the Plan provisions on which the denial is based, an explanation of what other material or information, if any, is needed to perfect the claim, and an explanation of the claims review procedure. The claimant may request a review of such denial within 60 days of the date of receipt of such denial by filing notice in writing with the Employee Relations Committee. The claimant will have the right to review pertinent Plan documents and to submit issues and comments in writing. The Employee Relations Committee will respond in writing to a request for review within 60 days of receiving it, unless special circumstances require an extension of such period. If the claimant does not request such a review or the Employee Relations Committee fails to respond to such a request for review in writing, the request for review will be deemed to have been made and denied on the 120th day after the date of the initial denial. The Employee Relations Committee, in its discretion, may request a meeting to clarify any matters deemed appropriate. No action may be brought for benefits under this Plan pursuant to the denial of a claim, unless such claim was timely made under this Section and such complaint is filed on or before one year from the denial or deemed denial by the Employee Relations Committee of any such claim upon review. 
 9 

Section 4.2 Delegated Responsibilities . The Employee Relations Committee shall have the authority to delegate any of its responsibilities to such persons as it deems proper. 
 Section 4.3 Amendment and Termination . The Company may amend, modify or terminate this Plan at any time, provided, however, that no such amendment, modification or termination shall reduce the amount credited to a Member s Account as of the date of such amendment or termination unless the Member becomes entitled to an amount equal to any such reduction under another plan (including the Base Plan), program or practice adopted by the Company. 
 Section 4.4 Payments . The Company will pay all benefits arising under this Plan and all costs, charges and expenses relating thereto out of its general assets. 
 Section 4.5 Non-Assignability of Benefits . Except as otherwise required by law, neither any benefit payable hereunder nor the right to receive any future benefit under this Plan may be anticipated, alienated, sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, encumbered or subjected to any charge or legal process, and if any attempt is made to do so, or a person eligible for any benefits under this Plan becomes bankrupt, the interest under this Plan of the person affected may be terminated by the Employee Relations Committee which, in its sole discretion, may cause the same to be held or applied for the benefit of one or more of the dependents of such person or make any other disposition of such benefits that it deems appropriate and is consistent with Code section 409A. 
 Section 4.6 Plan Unfunded . Nothing in this Plan shall be interpreted or construed to require the Company in any manner to fund any obligation to the Members or Beneficiaries hereunder. Nothing contained in this Plan nor any action taken here under shall create, or be construed to create, a trust of any kind, or a fiduciary relationship between the Company and the 
 10 

Members or Beneficiaries. Any funds which may be accumulated in order to meet any obligation under this Plan shall for all purposes continue to be a part of the general assets of the Company. To the extent that any Member or Beneficiary acquires a right to receive payments from the Company under this Plan, such rights shall be no greater than the rights of any unsecured general creditor of the Company. 
 Section 4.7 Applicable Law . All questions pertaining to the construction, validity and effect of this Plan shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, to the extent not preempted by Federal law. 
 Section 4.8 No Employment Rights Conferred . The establishment of the Plan shall not be construed as conferring any rights upon any Eligible Employee for continuation of employment, nor shall it be construed as limiting in any way the right of the Company to discharge any Eligible Employee or treat him without regard to the effect which such treatment might have upon him under the Plan. 
 Section 4.9 Plan to Comply with Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Plan, each provision in this Plan shall be interpreted to permit the deferral of compensation in accordance with Code section 409A, and any provision that would conflict with such requirements shall not be valid or enforceable. 
 Section 4.10 Reductions to Member s Account . To the extent permitted by applicable law (including Code section 409A), a Member s Account shall be reduced as appropriate by any severance, separation, notice or termination allowance or indemnity paid or payable to such Member which is paid by or is attributable to payments by the Company or the Company s subsidiaries or affiliates, directly or indirectly, under any law, decree or ruling having the effect of law. 
 11 

Section 4.11 Recovery of Overpayments . The Plan has a right of reimbursement against any person who receives or holds a payment from the Plan in excess of the amount to which a Participant or Beneficiary is entitled under the terms of the Plan. The Plan s right to recover overpayments from any Participant or Beneficiary exists regardless of the error, event or other circumstances giving rise to the overpayment and shall not be conditioned upon or mitigated by the behavior of any involved party. The Participant or Beneficiary shall not be permitted to raise reliance, estoppel or other legal or equitable defenses in response to any action by the Committee or its delegates to recover an overpayment. The Plan s right to recovery is an equitable lien by agreement, and the Committee and its delegates, may recover the amount overpaid, plus any earnings or interest determined in accordance with guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ), in any manner determined by the Committee to be in the best interests of the Plan, including, but not limited to, by legal action against the recipient and or holder of the overpayment or by offset against other or future benefits payable to or with respect to the Participant or Beneficiary under the Plan, regardless of whether the overpaid amounts remain in his or her possession. The provisions of this Section 4.11 are intended to clarify existing rights of the Plan and apply to all past or future overpayments. 
 Section 4.12 Facility of Payment . Whenever, in the Employee Relations Committee s opinion, a person entitled to receive any payment of a benefit or installment thereof is under a legal disability or is incapacitated in any way so as to be unable to manage his financial affairs, the Employee Relations Committee may direct the application of the payment for the benefit of such person in such a manner as the Employee Relations Committee considers advisable (e.g., the payment may be made to a guardian, conservator, or other legal representative or to an individual or institution entrusted with the care of the individual or the individual s beneficiary 
 12 

(as applicable) or to a parent or grandparent, provided that (1) the Employee Relations Committee determines, in its discretion, that the payment will benefit the Member or Beneficiary, (2) no other individual or institution is guardian, conservator, attorney-in-fact, or other legal representative, and (3) no prior claim has been made by a guardian, conservator, attorney-in-fact, or other legal representative). The Employee Relations Committee may require submission of documentation by the representative. If the representative wishes to act under a power of attorney, the power of attorney must be submitted for the Employee Relations Committee s review. The Employee Relations Committee cannot recognize a power of attorney unless it complies with the Plan s requirements. These requirements include, but are not limited to, requirements that the power of attorney be signed by the principal and notarized. Any benefit payable to or for the benefit of a Member, a Beneficiary, a minor, an incompetent person or other person incapable of receipting therefor shall be deemed paid when paid to such person s legal representative, guardian, committee appointed for such Member or Beneficiary, or to the party providing or reasonably appearing to provide for the care of such person, and such payment (which may be in installments) shall fully discharge the Employee Relations Committee, all Employers, and all other parties with respect thereto. The Employee Relations Committee may require such Member, legal representative, Beneficiary, guardian or committee, as a condition precedent to such payment, to execute a receipt and release thereof in such form as shall be determined by the Employer. 
 Section 4.13 Burden of Proof Regarding Records . The records of the Employer and any member of the Employer s Group with respect to length of employment, employment history, compensation, absences from employment and all other relevant matters may be conclusively relied on by the Employee Relations Committee for purposes of determining an individual s 
 13 

eligibility or entitlement to Plan benefits, the amount of Plan benefits payable to an individual, the appropriate timing of payment of Plan benefits to an individual, and so forth. If an individual claiming benefits under the Plan believes those records are incorrect, the individual may provide documentation supporting his or her position to the Employee Relations Committee for review and consideration. However, the decision of the Employee Relations Committee with respect to any records dispute shall be final and binding on all parties. The Employer, Group, the Employee Relations Committee, and all other persons or entities associated with the operation of the Plan, the management of its assets, and the provision of benefits thereunder, may reasonably rely on the truth, accuracy and completeness of all data provided by any Member or Beneficiary, including, without limitation, data with respect to age, health and marital status. Furthermore, the Employer, Group, and the Employee Relations Committee and all other persons or entities associated with the operation of the Plan, its assets and the benefits provided under the Plan may reasonably rely on all consents, elections and designations filed with the Plan or those associated with the operation of the Plan and its corresponding trust by any Member, the spouse of any Member, any Beneficiary of any Member, or the representatives of such persons without duty to inquire into the genuineness of any such consent, election or designation. None of the aforementioned persons or entities associated with the operation of the Plan, its assets and the benefits provided under the Plan shall have any duty to inquire into any such data, and all may rely on such data being current to the date of reference, it being the duty of the Members, spouses of Members, and Beneficiaries to advise the appropriate parties of any change in such data. 
 14 

APPENDIX A 
 TEMPORARY COVID-19 PANDEMIC-RELATED RELIEF PROVISION 
 DOL and IRS Extension of Claims and Appeals Deadline Relief 
 With respect to any requirement for Participant or Beneficiaries to timely furnish a notice or document or comply with a claims procedure deadline during the period between March 1, 2020 and the earlier of (1) 60 days after the announced end of the COVID-19 National Emergency or (2) one year from the date the deadline would have begun running for the participant or beneficiary, as applicable, relief pursuant to EBSA Disaster Relief Notice 2020-01, the Extension of Certain Timeframes for Employee Benefit Plans, Participants, and Beneficiaries Affected by the COVID 19 Outbreak published in the Federal Register on May 4, 2020, and any other or subsequent applicable guidance by the IRS, Department of Labor or Treasury Department, shall apply. The Employee Relations Committee or its delegates and other responsible fiduciaries under the Plan shall act in good faith and furnish any required notice, disclosure, or document or comply with any applicable deadline as soon as administratively practicable under the circumstances or as set forth in such guidance (or other or subsequent applicable guidance). 
 15 

</EX-10.J>

<EX-21>
 5
 exhibit2112312022.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT Name of Company Jurisdiction of Organization 887357 Ontario Inc. Canada Cleaning Dimensions, Inc. Delaware COLGALIVE S.A. Dominican Republic Colgate (BVI) Limited British Virgin Islands Colgate (Guangzhou) Company Limited China Colgate (U.K.) Limited United Kingdom Colgate Business Services of the Americas, S.C. Mexico Colgate Flavors and Fragrances, Inc. Delaware Colgate Global Business Services Private Limited India Colgate Holdings United Kingdom Colgate Oral Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Delaware Colgate Palmolive Ghana Limited Ghana Colgate Palmolive Holding S.Com.P.A. Spain Colgate Palmolive LLC United Arab Emirates Colgate Palmolive Nouvelle Caledonie Sarl New Caldonia Colgate Palmolive Tanzania Limited Tanzania Colgate Sanxiao Company Limited China Colgate Tolaram Pte. Ltd. Singapore Colgate Venture Company, Inc. Delaware Colgate, Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive (America), Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive (Asia) Pte, Ltd Singapore Colgate-Palmolive (Blantyre) Limited Malawi Colgate-Palmolive (Brunei) Sdn Bhn Brunei Colgate-Palmolive (Central America) Inc. y Compa ia Limitada Guatemala Colgate-Palmolive (Central America), Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive (Centro America) S.A. Guatemala Colgate-Palmolive (China) Co. Ltd China Colgate-Palmolive (Costa Rica), S.A. Costa Rica Colgate-Palmolive (Dominica), Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive (Dominican Republic), Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive (East Africa) Limited Kenya Colgate-Palmolive (Eastern) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Colgate-Palmolive (Egypt) S.A.E. Delaware Egypt Colgate-Palmolive (Fiji) Pte Limited Fiji Colgate-Palmolive (Gabon), S.A. Gabon Colgate-Palmolive (Gulf States) Ltd. British Virgin Islands Colgate-Palmolive (Guyana) Ltd. Guyana Colgate-Palmolive (H.K.) Limited Hong Kong Colgate-Palmolive (Hellas) S.A. I.C. Greece Colgate-Palmolive (Hong Kong) Holding Limited Hong Kong Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited India Colgate-Palmolive (Kazakhstan), L.L.P. Kazakhstan Colgate-Palmolive (Latvia) Ltd. Latvia Colgate-Palmolive (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Malaysia Colgate-Palmolive (Middle East Exports) Ltd. British Virgin Islands Colgate-Palmolive (Myanmar) Limited Myanmar Colgate-Palmolive (New York), Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive (Poland) Sp. z o.o. Poland 

Colgate-Palmolive (Proprietary) Limited South Africa Colgate-Palmolive (Research & Development), Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive (Romania) SRL Romania Colgate-Palmolive (Thailand) Limited Thailand Colgate-Palmolive (Uganda) Limited Uganda Colgate-Palmolive (UK) Limited United Kingdom Colgate-Palmolive (Vietnam) Ltd. Vietnam Colgate-Palmolive (Zambia) Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive (Zimbabwe), Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive A.B. Sweden Colgate-Palmolive A S Denmark Colgate-Palmolive Adria Ltd. Slovenia Colgate-Palmolive Arabia Ltd. Saudi Arabia Colgate-Palmolive Argentina S.A. Argentina Colgate-Palmolive Asia Pacific Limited Hong Kong Colgate-Palmolive Asia Pacific Treasury Services Limited Hong Kong Colgate-Palmolive Belgium S.A. Belgium Colgate-Palmolive Bolivia, Ltda. Bolivia Colgate-Palmolive Cameroun S.A. Cameroon Colgate-Palmolive Canada, Inc. Canada Colgate-Palmolive Caricom Service Co., Inc. Puerto Rico Colgate-Palmolive Central European Management Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive esk republika spol. s r.o. Czech Republic Colgate-Palmolive Chile S.A. Chile Colgate-Palmolive Cia. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive Comercial Ltda. Brazil Colgate-Palmolive Commercial (Hellas) SP LLC Greece Colgate-Palmolive Commerciale S.A.S. France Colgate-Palmolive Commericale S.r.l. Italy Colgate-Palmolive Compania Anonima Venezuela Colgate-Palmolive Company, Distr. LLC Puerto Rico Colgate-Palmolive de Paraguay Sociedad Anonima Paraguay Colgate-Palmolive de Puerto Rico, Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive del Ecuador, S.A.I.C. Ecuador Colgate-Palmolive del Peru (Delaware) Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive Development Corp. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive East West Africa Region (Pty) Ltd South Africa Colgate-Palmolive Enterprises, Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive Espana, S.A. Spain Colgate-Palmolive Europe Sarl Switzerland Colgate-Palmolive Finance (UK) plc United Kingdom Colgate-Palmolive Global Trading Company Delaware Colgate-Palmolive Holding Argentina S.A. Argentina Colgate-Palmolive Hungary Kft, Limited Liability Company Hungary Colgate-Palmolive IHQ Services (Thailand) Limited Thailand Colgate-Palmolive Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive Inc. S.A. Uruguay Colgate-Palmolive Industrial Ltda. Brazil Colgate-Palmolive Industriel S.A.S. France Colgate-Palmolive International Holding LLC Delaware Colgate-Palmolive International LLC Delaware Colgate-Palmolive Investment Co., Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive Investments (BVI) Ltd. British Virgin Islands Colgate-Palmolive Investments (PNG) Ltd. Papua New Guinea Colgate-Palmolive Investments, (UK) Limited United Kingdom 

Colgate-Palmolive Investments, Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive Israel Ltd. Israel Colgate-Palmolive Italia, S.r.l. Italy Colgate-Palmolive JSC Russia Colgate-Palmolive Lanka (Private) Limited Sri Lanka Colgate-Palmolive Latin America Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive Limited New Zealand Colgate-Palmolive Manufacturing (Poland) Sp. z o.o. Poland Colgate-Palmolive Marketing Sdn Bhd Malaysia Colgate-Palmolive Maroc, S.A. Morocco Colgate-Palmolive Mocambique Limitada Mozambique Colgate-Palmolive Nederland B.V. Netherlands Colgate-Palmolive Norge A S Norway Colgate-Palmolive Peru S.A. Peru Colgate-Palmolive Philippines, Inc. Philippines Colgate-Palmolive Pty Ltd Australia Colgate-Palmolive Retirement Trustee Limited New Zealand Colgate-Palmolive S.p.A. Italy Colgate-Palmolive Services (Hellas) LLC Greece Colgate-Palmolive Services (Poland) Sp. z o.o. Poland Colgate-Palmolive Services CEW GmbH Germany Colgate-Palmolive Services, S.A. France Colgate-Palmolive Slovensko, s.r.o. Slovakia Colgate-Palmolive Support Services Ireland Colgate-Palmolive Temizlik Urunleri Sanayi ve Ticart S.A. Turkey Colgate-Palmolive Transnational Inc. Delaware Colgate-Palmolive Ukraine LLC Ukraine Colgate-Palmolive, Lda Portugal Colgate-Palmolive, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Colpal CBS, S de R. L. de C. V. Mexico Consumer Viewpoint Center, Inc. New Jersey Cotelle S.A. France CP GABA GmbH Germany CP International Holding C.V. Netherlands CP Skin Health Group, Inc. Delaware Dimac Development Corp. Delaware Dominica Coconut Products Limited Dominica EKIB, Inc. Delaware ELM Company Limited Bermuda Elta MD Holdings, Inc. Delaware Elta MD (Shanghai) Trade Co., Ltd. 
 China Filorga Americas Inc. Delaware Filorga Asia Limited Hong Kong Filorga Benelux SA Belgium Filorga Cosmetiques Polska Poland Filorga Mexico Cosmetic, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Filorga Middle East DMCC United Arab Emirates Filorga Portugal, Unipessoal, Lda. Portugal Filorga RU, Limited Liability Company Russia FZG Holdings Limited Hong Kong GABA Europe Holding GmbH Switzerland GABA International Holding LLC Delaware GABA Schweiz AG Switzerland GABA Therwil GmbH Switzerland Gamma Development Co., Ltd. Thailand 

Global Trading and Supply LLC Delaware Hamol, Ltd. Delaware Hawley & Hazel (BVI) Company Ltd. British Virgin Islands Hello Products LLC Delaware Hill s Funding Company Delaware Hill s Pet Nutrition (NZ) Limited New Zealand Hill s Pet Nutrition (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Thailand Hill s Pet Nutrition Asia Limited Hong Kong Hill s Pet Nutrition B.V. Netherlands Hill s Pet Nutrition Canada Inc. Canada Hill s Pet Nutrition de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Hill s Pet Nutrition de Puerto Rico, Inc. Puerto Rico Hill s Pet Nutrition Denmark ApS Denmark Hill s Pet Nutrition Espana, S.L. Spain Hill s Pet Nutrition GmbH Germany Hill s Pet Nutrition Holding B.V. Netherlands Hill s Pet Nutrition Indiana, Inc. Delaware Hill s Pet Nutrition Italia, S.r.l. Italy Hill s Pet Nutrition Korea Ltd. Korea Hill s Pet Nutrition Ltd. United Kingdom Hill s Pet Nutrition Manufacturing, B.V. Netherlands Hill s Pet Nutrition Manufacturing srl Italy Hill s Pet Nutrition Manufacturing, s.r.o Czech Republic Hill s Pet Nutrition Norway AS Norway Hill s Pet Nutrition OOO Russia Hill's Pet Nutrition (OAC) Limited United Kingdom Hill s Pet Nutrition Pty. Limited Australia Hill s Pet Nutrition s.r.o. Czech Republic Hill s Pet Nutrition Sales, Inc. Delaware Hill s Pet Nutrition SNC France Hill s Pet Nutrition South Africa Proprietary Limited South Africa Hill s Pet Nutrition Sweden AB Sweden Hill s Pet Nutrition Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Hill s Pet Nutrition Taiwan, Ltd Taiwan Hill s Pet Nutrition Trading (GZ) Co., Ltd China Hill s Pet Nutrition, Inc. Delaware Hill s Pet Nutrition, S.p.A. Italy Hill s Pet Products (Benelux) S.A. Belgium Hill s Pet Products, Inc. Delaware Hill s Veterinary Companies of America, Inc. Delaware Hill s-Colgate (Japan) Ltd. Japan Hopro Liquidating Corp. Ohio HPN Manufacturing Holdings, Inc. Delaware HPN Manufacturing, LLC Delaware Hygiene Systemes et Services SA Tunisia IES Enterprises, Inc. Massachusetts Inmobiliaria Colpal, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Inmobiliaria Hills, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Innovacion Creativa, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Kolynos Corporation Delaware Laboratoires Filorga Cosmetiques Espana S.L.U. Spain Laboratoires Filorga Cosmetiques Italia S.R.L. Italy Laboratoires Filorga Cosm tiques S.A. France Lournay Sales, Inc. Delaware Mennen de Chile, Ltd. Delaware 

Mennen de Nicargua, S.A. Delaware Mennen Interamerica, Ltd. Delaware Mennen Limited Delaware Mennen South Africa, Ltd. Delaware Mission Hills Property Corporation Delaware Mission Hills, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Norwood International, Incorporated Delaware Olive Music Publishing Corporation Delaware P.T. Colgate Palmolive Indonesia Indonesia Paramount Research, Inc. Delaware Penny, LLC Delaware Pet Chemicals Inc. Florida Productos Halogenados Copalven, C.A. Venezuela Purity Holding Company Delaware Purity Music Publishing Corporation Delaware Samuel Taylor Holdings B.V. Netherlands Sanxiao Company Limited Hong Kong Services Development Co., Ltd. Thailand Societe Generale de Negoce et de Services (GENESE) S.A. Tunisia The GDN - The Global Distributive Network SAS France The Lournay Company, Inc. Delaware The MPDP - The Medical and Pharmaceutic Distributive Platform SAS France The Murphy-Phoenix Company Ohio Tom s of Maine Holdings, Inc. Delaware Tom s of Maine, Inc. Maine Veterinary Companies of America, Inc. Delaware Vipont Pharmaceutical, Inc. Delaware Weda (Beijing) Co. Ltd. 
 China 
 Indicates a company that is not wholly owned, directly or indirectly, by Colgate-Palmolive Company. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 exhibit2312312022.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-249768) and Form S-8 (Nos. 33-58746, 33-64753, 333-45679, 333-132038, 333-171448, 333-188528, and 333-231380) of Colgate-Palmolive Company of our report dated February 16, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 7
 exhibit2412312022.htm
 EX-24

Document 

EXHIBIT 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 I, John P. Bilbrey, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Jennifer M. Daniels and Kristine Hutchinson, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Colgate-Palmolive Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 In witness whereof, I have executed this Power of Attorney this 16th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s John P. Bilbrey Name John P. Bilbrey 
 
 EXHIBIT 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 I, John T. Cahill, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Jennifer M. Daniels and Kristine Hutchinson, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Colgate-Palmolive Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 In witness whereof, I have executed this Power of Attorney this 16th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s John T. Cahill Name John T. Cahill 

EXHIBIT 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 I, Steven A. Cahillane, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Jennifer M. Daniels and Kristine Hutchinson, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Colgate-Palmolive Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 In witness whereof, I have executed this Power of Attorney this 7th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s Steven A. Cahillane Name Steven A. Cahillane 
 EXHIBIT 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 I, Lisa M. Edwards, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Jennifer M. Daniels and Kristine Hutchinson, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Colgate-Palmolive Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 In witness whereof, I have executed this Power of Attorney this 16th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s Lisa M. Edwards Name Lisa M. Edwards 

EXHIBIT 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 I, C. Martin Harris, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Jennifer M. Daniels and Kristine Hutchinson, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Colgate-Palmolive Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 In witness whereof, I have executed this Power of Attorney this 16th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s C. Martin Harris Name C. Martin Harris 

EXHIBIT 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 I, Martina Hund-Mejean, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Jennifer M. Daniels and Kristine Hutchinson, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Colgate-Palmolive Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 In witness whereof, I have executed this Power of Attorney this 16th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s Martina Hund-Mejean Name Martina Hund-Mejean 

EXHIBIT 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 I, Kimberly A. Nelson, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Jennifer M. Daniels and Kristine Hutchinson, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Colgate-Palmolive Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 In witness whereof, I have executed this Power of Attorney this 16th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s Kimberly A. Nelson Name Kimberly A. Nelson 

EXHIBIT 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 I, Lorrie M. Norrington, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Jennifer M. Daniels and Kristine Hutchinson, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Colgate-Palmolive Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 In witness whereof, I have executed this Power of Attorney this 16th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s Lorrie M. Norrington Name Lorrie M. Norrington 
 
 EXHIBIT 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 I, Michael B. Polk, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Jennifer M. Daniels and Kristine Hutchinson, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Colgate-Palmolive Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 In witness whereof, I have executed this Power of Attorney this 15th day of February, 2023. 
 s Michael B. Polk Name Michael B. Polk 

EXHIBIT 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS 
 
 I, Stephen I. Sadove, do hereby make, constitute and appoint Jennifer M. Daniels and Kristine Hutchinson, and each of them, as my attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution for me and in my name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute for me and on my behalf the Annual Report of Colgate-Palmolive Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary and proper to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as I might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents and or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 In witness whereof, I have executed this Power of Attorney this 16th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s Stephen I. Sadove Name Stephen I. Sadove 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.A>
 8
 exhibit31a12312022.htm
 EX-31.A

Document 

EXHIBIT 31-A 
 
 I, Noel R. Wallace, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Colgate-Palmolive Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 16, 2023 
 s Noel R. Wallace Noel R. Wallace Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 9
 exhibit31b12312022.htm
 EX-31.B

Document 

EXHIBIT 31-B 
 
 I, Stanley J. Sutula III, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Colgate-Palmolive Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 16, 2023 
 s Stanley J. Sutula III Stanley J. Sutula III Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32>
 10
 exhibit3212312022.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 The undersigned Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Colgate-Palmolive Company each certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. 1350, that 
 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report which this statement accompanies, fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Colgate-Palmolive Company. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 
 
 s Noel R. Wallace Noel R. Wallace Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 s Stanley J. Sutula III Stanley J. Sutula III 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement has been provided to Colgate-Palmolive Company and will be retained by Colgate-Palmolive Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 cl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 cl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 cl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 cl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 cl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

