<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1325676_0001193125-23-078792.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9179211</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>361123</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>979644</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4598848</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1230663</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1511410</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-078792.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324115534
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-078792
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001325676
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				202718952
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52602
		FILM NUMBER:		23758765

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CERES MANAGED FUTURES LLC
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-672-4468

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CERES MANAGED FUTURES LLC
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MANAGED FUTURES PREMIER AVENTIS II L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130214

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BRISTOL ENERGY FUND LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090925

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SMITH BARNEY BRISTOL ENERGY FUND LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050502

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-078792.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 d445764d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Transition period from 
to 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification No.)

c/o Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

, 

(Address and Zip Code of principal executive offices) 

 ) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Redeemable Units of Limited Partnership Interest
 
 (Title of Class) 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes _ X

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes _ X

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the pr e
ceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 X
 No _ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 X
 No _ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer _

Accelerated filer _

X

_

_

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. __ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements . 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-bas
 ed compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes _ No 

Limited Partnership Redeemable Units with an aggregate value of were outstanding and held by non-affiliates
 as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 As of February 28, 2023, Limited Partnership Class A Redeemable Units were outstanding, Limited Partnership Class D Redeemable Units were outstanding and Limited Partnership Class Z Redeemable Units were outstanding. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 [None] 

PART I Item 1. Business . (a) General Development of Business . Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. (the Partnership is a limited partnership organized on April 20, 2005 under the partnership laws of the State of New York to engage, directly or indirectly, in the speculative trading of commodity interests on United States U.S. and international futures, options on futures and forward markets. The Partnership may also engage, directly or indirectly, in swap transactions and other derivative transactions with the approval of the General Partner (as defined below). Initially, the Partnership s investment strategy focused on energy and energy-related investments. While the Partnership is expected to continue to have significant exposure to energy and energy-related markets, such trading will no longer be the Partnership s primary focus. Therefore, the Partnership s past trading performance will not necessarily be indicative of future results. The sectors traded include energy, grains, livestock, metals and softs. The commodity interests that are traded by the Partnership, directly or indirectly through its investment in the Funds (as defined below) are volatile and involve a high degree of market risk. The General Partner may also determine to invest up to all of the Partnership s assets (directly or indirectly through its investment in the Funds) in U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. During the initial offering period, the Partnership sold 11,925 redeemable units of limited partnership interest Redeemable Units ). The Partnership commenced trading on September 6, 2005. The Partnership privately and continuously offers Redeemable Units to qualified investors. There is no maximum number of Redeemable Units that may be sold by the Partnership. Subscriptions and redemptions of Redeemable Units and General Partner contributions and redemptions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are reported in the Statements of Changes in Partners Capital under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acts as the general partner (the General Partner and commodity pool operator of the Partnership and is the trading manager (the Trading Manager of NL Master (as defined below) and Drakewood Master (as defined below). The General Partner was also the Trading Manager of GSL Master (as defined below), Aquantum Master (as defined below) and Harbour Square Master (as defined below) prior to GSL Master s, Aquantum Master s and Harbour Square Master s respective terminations. The General Partner is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Domestic Holdings, Inc. MSD Holdings ). MSD Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. On February 1, 2013, the Partnership allocated substantially all of its capital to MB Master Fund L.P. MB Master ), a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of Delaware. Effective November 30, 2018, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in MB Master. On January 1, 2018, the Partnership allocated a portion of its assets to CMF Harbour Square Master Fund LLC Harbour Square Master ), a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. Effective March 31, 2019, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in Harbour Square Master. Effective June 1, 2019, the assets allocated to Aquantum (defined below) were transferred into CMF Aquantum Master Fund LLC Aquantum Master ), a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. Effective December 31, 2020, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in Aquantum Master. On April 1, 2019, the Partnership allocated a portion of its assets to CMF NL Master Fund LLC NL Master ), a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. On November 1, 2020, the Partnership allocated a portion of its assets to CMF GSL Master Fund LLC GSL Master ), a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. Effective June 30, 2022, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in GSL Master. On May 1, 2022, the Partnership allocated a portion of its assets to CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC Drakewood Master ), a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. NL Master and Drakewood Master are collectively referred to as the Funds. Reference herein to the Funds may also include, as relevant, GSL Master, Aquantum Master, MB Master and Harbour Square Master. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Partnership s/Funds commodity broker was Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. ), a registered futures commission merchant. During certain periods included in this report, the Partnership/Funds deposited a portion of their cash in non-trading bank accounts at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 3 

As of December 31, 2022, all trading decisions are made for the Partnership by Millburn Ridgefield Corporation Millburn ), Ospraie Management, LLC Ospraie ), Northlander Commodity Advisors LLP Northlander ), Drakewood Capital Management Limited Drakewood and EMC Capital Advisors, LLC EMC (each an Advisor and, collectively, the Advisors ), each, a registered commodity trading advisor. Effective on November 30, 2018, Aventis Asset Management, LLC Aventis ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor for the Partnership. Effective on March 31, 2019, Harbour Square Capital Management LLC Harbour Square ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. Effective on December 31, 2020, Aquantum GmbH Aquantum ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. Effective June 30, 2022, Geosol Capital, LLC Geosol ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. Effective October 31, 2022, Pan Capital Management L.P. Pan ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. References herein to the Advisors may also include, as relevant, Pan, Geosol, Aquantum, Harbour Square and Aventis. From February 1, 2013 until December 31, 2017, all trading decisions were made by Aventis. A description of the trading activities and focus of each Advisor is included under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Each Advisor is allocated a portion of the Partnership s assets to manage. The Partnership invests the portion of its assets allocated to each of the Advisors either directly, through individually managed accounts, or indirectly through its investment in the Funds. The Advisors are not affiliated with one another, are not affiliated with the General Partner and MS Co., and are not responsible for the organization or operation of the Partnership. As of June 13, 2018, the Partnership began offering three classes of limited partnership interests, Class A Redeemable Units, Class D Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units. All Redeemable Units issued prior to October 31, 2016 were deemed Class A Redeemable Units. Class Z Redeemable Units were first issued on January 1, 2017. The rights, liabilities, risks and fees associated with investment in the Class A Redeemable Units were not changed. Class D Redeemable Units were first issued July 1, 2018. The rights, liabilities, risks, and fees associated with investment in the Class A Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units were not changed. Class A Redeemable Units, Class D Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units will each be referred to as a Class and collectively referred to as the Classes. Class A Redeemable Units are and Class D Redeemable Units were available to taxable U.S. individuals and institutions, U.S. tax exempt individuals and institutions and non-U.S. investors. Class Z Redeemable Units are offered to limited partners who receive advisory services from Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management) Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and may also be offered to certain employees of Morgan Stanley and/or its subsidiaries (and their family members). Class A Redeemable Units, Class D Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units are identical, except that Class A Redeemable Units and Class D Redeemable Units are subject to a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to 1/12 of 0.75 (a 0.75 annual rate) of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units and Class D Redeemable Units, respectively, as of the end of each month, whereas Class Z Redeemable Units are not subject to a monthly ongoing selling agent fee. For the period from July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, Class A Redeemable Units were subject to a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to 1/12 of 1.00 (a 1.00 annual rate) of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units as of the end of each month. Prior to July 1, 2020, Class A Redeemable Units were subject to a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to 1/12 of 2.00 (a 2.00 annual rate) of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units as of the end of each month. Effective January 1, 2021, the Partnership ceased offering Class D Redeemable Units. For the period January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the approximate average market sector distribution for the Partnership was as follows: 

4 

At December 31, 2022, the Partnership owned approximately 28.6 of NL Master and 31.8 of Drakewood Master. At December 31, 2021, the Partnership owned approximately 26.0 of NL Master and 100.0 of GSL Master. The performance of the Partnership is directly affected by the performance of the Funds. The Partnership s/Funds trading of futures, forward, swap and option contracts, if applicable, on commodities is done primarily on U.S. commodity exchanges and foreign commodity exchanges. The Partnership/Funds engage in such trading through commodity brokerage accounts maintained with MS Co. The General Partner and each limited partner of the Partnership share in the profits and losses of the Partnership in proportion to the amount of Partnership interest owned by each, except that no limited partner is liable for obligations of the Partnership in excess of its capital contribution and profits, if any, net of distributions or redemptions and losses, if any. The Partnership will be liquidated upon the first of the following to occur: December 31, 2055; the net asset value per Redeemable Unit decreases to less than 400 as of the close of any business day; or under certain circumstances as set forth in the limited partnership agreement of the Partnership, as may be amended or restated from time to time (the Limited Partnership Agreement. In addition, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, cause the Partnership to dissolve if the Partnership s aggregate net assets decline to less than 1,000,000. The General Partner administers the business and affairs of the Partnership, including selecting one or more advisors to make trading decisions for the Partnership. Effective January 1, 2019, the Partnership pays the General Partner a monthly General Partner fee in return for its services to the Partnership equal to 1/12 of 0.75 (0.75 per year) of month-end Net Assets. Prior to January 1, 2019, the Partnership paid the General Partner a monthly General Partner fee in return for its services to the Partnership equal to 1/12 of 1 (1 per year) of month-end Net Assets. Month-end Net Assets per Class, for the purpose of calculating the General Partner fee are Net Assets, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current month s management fee, incentive fee accrual, the General Partner fee and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. The General Partner fee is allocated proportionately to each Class based on the net asset value of the respective Class. This fee may be increased or decreased at the discretion of the General Partner. The General Partner, on behalf of the Partnership, entered into management agreements (each, a Management Agreement with the Advisors. The Advisors are not affiliated with one another, are not affiliated with the General Partner or MS Co. and are not responsible for the organization or operation of the Partnership. The Partnership pays Millburn a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.0 (1.0 per year) of month-end Net Assets allocated to Millburn. Prior to January 1, 2021, the Partnership paid Millburn a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 2.0 (2.0 per year) of month-end Net Assets allocated to Millburn. The Partnership pays Ospraie a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.5 (1.5 per year) of month-end Net Assets allocated to Ospraie. The Partnership pays Northlander a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.25 (1.25 per year) of month-end Net Assets allocated to Northlander. The Partnership pays Drakewood a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.5 (1.5 per year) of month-end Net Assets allocated to Drakewood. The Partnership pays EMC a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 0.60 (0.60 per year) of month-end Net Assets allocated to EMC. Prior to its termination on November 30, 2018, Aventis was paid a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.25 (1.25 per year) of month-end Net Assets allocated to Aventis. Prior to its termination on March 31, 2019, Harbour Square was paid a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.15 (1.15 per year) of month-end Net Assets allocated to Harbour Square. Prior to its termination on December 31, 2020, Aquantum was paid a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.25 (1.25 per year) of month-end Net Assets allocated to Aquantum. Prior to its termination on June 30, 2022, Geosol was paid a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.0 (1.0 per year) of month-end Net Assets allocated to Geosol. Prior to its termination on October 31, 2022, Pan was paid a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.25 (1.25 per year) of month end Net Assets allocated to Pan. Month-end Net Assets, for the purpose of calculating management fees are Net Assets as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current month s management fee, incentive fee accrual, the General Partner fee and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. An Advisor s management fee is allocated proportionately to each Class based on the net asset value of the respective Class. 
 5 

In addition, the Partnership is obligated to pay each Advisor an incentive fee. The Partnership pays Ospraie, Northlander, Drakewood and EMC each an incentive fee, payable annually, equal to 20 of New Trading Profits, as defined in each Management Agreement, earned by the relevant Advisor for the Partnership during each calendar year. The Partnership pays Millburn an incentive fee, payable annually, equal to 27.5 of New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement, earned by Millburn for the Partnership during the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2021, Millburn was eligible to receive an incentive fee, payable annually, equal to 20 of New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement. Prior to its termination on November 30, 2018, Aventis was eligible to receive an incentive fee, payable quarterly, equal to 20 of New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement. Prior to its termination on March 31, 2019, Harbour Square was eligible to receive an incentive fee, payable quarterly, equal to 20 of New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement. Prior to its termination on December 31, 2020, Aquantum was eligible to receive a semi-annual incentive fee of 20 of New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement, earned by Aquantum for the Partnership each calendar half-year. Prior to its termination on June 30, 2022, Geosol was eligible to receive an incentive fee, payable annually, equal to 20 of New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement, earned by Geosol for the Partnership each calendar year. Prior to its termination on October 31, 2022, Pan was eligible to receive a quarterly incentive fee equal to 20 of New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement, earned by Pan for the Partnership each quarter. An Advisor s incentive fee is allocated proportionally to each Class based on the net asset value of the respective Class. To the extent an Advisor incurs a loss for the Partnership, the Advisor will not be paid an incentive fee until the Advisor recovers the net loss incurred and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership. Each Management Agreement can be terminated upon notice by either party. In allocating substantially all of the assets of the Partnership among the Advisors, the General Partner considers, among other factors, the Advisors past performance, trading style, volatility of markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets among the Advisors and may allocate assets to additional advisors at any time. The Partnership and the Funds have entered into a customer agreement with MS Co. (the Customer Agreement ). Under the Customer Agreement, the Partnership pays trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, the execution of transactions, as well as exchange, user, give-up, floor brokerage and National Futures Association NFA fees (collectively, the clearing fees directly and indirectly through its investment in the Funds. Clearing fees are allocated to the Partnership based on its proportionate share of each Fund. Clearing fees are also borne directly by the Partnership for its direct trading. Clearing fees will be paid for the life of the Partnership, although the rate at which such fees are paid may be changed. All of the Partnership s assets available for trading in commodity interests not held in the Funds accounts at MS Co. are deposited in the Partnership s accounts at MS Co. The Partnership s cash deposited by MS Co. is held in segregated bank accounts to the extent required by Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC regulations. MS Co. has agreed to pay the Partnership interest on 100 of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s (or the Partnership s allocable portion of the Funds brokerage account at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. The Partnership has also entered into a selling agreement (the Selling Agreement with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management. Pursuant to the Selling Agreement, the Partnership pays Morgan Stanley Wealth Management a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to 0.75 per year of the adjusted month-end net assets of Class A Redeemable Units and Class D Redeemable Units, respectively. For the period from July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the Partnership paid Morgan Stanley Wealth Management a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to 1.0 per year of the adjusted month-end net assets of Class A Redeemable Units. Prior to July 1, 2020, the Partnership paid Morgan Stanley Wealth Management a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to 2.0 per year of month-end net assets of Class A Redeemable Units. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management pays a portion of its ongoing selling agent fees to properly registered or exempted financial advisors who have sold Class A and Class D Redeemable Units in the Partnership. Class Z Redeemable Units are not subject to a monthly ongoing selling agent fee. Month-end net assets, for the purpose of calculating ongoing selling agent fees are net assets, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current month s ongoing selling agent fee, management fee, incentive fee accrual, the General Partner fee and other expenses and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. Generally, a limited partner/member in the Funds withdraws all or part of its capital contribution and undistributed profits, if any, from the Funds as of the end of any month (the Redemption Date after a request has been made to the General Partner/Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the Redemption Date. Such withdrawals are classified as a liability when the limited partner/member elects to redeem and informs the Funds. However, a limited partner/member may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the General Partner/Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal day. 
 6 

The General Partner has delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. The cost of retaining the Administrator is allocated among the pools operated by the General Partner, including the Partnership. (b) Financial Information about Segments . The Partnership s business consists of only one segment, speculative trading of commodity interests. The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services. The Partnership s capital as of December 31, 2022 was 155,036,001. (c) Narrative Description of Business . See Paragraphs (a) and (b) above. (i) through (xii) Not applicable. (xiii) The Partnership has no employees. (d) Financial Information About Geographic Areas . The Partnership does not engage in the sale of goods or services or own any long-lived assets, and therefore this item is not applicable. (e) Available Information . The Partnership does not have an Internet address. The Partnership will provide paper copies of its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports free of charge upon request. (f) Reports to Security Holders . Not applicable. (g) Enforceability of Civil Liabilities Against Foreign Persons . Not applicable. (h) Smaller Reporting Companies . Not applicable. 
 7 

Item 1A. Risk Factors . As a result of leverage, small changes in the price of the Partnership s positions may result in major losses. The trading of commodity interests is speculative, volatile and involves a high degree of leverage. A small change in the market price of a commodity interest contract can produce major losses for the Partnership. Market prices can be influenced by, among other things, changing supply and demand relationships, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies, national and international political and economic events, weather and climate conditions, insects and plant disease, purchases and sales by foreign countries, changing interest rates, pandemics, epidemics and other public health crises. An investor may lose all of their investment. Due to the speculative nature of trading commodity interests, an investor could lose all of their investment in the Partnership. The Partnership will pay substantial fees and expenses regardless of profitability. Regardless of its trading performance, the Partnership will incur fees and expenses, including but not limited to trading and transaction fees, ongoing selling agent fees, General Partner fees and management fees. Substantial incentive fees may be paid to one or more of the Advisors even if the Partnership experiences a net loss for the full year. An investor s ability to redeem Redeemable Units is limited. An investor s ability to redeem Redeemable Units is limited and no market exists for the Redeemable Units. Conflicts of interest exist. The Partnership is subject to numerous conflicts of interest including those that arise from the fact that: 

1. 
 The General Partner and the Partnership s/Funds commodity broker are affiliates; 

2. 
 The Advisors, the Partnership s/Funds commodity broker, the General Partner and their respective principals and affiliates may trade in commodity interests for their own accounts; 

3. 
 An investor s financial advisor will receive ongoing compensation for providing services to the investor s account; and 

4. 
 The General Partner, on behalf of the Partnership, may purchase shares from money market mutual funds affiliated and/or unaffiliated with the General Partner. Investing in Redeemable Units may not provide the desired diversification of an investor s overall portfolio. One of the Partnership s objectives is to add an element of diversification to a traditional stock and bond portfolio, but any benefit of portfolio diversification is dependent upon the Partnership/Funds achieving positive returns and such returns being independent of stock and bond market returns. Past performance is no assurance of future results. The Advisors trading strategies may not perform as they have performed in the past, and past performance does not necessarily predict future returns. The Advisors have from time to time incurred substantial losses in trading on behalf of clients. An investor s tax liability may exceed cash distributions. Investors are taxed on their share of the Partnership s income, even though the Partnership does not intend to make any distributions. 
 8 

The General Partner may allocate the Partnership s assets to undisclosed advisors. The General Partner at any time may select and allocate the Partnership s assets to undisclosed advisors. Investors may not be advised of such changes in advance, or at all. Investors must rely on the ability of the General Partner to select commodity trading advisors and allocate assets among them. Regulatory changes could restrict the Partnership s operations and increase its operational costs. Regulatory changes could adversely affect the Partnership by restricting its markets or activities, limiting its trading and/or increasing the costs or taxes to which investors are subject. Pursuant to the mandate of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, signed into law on July 21, 2010, the CFTC and the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC have promulgated rules to regulate trading in swaps and swap dealers and to mandate additional reporting and disclosure requirements and continue to promulgate rules regarding capital and margin requirements, to require that certain swaps be traded on an exchange or a swap execution facility, and to require that derivatives (such as those traded by the Partnership) be moved into central clearinghouses. The CFTC and the prudential regulators that oversee swap dealers have adopted rules regarding margin requirements for certain derivatives. In addition, the CFTC and such prudential regulators have proposed or adopted, respectively, rules regarding capital requirements for swap dealers. These rules may negatively impact the manner in which swap contracts are traded and/or settled, increase the cost of such trades, and limit trading by speculators (such as the Partnership) in futures and over-the-counter OTC markets. Speculative position and trading limits may reduce profitability. The CFTC and U.S. exchanges have established speculative position limits on the maximum net long or net short positions which any person or a group of persons may hold or control in particular futures and options on futures. The Advisors believe that established speculative position and trading limits will not materially adversely affect trading for the Partnership. The trading instructions of an Advisor, however, may have to be modified, and positions held by the Partnership directly and indirectly through its investment in the Funds may have to be liquidated, in order to avoid exceeding these limits. Such modification or liquidation could adversely affect the operations and profitability of the Partnership/Funds by increasing transaction costs to liquidate positions and limiting potential profits on liquidated positions. In January 2021, the CFTC finalized new rules that impose position limits on certain futures and option contracts and physical commodity swaps that are economically equivalent to such contracts. In addition to speculative position limits, most commodity exchanges also limit fluctuations in futures contract prices during a single day by regulations referred to as daily price fluctuation limits or daily limits. Such regulations could have an adverse effect on an Advisor s trading for the Partnership. The General Partner, the Partnership, the Funds and their respective service providers (including the Advisors) and operations are potentially vulnerable to cyber-security attacks or incidents. Like other business enterprises, the use of the internet and other electronic media and technology exposes the General Partner, the Partnership, the Funds and their respective services providers and operations, to potential risks from cyber-security attacks or incidents (collectively, cyber events ). Cyber events may include, for example, unauthorized access to systems, networks or devices, infection from computer viruses or other malicious software code, mishandling or misuse of information and attacks which shut down, disable, slow or otherwise disrupt operations, business processes or website access or functionality. In addition to intentional cyber events, unintentional cyber events can occur. Unintentional cyber events may include, for example, the inadvertent release of confidential information, the mishandling or misuse of information and/or technological limitations or hardware failures (in the markets or otherwise) that constrain the Partnership s and/or the Funds ability to gather, process and communicate information efficiently and securely, without interruption. Any cyber event could adversely affect the Partnership s and/or the Funds business, financial condition or results of operations and cause the Partnership and/or the Funds to incur financial loss and expense, as well as face exposure to regulatory penalties or legal claims, reputational damage and additional costs associated with corrective measures. A cyber-security breach could also jeopardize a limited partner s personal, confidential, proprietary or other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, the General Partner s or a service provider s computer systems. A cyber event may cause the Partnership, the Funds or their respective service providers to lose proprietary information, suffer data corruption, lose operational capacity (such as, for example, the loss of the ability to process transactions, calculate the Partnership s net asset value, or allow investors to transact business) and/or fail to comply with applicable privacy and other laws. Among other potentially harmful effects, cyber events also may result in theft, unauthorized monitoring and failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support the Partnership, the Funds or their respective service providers. 
 9 

The nature of malicious cyber-attacks is becoming increasingly sophisticated and none of the General Partner, the Partnership nor the Funds can control whether a cyber-event will adversely affect the cyber systems of the Advisors or other third-party service providers. Tax Laws Are Subject To Change at Any Time. Tax laws and court and Internal Revenue Service IRS interpretations thereof are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. Prospective investors are urged to consult with their tax advisors with respect to regulatory or administrative developments and proposals, and their potential effects on them based on their unique circumstances. The continuing spread of a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19, may adversely affect our investments and operations. Since its discovery in December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19, has spread from China to many other countries, including the United States. The outbreak has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary has declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. The COVID-19 pandemic and related voluntary and government-imposed social and business restrictions has impacted global economic conditions and adversely affected various industries (including, but not limited to, transportation, hospitality and entertainment), resulting in volatility in the global financial markets, disruption in global supply chains, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place directives and increased remote work protocols. If the pandemic continues to be prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, including actions to facilitate the comprehensive distribution of effective vaccines, the adverse impact on the global economy will deepen. Given the continuing development of this situation, it is not possible to accurately predict how the market disruptions caused by COVID-19 will further impact the U.S and other world economies or the value of the Partnership s/Funds investments, or for how long the effects of such events will continue. Nevertheless, the novel coronavirus continues to present material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Partnership s/Funds investments and operations. On February 22, 2022, the United States and several European nations announced sanctions against Russia in response to Russia s mobilization of forces and threat of invasion of the Ukraine, and governments around the world imposed, and may in the future impose, additional sanctions on Russia in response to its continued escalation of this conflict. On February 24, 2022, Russian President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned forces into the Ukraine. The conflict has created volatility in the price of various commodities and may have a negative impact on business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the Partnership s investments. Furthermore, uncertainties regarding the conflict between the two nations and the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries preclude prediction as to the ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Partnership and the performance of their investments or operations, and the ability of the Partnership to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that investors, service providers and/or other third parties have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have their operations disrupted and/or suffer adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. Item 2. Properties . The Partnership does not own or lease any properties. The General Partner operates out of facilities provided by Morgan Stanley and/or one of its subsidiaries. 
 10 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings . This section describes the major pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which MS Co. or its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their property is subject. There are no material legal proceedings pending against the Partnership or the General Partner. On June 1, 2011, Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated converted from a Delaware corporation to a Delaware limited liability company. As a result of that conversion, Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated is now named Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. or the Company ). MS Co. is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, a Delaware holding company. Morgan Stanley files periodic reports with the SEC as required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act which include current descriptions of material litigation and material proceedings and investigations, if any, by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations concerning Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries, including MS Co. As a consolidated subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, MS Co. does not file its own periodic reports with the SEC that contain descriptions of material litigation, proceedings and investigations. As a result, we refer you to the Legal Proceedings section of Morgan Stanley s SEC 10-K filings for 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, and 2017. In addition, MS Co. annually prepares an Audited, Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition Audited Financial Statement that is publicly available on Morgan Stanley s website at www.morganstanley.com . We refer you to the Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies Legal section of MS Co. s 2021 Audited Financial Statement. In addition to the matters described in those filings, in the normal course of business, each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, as well as being subject to regulatory investigations arising in connection with its activities as a global diversified financial services institution. Certain of the legal actions or regulatory investigations include claims for substantial penalties, compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of penalties or damages. MS Co. is a Delaware limited liability company with its main business office located at 1585 Broadway, New York, New York 10036. Among other registrations and memberships, MS Co. is registered as a futures commission merchant and is a member of the National Futures Association. During the preceding five years, the following administrative, civil, or criminal actions pending, on appeal or concluded against MS Co. or any of its principals are material within the meaning of CFTC Rule 4.24(l)(2) or 4.34(k)(2): Regulatory and Governmental Matters. The Company has been responding to subpoenas and other requests for information from the Enforcement Division of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the United States Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New York in connection with their investigations into various aspects of the Company s blocks business, certain related sales and trading practices, and applicable controls (the Investigations ). The Investigations are focused on whether the Company and/or its employees shared and/or used information regarding impending block transactions in violation of federal securities laws and regulations. The Company is continuing to cooperate with the Investigations and is responding to the requests. The Company also faces potential civil liability arising from claims that have been or may be asserted by, among others, block transaction participants who contend they were harmed or disadvantaged including, among other things, as a result of a share price decline allegedly caused by the activities of the Company and/or its employees, or as a result of the Company s and/or its employees failure to adhere to applicable laws and regulations. In addition, the Company has responded to demands from shareholders under Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law for books and records concerning the Investigations. 
 11 

On September 30, 2020, the SEC entered into a settlement order with MS Co. settling an administrative action which relates to MS Co. s violations of the order marking requirements of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act resulting from its improper use of aggregation units in structuring the Firm s equity swaps business. The order found that MS Co. improperly operated its equity swaps business without netting certain long and short positions as required by Rule 200(c) of Regulation SHO. The order found that the long exposure to an equity security (the Long Unit and the short exposure to an equity security (the Short Unit were not independent from one another and did not have separate trading strategies or objectives without regard to each other, and that the Long and Short Units were not eligible for the exception in Rule 200(f) of Regulation SHO. The order found that MS Co. willfully violated Section 200(g) of Regulation SHO. MS Co. consented, without admitting or denying the findings and without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, to a censure; to cease and desist from committing or causing future violations; to pay a civil penalty of 5 million; and to comply with the undertaking enumerated in the order. The Firm has reached agreements in principle with two regulatory agencies the SEC for 125 million and the CFTC for 75 million to resolve record-keeping related investigations by those agencies relating to business communications on messaging platforms that had not been approved by the Firm. The Company was one of the entities involved in these investigations, and has recognized a provision of 63 million in anticipation of concluding the settlement with the SEC. On September 27, 2022, the Firm s settlements with the SEC and the CFTC became effective. Civil Litigation On August 18, 2009, Relators Roger Hayes and C. Talbot Heppenstall, Jr., filed a qui tam action in New Jersey state court styled State of New Jersey ex. rel. Hayes v. Bank of America Corp., et al . The complaint, filed under seal pursuant to the New Jersey False Claims Act, alleged that the Company and several other underwriters of municipal bonds had defrauded New Jersey issuers by misrepresenting that they would achieve the best price or lowest cost of capital in connection with certain municipal bond issuances. On March 17, 2016, the court entered an order unsealing the complaint. On November 17, 2017, Relators filed an amended complaint to allege the Company mispriced certain bonds issued in twenty-three bond offerings between 2008 and 2017, having a total par amount of 6,946 million. The complaint seeks, among other relief, treble damages. On February 22, 2018, the Company moved to dismiss the amended complaint, and on July 17, 2018, the court denied the Company s motion. On October 13, 2021, following a series of voluntary and involuntary dismissals, Relators limited their claims to certain bonds issued in five offerings the Company underwrote between 2008 and 2011, having a total par amount of 3,856 million. On May 17, 2013, plaintiff in IKB International S.A. in Liquidation, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al . filed a complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of the State of New York County Supreme Court of NY ). The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately 133 million. The complaint alleges causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation, and seeks, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On October 29, 2014, the court granted in part and denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss. All claims regarding four certificates were dismissed. After these dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately 116 million. On August 11, 2016, the Appellate Division, First Department First Department affirmed the trial court s decision denying in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. On July 15, 2022, MS Co. filed a motion for summary judgment. At December 25, 2019, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately 22 million, and the certificates had incurred actual losses of 58 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the 22 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment. 
 12 

In August of 2017, MS Co. was named as a defendant in a purported antitrust class action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York SDNY styled Iowa Public Employees Retirement System et al. v. Bank of America Corporation et al . Plaintiffs allege, inter alia, that MS Co., together with a number of other financial institution defendants, violated U.S. antitrust laws and New York state law in connection with their alleged efforts to prevent the development of electronic exchange-based platforms for securities lending. The class action complaint was filed on behalf of a purported class of borrowers and lenders who entered into stock loan transactions with the defendants. The class action complaint seeks, among other relief, certification of the class of plaintiffs and treble damages. On September 27, 2018, the court denied the defendants motion to dismiss the class action complaint. Plaintiffs motion for class certification was referred by the District Court to a magistrate judge who, on June 30, 2022, issued a report and recommendation that the District Court certify a class. The motion for class certification and the parties objections to the report and recommendation are pending before the District Court. On August 13, 2021, the plaintiff in Camelot Event Driven Fund, a Series of Frank Funds Trust v. Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, et al . filed in the Supreme Court of NY a purported class action complaint alleging violations of the federal securities laws against ViacomCBS Viacom ), certain of its officers and directors, and the underwriters, including the Company, of two March 2021 Viacom offerings: a 1,700 Viacom Class B Common Stock offering and a 1,000 offering of 5.75 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (collectively, the Offerings ). The complaint alleges, inter alia, that the Viacom offering documents for both issuances contained material omissions because they did not disclose that certain of the underwriters, including the Company, had prime brokerage relationships and served as counterparties to certain derivative transactions with Archegos Capital Management LP, Archegos ), a fund with significant exposure to Viacom securities across multiple prime brokers. The complaint, which seeks, among other things, unspecified compensatory damages, alleges that the offering documents did not adequately disclose the risks associated with Archegos s concentrated Viacom positions at the various prime brokers, including that the unwind of those positions could have a deleterious impact on the stock price of Viacom. On November 5, 2021, the complaint was amended to add allegations that defendants failed to disclose that certain underwriters, including the Company, had intended to unwind Archegos s Viacom positions while simultaneously distributing the Offerings. On February 6, 2023, the court issued a decision denying the motions to dismiss as to the Company and the other underwriters, but granted the motion to dismiss as to Viacom and the Viacom individual defendants. On February 15 2023, the underwriters, including the Firm, filed their Notices of Appeal of the denial of their motions to dismiss. Settled Civil Litigation On July 15, 2010, China Development Industrial Bank CDIB filed a complaint against MS Co., styled China Development Industrial Bank v. Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated et al ., in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint related to a 275 million credit default swap CDS referencing the super senior portion of the STACK 2006-1 CDO. The complaint asserted claims for common law fraud, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment and alleges that MS Co. misrepresented the risks of the STACK 2006-1 CDO to CDIB, and that MS Co knew that the assets backing the CDO were of poor quality when it entered into the CDS with CDIB. On March 22, 2021, the parties entered into a settlement agreement. On April 16, 2021, the court entered a stipulation of voluntary discontinuance, with prejudice. On October 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Circuit Court of the State of Illinois, styled Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago v. Bank of America Funding Corporation et al . A corrected amended complaint was filed on April 8, 2011, which alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans and asserts claims under Illinois law. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. at issue in the action was approximately 203 million. The complaint seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On November 4, 2021, the Firm entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. 
 13 

On April 20, 2011, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts styled Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston v. Ally Financial, Inc. F/K/A GMAC LLC et al . An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012 and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately 385 million. The amended complaint raised claims under the Massachusetts Uniform Securities Act, the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Act and common law and sought, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On November 25, 2013, July 16, 2014, and May 19, 2015, respectively, the plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its claims against MS Co. with respect to three of the securitizations at issue. After these voluntary dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately 332 million. On July 13, 2018, the parties reached an agreement in principle to settle the litigation. On May 3, 2013, plaintiffs in Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank AG et al. v. Morgan Stanley et al . filed a complaint against MS Co., certain affiliates, and other defendants in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleged that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately 634 million. The complaint alleged causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and rescission and sought, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On June 26, 2018, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On April 1, 2016, the California Attorney General s Office filed an action against MS Co. in California state court styled California v. Morgan Stanley, et al ., on behalf of California investors, including the California Public Employees Retirement System and the California Teachers Retirement System. The complaint alleged that MS Co. made misrepresentations and omissions regarding residential mortgage-backed securities and notes issued by the Cheyne SIV, and asserted violations of the California False Claims Act and other state laws and sought treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement, and injunctive relief. On April 24, 2019, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation. Beginning on March 25, 2019, MS Co. was named as a defendant in a series of putative class action complaints filed in the United States District Court for the SDNY, the first of which is styled Alaska Electrical Pension Fund v. BofA Secs., Inc., et al . Each complaint alleged a conspiracy to fix prices and restrain competition in the market for unsecured bonds issued by the following Government-Sponsored Enterprises: the Federal National Mortgage Association; the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation; the Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding Corporation; and the Federal Home Loan Banks. The purported class period for each suit is from January 1, 2012 to June 1, 2018. Each complaint raised a claim under Section 1 of the Sherman Act and sought, among other things, injunctive relief and treble compensatory damages. On May 23, 2019, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended class action complaint styled In re GSE Bonds Antitrust Litigation , with a purported class period from January 1, 2009 to January 1, 2016. On June 13, 2019, the defendants filed a joint motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint. On August 29, 2019, the court denied MS Co. s motion to dismiss. On December 15, 2019, MS Co. and certain other defendants entered into a stipulation of settlement to resolve the action as against each of them in its entirety. On June 16, 2020, the court granted final approval of the settlement. Additional lawsuits containing claims similar to those described above may be filed in the future. In the course of its business, MS Co., as a major futures commission merchant, is party to various civil actions, claims and routine regulatory investigations and proceedings that the General Partner believes do not have a material effect on the business of MS Co. MS Co. may establish reserves from time to time in connections with such actions. 
 14 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . Not Applicable. 
 15 

PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

(a) 
 Market Information . The Partnership has issued no stock. There is no public market for the Redeemable Units. 

(b) 
 Holders . The number of holders of Redeemable Units as of February 28, 2023 was 826 for Class A Redeemable Units, 2 for Class D Redeemable Units and 15 for Class Z Redeemable Units. 

(c) 
 Dividends . The Partnership did not declare any distributions in 2022 or 2021. The Partnership does not intend to declare distributions in the foreseeable future. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensatory Plans . None. 

(e) 
 Performance Graph . Not applicable. 

(f) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities . For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were subscriptions of 4,842.6190 Class A Redeemable Units totaling 12,557,500 and 790.3010 Class Z Redeemable Units totaling 1,675,000. For the year ended December 31, 2021, there were subscriptions of 4,927.5530 Class A Redeemable Units totaling 10,121,560 and 194.2000 Class Z Redeemable Units totaling 325,000. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there were subscriptions of 1,834.1890 Class A Redeemable Units totaling 2,670,643 and 224.5500 Class Z Redeemable Units totaling 260,760. Redeemable Units are issued in reliance upon applicable exemptions from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Redeemable Units are purchased by accredited investors, as described in Regulation D. In determining the applicability of the exemption, the General Partner relies on the fact that the Redeemable Units are purchased by accredited investors in a private offering. Proceeds from the sale of Redeemable Units are used in the trading of commodity interests including futures, option and forward contracts and any other interests pertaining thereto, including interests in commodity pools. 

(g) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers . The following chart sets forth the purchases of limited partner Redeemable Units for each Class by the Partnership. 

Period 
 
 Class A (a) Total Number of Redeemable Units Purchased 

Class A (b) Average Price Paid per Redeemable Unit 

Class Z (a) Total Number of Redeemable Units Purchased 

Class Z (b) Average Price Paid per Redeemable Unit 

(c) Total Number of Redeemable Units Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

(d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Redeemable Units that May Yet by Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 

135.1910 

2,713.34 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 

293.4290 

2,709.91 

72.5510 

2,221.58 

N/A 

N/A 

December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 

209.7030 

2,721.77 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

638.3230 

2,714.53 

72.5510 

2,221.58 

Generally, limited partners are permitted to redeem their Redeemable Units as of the end of each month on three business days notice to the General Partner. Under certain circumstances, the General Partner can compel redemption, although to date, the General Partner has not exercised this right. Purchases of Redeemable Units by the Partnership reflected in the chart above were made in the ordinary course of the Partnership s business in connection with effecting redemptions for limited partners. 

Redemptions of Redeemable Units are effected as of the last day of each month at the net asset value per Redeemable Unit as of that day. No fee will be charged for redemptions. 
 16 

Item 6. Reserved . Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Overview The Partnership, directly and through its investment in the Funds, seeks to achieve capital appreciation through speculative trading of commodity interests on U.S. and international futures, options on futures and forward markets. The Partnership may also engage, directly or indirectly, in swap transactions and other derivative transactions with the approval of the General Partner. Initially, the Partnership s investment strategy focused on energy and energy-related investments. While the Partnership is expected to continue to have significant exposure to energy and energy-related markets, such trading will no longer be the Partnership s primary focus. Therefore, the Partnership s past trading performance will not necessarily be indicative of future results. The General Partner/Trading Manager manages all business of the Partnership/Funds. The General Partner delegated its responsibility for the investment of the Partnership s assets to the Advisors. The General Partner/Trading Manager engages a team of approximately 9 professionals, whose primary emphasis is on attempting to maintain quality control among the advisors to the funds operated or managed by the General Partner/Trading Manager. A full-time staff of due diligence professionals use proprietary technology and on-site evaluations to monitor new and existing futures money managers. The accounting and operations staff provide processing of subscriptions and redemptions and reporting to limited partners and regulatory authorities. The General Partner also engages staff involved in marketing and sales support. In selecting an Advisor for the Partnership, the General Partner considers, among other factors, the Advisor s past performance, trading style, volatility of markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets to an Advisor and allocate assets to additional advisors at any time. Responsibilities of the General Partner include: 

due diligence examinations of the Advisors; 

selection, appointment and termination of the Advisors; 

negotiation of the Management Agreements; and 

monitoring the activity of the Advisors. In addition, the General Partner/Trading Manager prepares, or assists the Administrator in preparing, the books and records and provides, or assists the Administrator in providing, the administrative and compliance services that are required by law or regulation, from time to time, in connection with the operation of the Partnership/Funds. While the Partnership and the Funds have the right to seek lower commission rates from other commodity brokers at any time, the General Partner believes that the customer agreements and other arrangements with the commodity broker are fair, reasonable and competitive. The programs traded by each Advisor on behalf of the Partnership are: Millburn Commodity Program, Ospraie Commodity Program, Northlander Commodity Program, Drakewood Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy, EMC Commodity Program and prior to Pan s termination effective October 31, 2022, Pan Energy Trading Program and prior to Geosol s termination effective June 30, 2022, Geosol U.S. Power and Natural Gas Program and prior to Aquantum s termination effective December 31, 2020, Aquantum Aquantum Commodity Spread Program and prior to Harbour Square s termination effective March 31, 2019, Harbour Square Discretionary Energy Program and prior to Aventis s termination effective November 30, 2018, Aventis Aventis Diversified Commodity Strategy. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets among the Advisors at any time and may allocate assets to additional Advisors at any time. 
 17 

As of December 31, 2022 and September 30, 2022, the Partnership s assets were allocated among the Advisors in the following approximate percentages: 

Advisor 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2022 (percentage of Partners Capital) 

September 30, 2022 

September 30, 2022 (percentage of Partners Capital) 

Millburn 

57,437,177 

37 

41,227,928 

28 

Ospraie 

47,510,592 

31 

37,727,320 

25 

Pan 

- 

0 

35,651,525 

24 

Northlander 

12,964,185 

8 

11,629,331 

8 

Drakewood 

13,846,564 

9 

12,012,416 

7 

EMC 

8,600,820 

6 

7,556,489 

5 

Unallocated 

14,676,663 

9 

4,111,998 

3 
 
 Millburn Ridgefield Corporation Millburn trades the Partnership s assets in accordance with its Millburn Commodity Program. Millburn is the corporate successor to a futures trading and advisory organization that has been continuously managing assets in the currency and futures markets using quantitative, systematic techniques since 1971. The Millburn Commodity Program trades a diverse group of global commodity futures markets currently approximately 45 although it may not trade in all such markets at all times and the number of markets may increase or decrease from time to time. It strives to maintain a diversified portfolio of commodity futures, allocated according to volatility based risk (not face value), subject to constraints, in order to take advantage of global economic cycles and commodity price fluctuations. The portfolio is intended to be as diversified as market liquidity permits, and each market is traded using a diversified set of directional trading systems. Maximum market allocations for each market in the portfolio are determined based on factors including, among others, exchange regulations and depth of market. Millburn seeks to increase the number of commodity futures markets traded in the portfolio over time as new futures contracts become available, but it is also likely that certain futures contracts will be removed from the portfolio due to diminishing liquidity. Millburn makes its systematically-based investment and trading decisions pursuant to its investment and trading methods, which may include technical trend analysis, certain nontraditional technical systems (i.e., systems falling outside of traditional technical trend analysis) and money management principles, each of which may be revised from time to time. The objective of the investment and trading systems employed by Millburn is to consider multiple data inputs, or factors, in order to arrive at relatively near-term return forecasts for each traded instrument, and take appropriate, risk-managed positions. These factors include price data, but also a range of price derivative and non-price data. Trades generated by quantitative models may be profitable or unprofitable. The Millburn Commodity Program s objective is to have its profitable trades offset and exceed losses from its unprofitable trades. During periods in which market behavior differs significantly from that analyzed to build models, substantial losses are possible, and even likely. Successful systematic futures trading depends on several elements. Two of the main factors are the development and selection of the trading systems used in each market, and the allocation of portfolio risk among the markets available for trading. Market environments change over time, and particular systems may perform well in one environment but poorly in another. Likewise, market sectors and individual markets go through periods where systematic trading is very profitable and other periods where no system is able to generate any profits. The goal of Millburn s research has been to develop and select a mix of systems in each market and to allocate risk across a wide array of markets, so as to contain overall portfolio risk within a targeted range while allowing exposure to profitable opportunities. Over more than 50 years, Millburn and its predecessor entities have developed hundreds of trading systems. These trading systems generate buy or sell decisions in a particular market based on the analysis of price movements in the market, some non-price information or a combination of both. Of course, systems can be materially different better in some periods and worse in others. The main distinguishing features are: the time frame over which systems work (intra-day to long term); the granularity of data fed into them (tick data to daily, weekly or monthly frequencies); type (market or economic statistics); source (cash, futures, forward or option markets generated data or government and industry generated statistical information), and the objective of the system (profiting from momentum, mean reversion, trading ranges or volatility). No single approach will work all the time. Therefore, Millburn s objective is to have several approaches and several data inputs operating in conjunction with one another. 
 18 

When arriving at the portfolio allocation, Millburn generally seeks maximum diversification subject to liquidity and sector concentration constraints and subject to the mandate of the strategy. Each market is traded using a diversified set of trading systems, which may be optimized for groups of markets, sectors or specific markets. The markets traded and allocations are reviewed at least monthly, although changes may occur more or less frequently. The following factors, among others, are considered in constructing a universe of markets to trade for each portfolio: profitability, liquidity of markets, professional judgment, desired diversification, transaction costs, exchange regulations and depth of market. For the Millburn Commodity Program, the current allocation to any market in the portfolio does not exceed 10 . The portfolio weightings will be determined, taking into account statistical data on the returns in each market, liquidity constraints and Millburn s judgment and experience. Risk is a function of both price level and price volatility. For example, for any given level of volatility, a 100,000 barrel crude oil position is worth more and is, therefore, probably more risky with oil at 90 per barrel than with oil at 50 per barrel. Similarly, oil would be more risky if prices are moving in a 5 daily range than if prices are moving in a 1 daily range. Millburn sizes the position in each market taking into account its measurement of risk based on price level and volatility in that market. Market exposure is then managed by the position-sizing models which measure the risk in the portfolio s position in each market. In the event the model determines that the risk has changed beyond an acceptable threshold, it will signal a change in the position a decrease in position size when risk increases and an increase in position size when risk decreases. Millburn s position-sizing models maintain overall portfolio risk and distribution of risk across markets within designated ranges. The position-sizing model manages the position traded by each of the (directional) trading systems discussed above. In addition, Millburn s risk management processes focus on money management principles applicable to the portfolio as a whole rather than to individual markets. The first principle is portfolio diversification which attempts to improve the quality of profits by reducing volatility. Additional money management principles applicable to the portfolio as a whole include: (1) limiting the assets committed as margin or collateral, generally within a range of 5 to 35 of an account s net assets, though the amount may at any time be higher or lower; and (2) prohibiting pyramiding that is, using unrealized profits in a particular market as margin for additional positions solely in the same market. Another important risk management function is the careful control of leverage or total portfolio exposure. Leverage levels are determined by simulating the entire portfolio all markets, all systems, all risk control models, the exact weightings of the markets in the portfolio and the proposed level of leverage over the past five or ten years to determine the portfolio s simulated risk and return characteristics as well as the worst case experienced by the portfolio in the simulation period. The worst case, or peak-to-trough drawdown, is measured from a daily high in portfolio assets to the subsequent daily low whether that occurs days, weeks or months after the daily high. If Millburn considers the drawdown too severe or the portfolio s simulated volatility too high, it reduces the leverage or total portfolio exposure. There are, however, no restrictions on the amount of leverage Millburn may use at any given time. Decisions whether to trade a particular market require the exercise of judgment. The decision not to trade certain markets for certain periods, or to reduce the size of a position in a particular market, may result at times in missing significant profit opportunities. In some cases, Millburn employs discretion in the execution of trades where The Millburn Corporation s trader expertise plays a role in timing of orders and, from time to time, Millburn may adjust the size of a position, long or short, in any given market indicated by its systematic trading strategies. This exercise of discretion (other than in trade execution) generally occurs only in response to unusual market conditions that may not have been factored into the design of the trading systems and is generally intended to reduce risk. Decisions to make such adjustments also require the exercise of judgment and may include consideration of the volatility of the particular market; the pattern of price movements, both inter-day and intra-day; open interest; volume of trading; changes in spread relationships between various forward contracts; and overall portfolio balance and risk exposure. With respect to the execution of trades, Millburn may rely to an extent upon the judgment of others, including dealers and bank traders. No assurance is given that it will be possible to execute trades regularly at or near the desired buy or sell point. The trading method, systems and money management principles utilized by Millburn are proprietary and confidential. The foregoing description is general and is not intended to be complete. Millburn and its principals may, from time to time, trade futures, forward, and option contracts and securities for their own proprietary accounts. Such trades may or may not be in accordance with the Millburn trading program described above. The trading records of those accounts are not available for inspection. 
 19 

Ospraie Management, LLC Ospraie trades the Partnership s assets in accordance with the Commodity Program. The primary investment objective is the appreciation of capital through active, leveraged trading and investment on a global basis primarily in a portfolio of commodities and related derivative instruments. Such commodity trading includes futures, forward, option and swap contracts and physical commodities in energy, industrial metals, precious metals, grains, softs/meats, freight and related markets, among other commodity sectors. The cornerstone of Ospraie s approach to commodity investing is fundamental research. Ospraie uses a similar analytical methodology for each commodity market in which it elects to invest. This methodology incorporates the multiple variables that determine the end price of a commodity, including, but not limited to, the available supply of the commodity and the cost of production including extracting or harvesting, transporting, processing and distributing such commodity. It also incorporates current and projected demand for the commodity based on relative and absolute price levels and global economic factors. In addition, the relative availability of inventory in respect of a specified commodity to the world markets is factored into Ospraie s analytical model. This analytical methodology guides Ospraie s investment decisions with respect to an industry and results in a view as to its likely economic prospects. The investment thesis is then expressed in the global capital markets principally through futures and options instruments. The majority of the portfolio will include long/short directional investments based on Ospraie s view on the future movements of prices of applicable commodities. Ospraie will also seek to maximize returns by investing in relative value opportunities, including investments based on intra-commodity curve related spreads (i.e., entering into a long and short position in a commodity interest with different delivery months) and inter-commodity price spreads (i.e., entering into a long position in a commodity interest and entering into a short position in a related commodity interest). Ospraie may also invest in foreign exchange, primarily for hedging purposes. While the portfolio will generally be based upon Ospraie s long-term views, the investment process will also include a subjective overlay as to the short-term profitability of an investment. Ospraie intends to dynamically size and scale back its trades based on its continued fundamental analysis, current level of conviction, the likely timing of realization, and current market conditions applicable to each investment. The portfolio will be principally comprised of highly liquid investment assets in order to maximize liquidity for investors. The portfolio s liquidity will be achieved through the use of various instruments to access what Ospraie believes is the most efficient combination of liquidity and risk/reward consideration for each position. Pan Capital Management L.P. Pan traded the Partnership s assets allocated to it directly pursuant to its Energy Trading Program, a proprietary, discretionary trading program. The Energy Trading Program s primary objective was to produce absolute returns through active trading of the U.S. energy markets, while offering investors an opportunity to diversify their overall portfolios. The Energy Trading Program also strived to minimize the risk of capital loss. Pan traded listed exchange-traded futures and options on futures in the U.S. natural gas market and, with the consent of the General Partner, other liquid U.S. energy markets, including, but not limited to, electricity and crude oil. With the General Partner s consent Pan may also trade swaps on behalf of the Partnership. Pan based energy trading on fundamental analysis rather than market timing and seeks to structure trades with asymmetric risk return. Pan firmly believed solid and thorough fundamental analysis, rigorous risk management and deep understanding of energy markets are required to achieve the Energy Trading Program s investment objectives. Northlander Commodity Advisors LLP The portion of the Partnership s assets that are allocated to Northlander for trading are not invested in commodity interests directly. Northlander s allocation of the Partnership s assets is currently invested in NL Master. Northlander trades the Partnership s assets allocated to it pursuant to its Northlander Commodity Program. The Northlander Commodity Program is a commodity focused trading program which invests in energy products globally, but with an emphasis on European power, European gas, European emissions, and international coal markets. The program is an absolute return strategy which seeks to identify value in mispriced markets through careful fundamental analysis by focusing on market dynamics and market structure and then expressing its thesis through its proprietary portfolio construction and risk management procedures. 
 20 

Geosol Capital, LLC The portion of the Partnership s assets that were allocated to Geosol for trading were not invested in commodity interests directly. Geosol s allocation of the Partnership s assets were invested in GSL Master. Geosol traded the Partnership s assets in accordance with its U.S. Power and Natural Gas Program. Geosol used proprietary fundamental valuation analysis combined with their proprietary profit maximizing risk management framework to identify a variety of trade opportunities and execution possibilities in North American energy markets, including electricity and natural gas, using listed commodity futures and options. The Trading Manager and Geosol have agreed that the volatility applied to the assets allocated to Geosol shall initially be 50.0 (one half) of the volatility typically employed for the trading of the program. Upon identifying opportunities through fundamental analysis (i.e., supply, demand, storage and power dispatch stack), Geosol then determined the most appropriate means of capturing the identified value. Geosol allocated risk based on predetermined calculations of maximum acceptable loss exposure associated with each strategy and commodity. Geosol employs several different types of risk models based on the characteristics of each strategy and commodity, and will periodically shift risk allocations between commodities and risk books based on the opportunities observed in the marketplace. Geosol believes that flexible risk allocations tend to produce greater total returns in a multi-commodity book due to higher average capital utilization. The risk process measures profit/loss and position by strategy and commodity on a daily basis. In managing the trading activity for the Partnership, Geosol strived to trade GSL Master pari passu with Geosol Capital Onshore I, LP subject to the targeted volatility differential as described above and/or directed (in writing) by the General Partner/Trading Manager. Drakewood Capital Management Limited Drakewood trades the Partnership s assets allocated to it pursuant to the Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy. Pursuant to the Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy, Drakewood invests the Partnership s assets primarily in a portfolio of risk positions in precious, non-ferrous and ferrous metal futures, forward contracts and related options, and derivative instruments. Other commodities may be traded from time to time, and may also invest in LME warrants, although these instruments are expected to constitute a relatively minor part of the portfolio. Investments made pursuant to the Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy investments are expected to be concentrated in precious, non-ferrous and ferrous metal strategies and the Program s investments are not expected to be diversified. The Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy is designed to gain exposure to opportunities in the majority of actively traded metals while limiting exposure in any one particular metal. The intent of this strategy is to increase opportunities for gain, while managing risk in order to provide more consistent returns. Based on the fundamentally driven investment approach of the Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy, Drakewood will often hold generally directional positions either predominantly long or short depending on price drivers for each individual metal. The Drakewood Prospect Fund Strategy is expected to be neither long nor short biased through the cycle but rather to take a fundamental view over a one, two, five and ten year time frame and take positions accordingly. Long long-term core positions will be augmented by shorter shorter-term trading positions around each core position to manage short short-term price risk. In normal circumstances there may be daily trading activity on the portfolio even though the core fundamental view will persist for a year or more. Due to the nature of commodities futures trading, gross exposures may be much higher than net asset value due to the nature of having numerous offsetting positions, such as calendar spreads. EMC Capital Advisors, LLC EMC trades the Partnership s assets allocated to it pursuant to the EMC Commodity Program. The investment strategy employed in the EMC Commodity Program seeks to provide long-term positive returns with low correlation to equity, fixed income and hedge fund portfolios. EMC employs quantitative, systematic trading models across a broad range of liquid global commodity and currency markets. Sectors traded include precious and base metals, energies, agricultural and soft commodities. 
 21 

Aquantum GmbH Aquantum traded the Partnership s assets allocated to it pursuant to its Aquantum Commodity Spread Program. The Aquantum Commodity Spread Program was a systematic commodity market-neutral trading program. It was designed to benefit from seasonal price dislocations in the forward structure of numerous commodity futures markets across all sectors (energy, softs, grains, livestock, and metals) which are the result of changing market participants expectations and fundamental factors like weather, climate, trends in consumption, harvest cycles, feed and storage costs, which typically trigger supply and demand dislocations. While the Aquantum Commodity Spread Program may have combined multiple spread positions per market, each individual trade was implemented as an intra-market calendar spread and was placed according to a 100 systematic methodology. Due to the seasonal character of the patterns traded, the Aquantum Commodity Spread Program was a time based strategy. Harbour Square Capital Management LLC Harbour Square traded the Partnership s assets allocated to it pursuant to its Discretionary Energy Program. The Discretionary Energy Program focused on a proprietary process that involved applying simulations to in-house models that emulated the fundamental elements of natural gas supply and demand to build distributions of possible fundamental outcomes. Harbour Square analyzed the changes to these distributions to determine underlying skew variations throughout time. This analysis of the change and rate of change in fundamental distributions while evaluating the concurrent natural gas price movements along the forward curve allowed Harbour Square to identify optimal risk/reward investment opportunities. Harbour Square looked to capitalize on short-to-intermediate term price dislocations by trading exchange-cleared futures, options and swaps in the U.S. natural gas market. Aventis Asset Management, LLC Aventis traded the Partnership s assets allocated to it pursuant to its Aventis Diversified Commodity Strategy. The Aventis Diversified Commodity Strategy was a proprietary trading program developed and refined by Aventis, which was the synthesis of disparate fundamental views and technical indicators overlaid with strict risk management policies on a position, sector and portfolio basis. The Aventis Diversified Commodity Strategy had the following characteristics: 

Ensemble of Three Sub-Programs : The Aventis Diversified Commodity Strategy was based on an ensemble of three discretionary sub-programs: spreads, directional and short term trading. This type of trading was based primarily on the fundamentals of the market (i.e., changes in supply or demand of a commodity). It also included supply and demand of the pit (i.e., discovery of over bought and over sold conditions). 

Spread Trading : Approximately 60 of trading activity was based on calendar, intra-market and inter-market spreads. Intra-market spreads are where one is simultaneously long and short different delivery months of the same contract (i.e., long April Live Cattle versus short June Live Cattle). Inter-market spreads are where one is long one contract and simultaneously short a completely different contract (i.e., long December Natural Gas and short December Crude Oil). 

Directional Trading : Approximately 35 of the strategy was directional in nature utilizing outright and spread positions. 

Short Term Trading : Approximately 5 of the strategy was involved in short term trading. 

Markets Followed : The Aventis Diversified Commodity Strategy traded on behalf of the Partnership in the following markets, among others: grains, currencies, energies, softs, meats and metals. 

Risk Management : Effective risk management was also a crucial aspect of the program. Account size, expectation, volatility of markets traded and the nature of other positions taken were all factors in deciding whether to take a position and determining the amount of equity committed to that position. Please note that the percentage of assets allocated to the three discretionary sub-programs (spreads, directional and short term trading) was made pursuant to Aventis s sole discretion and not in order to maintain any constant percentage allocation among the different sub-programs. As a result, the amount of assets allocated to each sub-program, both on a dollar amount and percentage basis, varied greatly over the life of the Partnership s investment. 
 22 

Trading decisions may have required the exercise of judgment by Aventis. Therefore, successful trading depended on Aventis s trading ability, knowledge and judgment. Aventis exercised its judgment and discretion in interpreting the data generated by its trading program, and made all decisions regarding trading, including selecting the markets which were followed and traded. In addition, Aventis determined the method by which orders were placed, the types of orders that were placed, the overall leverage for the portfolio, and, when applicable, the time at which orders were placed with, and executed by, a broker. The trading program that was followed by Aventis did not assure successful trading. Investment decisions made in accordance with the Aventis Diversified Commodity Strategy was based on an assessment of available market information. However, because of the large quantity of information at hand, the number of available facts that may have been overlooked and the variables that may have shifted, any investment decision must, in the final analysis, have been based on the judgment of Aventis. The decision by Aventis not to trade certain markets or not to make certain trades may have resulted at times in missing price moves and hence profits of great magnitude, which other trading advisors who were willing to trade these markets may have been able to capture. Aventis s approach was dependent in part on the existence of certain technical or fundamental indicators. There have been periods in the past when there were no such market indicators present. Aventis believed that the development of a trading strategy was a continual process. As a result of further analysis and research, changes were made from time to time in the specific manner in which the Aventis Diversified Commodity Strategy evaluated price movements in various markets. The Aventis Diversified Commodity Strategy was a proprietary and confidential program, and the foregoing description is, of necessity, general and is not intended to be exhaustive. Consequently, an investor cannot determine the full details of the program, or whether the program was being followed. There was no assurance that any trading strategy of Aventis was able to produce profitable results. As a managed futures partnership, the Partnership s performance is dependent upon the successful trading of the Advisors to achieve the Partnership s objectives. It is the business of the General Partner to monitor an Advisor s performance to assure compliance with the Partnership s trading policies and to determine if the Advisor s performance is meeting the Partnership s objectives. No assurance can be given that the Advisors strategies will be successful or that they will generate profits for the Partnership. Specific Fund level performance information is included in Note 6 to the financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . For the period January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the average allocation by commodity market sector for NL Master and Drakewood Master was as follows: 

NL Master 

Energy 

100 

Drakewood Master 

Currencies 

7 
 
 Metals 

93 

(a) 
 Liquidity . The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services. Its assets are its (i) investment in the Funds, (ii) redemptions receivable from the Funds, (iii) equity in trading account, consisting of unrestricted and restricted cash, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts, options purchased at fair value and investment in U.S. Treasury bills at fair value, if applicable, and (iv) interest receivable. Because of the low margin deposits normally required in commodity futures trading, relatively small price movements may result in substantial losses to the Partnership, through its investment in the Funds and its direct investments. While substantial losses could lead to a material decrease in liquidity, no such illiquidity occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 23 

To minimize the risk relating to low margin deposits, the Partnership/Funds follow certain trading policies, including: 

(i) 
 The Partnership/Funds invest their assets only in commodity interests that the Advisors believe are traded in sufficient volume to permit ease of taking and liquidating positions. Sufficient volume, in this context, refers to a level of liquidity that the Advisors believe will permit them to enter and exit trades without noticeably moving the market. 

(ii) 
 An Advisor will not initiate additional positions in any commodity if these positions would result in aggregate positions requiring a margin of more than 66 2/3 of the Partnership s net assets allocated to such Advisor. 

(iii) 
 The Partnership/Funds may occasionally accept delivery of a commodity. Unless such delivery is disposed of promptly by retendering the warehouse receipt representing the delivery to the appropriate clearinghouse, the physical commodity position is fully hedged. 

(iv) 
 The Partnership/Funds do not employ the trading technique commonly known as pyramiding, in which the speculator uses unrealized profits on existing positions as margin for the purchases or sale of additional positions in the same or related commodities. 

(v) 
 The Partnership/Funds do not utilize borrowings other than short-term borrowings if the Partnership/Funds take delivery of any cash commodities. 

(vi) 
 The Advisors may, from time to time, employ trading strategies such as spreads or straddles on behalf of the Partnership/Funds. The terms spread and straddle describe commodity futures trading strategies involving the simultaneous buying and selling of futures contracts on the same commodity but involving different delivery dates or markets. 

(vii) 
 The Partnership/Funds will not permit the churning of their commodity trading accounts. The term churning refers to the practice of entering and exiting trades with a frequency unwarranted by legitimate efforts to profit from the trades, driven by the desire to generate commission income. From January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the Partnership s average margin to equity ratio i.e. , the percentage of assets on deposit required for margin) was approximately 9.9 . The foregoing margin to equity ratio takes into account cash held in the Partnership s name, as well as the allocable value of the positions and cash held on behalf of the Partnership in the name of the Funds. In the normal course of business, the Partnership and the Funds are parties to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk, including derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments. These financial instruments may include forwards, futures, options and swaps, whose values are based upon an underlying asset, index, or reference rate, and generally represent future commitments to exchange currencies or cash balances, to purchase or sell other financial instruments at specific terms at specified future dates, or, in the case of derivative commodity instruments, to have a reasonable possibility to be settled in cash, through physical delivery or with another financial instrument. These instruments may be traded on an exchange, a swap execution facility or OTC. Exchange-traded instruments include futures and certain standardized forward, swap and option contracts. Specific market movements of commodities or futures contracts underlying an option cannot accurately be predicted. The purchaser of an option may lose the entire premium paid for the option. The writer or seller of an option has unlimited risk. Certain swap contracts may also be traded on a swap execution facility or OTC. OTC contracts are negotiated between contracting parties and also include certain forward and option contracts. Each of these instruments is subject to various risks similar to those related to the underlying financial instruments, including market and credit risk. In general, the risks associated with OTC contracts are greater than those associated with exchange-traded instruments because of the greater risk of default by the counterparty to an OTC contract. None of the Partnership s/Funds contracts are traded OTC, although contracts may be traded OTC in the future. As both a buyer and seller of options, the Partnership/Funds pay or receive a premium at the outset and then bear the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. Written options expose the Partnership/Funds to potentially unlimited liability; for purchased options the risk of loss is limited to the premiums paid. Certain written put options permit cash settlement and do not require the option holder to own the reference asset. The Partnership/Funds do not consider these contracts to be guarantees. The Partnership/Funds do not isolate the portion of the results of operations arising from the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from fluctuations due to changes in market prices of investments held. Such fluctuations are included in total trading results in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Income and Expenses. 
 24 

Market risk is the potential for changes in the value of the financial instruments traded by the Partnership/Funds due to market changes, including interest and foreign exchange rate movements and fluctuations in commodity or security prices. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the related underlying assets are traded. The Partnership and the Funds are exposed to market risk equal to the value of the futures and forward contracts held and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short. Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of a contract. The Partnership s/Funds risk of loss in the event of counterparty default is typically limited to the amounts recognized in the Statements of Financial Condition and is not represented by the contract or notional amounts of the instruments. The Partnership s/Funds risk of loss is reduced through the use of legally enforceable master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the Partnership/Funds to offset unrealized gains and losses and other assets and liabilities with such counterparties upon the occurrence of certain events. The Partnership/Funds have credit risk and concentration risk, as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate are counterparties or brokers with respect to the Partnership s/Funds assets. Credit risk with respect to exchange-traded instruments is reduced to the extent that, through MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate, the Partnership s/Funds counterparty is an exchange or clearing organization. The risk to the limited partners that have purchased Redeemable Units is limited to the amount of their share of the Partnership s net assets and undistributed profits. The limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under New York law. The General Partner/Trading Manager monitors and attempts to mitigate the Partnership s/Funds risk exposure on a daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems, and believes, accordingly, that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership/Funds may be subject. These monitoring systems generally allow the General Partner/Trading Manager to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk-adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provide account analysis of futures, exchange-cleared swap and option contracts by sector, margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions. (See also Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . for further information on financial instrument risk included in the notes to the financial statements.) The majority of these financial instruments mature within one year of the inception date. However, due to the nature of the Partnership s/Funds business, these instruments may not be held to maturity. Other than the risks inherent in commodity futures, forwards, options and swaps trading, U.S. Treasury bills and money market mutual fund securities, the General Partner/Trading Manager knows of no trends, demands, commitments, events or uncertainties which will result in or which are reasonably likely to result in the Partnership s/Funds liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way. The Limited Partnership Agreement provides that the Partnership shall cease trading operations and liquidate all open positions under certain circumstances, including a decrease in net asset value per Redeemable Unit to less than 400 as of the close of business on any business day. 

(b) 
 Capital Resources . 

(i) 
 The Partnership has made no material commitments for capital expenditures. 

(ii) 
 The Partnership s capital consists of the capital contributions of the partners, as increased or decreased by net income or losses on trading and by expenses, interest income, subscriptions and redemptions of Redeemable Units and distributions of profits, if any. Gains or losses on trading cannot be predicted. Market movements in commodities are dependent upon fundamental and technical factors which the Advisors may or may not be able to identify, such as changing supply and demand relationships, pandemics, epidemics and other health crises, weather, government, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies, national and international political and economic events and changes in interest rates. Partnership expenses consist of, among other things, clearing fees, ongoing selling agent fees, management fees and General Partner fees. The level of these expenses is dependent upon trading performance and the level of net assets maintained. In addition, the amount of interest income earned by the Partnership is dependent upon (1) the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s and/or applicable Funds accounts, (2) the amount of U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual fund securities held by the Partnership and/or the Funds and (3) interest rates over which none of the Partnership, the Funds or MS Co. has control. 
 25 

No forecast can be made as to the level of redemptions in any given period. A limited partner may require the Partnership to redeem some or all of its Redeemable Units at their net asset value as of the end of each month on three business days notice to the General Partner. There is no fee charged to limited partners in connection with redemptions. Redemptions are generally funded out of the Partnership s cash holdings and/or redemptions from the Funds. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 4,280.7070 Class A Redeemable Units were redeemed totaling 11,192,915, 11.1970 Class Z General Partner Redeemable Units were redeemed totaling 25,000 and 119.2400 Class Z Redeemable Units were redeemed totaling 263,645. For the year ended December 31, 2021, 6,758.4960 Class A Redeemable Units were redeemed totaling 13,372,859 and 114.7580 Class Z General Partner Redeemable Units were redeemed totaling 190,000. For the year ended December 31, 2020, 12,583.3140 Class A Redeemable Units were redeemed totaling 17,690,739 and 255.8790 Class Z General Partner Redeemable Units were redeemed totaling 300,000. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were subscriptions of 4,842.6190 Class A Redeemable Units totaling 12,557,500 and 790.3010 Class Z Redeemable Units totaling 1,675,000. For the year ended December 31, 2021, there were subscriptions of 4,927.5530 Class A Redeemable Units totaling 10,121,560 and 194.2000 Class Z Redeemable Units totaling 325,000. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there were subscriptions of 1,834.1890 Class A Redeemable Units totaling 2,670,643 and 224.5500 Class Z Redeemable Units totaling 260,760. (c) Results of Operations . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net asset value per Class A Redeemable Unit increased 18.8 from 2,290.21 to 2,721.77. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net asset value per Class D Redeemable Unit increased 18.8 from 1,816.10 to 2,158.32. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net asset value per Class Z Redeemable Unit increased 19.8 from 1,864.35 to 2,232.72. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net asset value per Class A Redeemable Unit increased 57.7 from 1,451.82 to 2,290.21. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net asset value per Class D Redeemable Unit increased 57.7 from 1,151.27 to 1,816.10. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net asset value per Class Z Redeemable Unit increased 59.0 from 1,172.43 to 1,864.35. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net asset value per Class A Redeemable Unit increased 8.0 from 1,344.11 to 1,451.82. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net asset value per Class D Redeemable Unit increased 8.8 from 1,057.77 to 1,151.27. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net asset value per Class Z Redeemable Unit increased 9.7 from 1,069.04 to 1,172.43. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 34,296,988. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s/Funds trading of commodity futures in energy, grains, indices, livestock and softs and were partially offset by losses in currencies and metals. The net trading gain or loss for the Partnership is discussed under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . During the first quarter, the most notable gains were experienced during January, February, and March from long positions in natural gas futures as prices rallied to start the year on tight gas storage supplies and steady winter heating demand. Additional gains within the energies were experienced from long futures positions in crude oil and refined oil products as oil prices advanced in the lead up to Russia s invasion of Ukraine. Further gains in the energy markets were recorded from long futures positions in coal, carbon emission allowances, and electrical power. Within the soft commodities, gains were recorded during March from long positions in sugar, cotton, and cocoa futures as inflationary pressures pushed most commodity prices higher. The Partnership s overall trading gains for the first quarter were partially offset by small trading losses within the grains markets during March from short positions in wheat futures as prices spiked amid increasing demand for U.S. grain exports. Losses were recorded in the metals sector throughout the quarter from positions in both industrial and precious metals. Smaller losses were incurred within the livestock sector during January from short positions in lean hog futures as prices moved higher on increased demand from pork processors. During the second quarter, the Partnership s most notable gains were achieved during all three months of the quarter from long positions in natural gas futures as prices rallied on increasing global demand. Additional energy gains were recorded during April, May and June from long positions in global crude oil and its refined products. Within the grains sector, gains were recorded during April from long futures positions in wheat, soybeans, and corn as the continuation of the war between Russia and Ukraine threatened to curtail European grain exports. Further gains were achieved within the livestock markets during April, May, and June from short positions in lean hog futures as prices declined amid concern the reimplementation of COVID lockdown measures in China would limit export demand for U.S. pork. The Partnership s gains for the second quarter were partially offset by losses within the metals markets throughout the quarter from long positions in aluminum futures as prices fell on concerns a global recession would slow industrial demand growth. Smaller losses were experienced during April and June from currency hedge positions in the British pound. 
 26 

During the third quarter, the Partnership s most notable gains were achieved within the energy sector during July and August from long positions in U.S. and European natural gas futures as supply constraints and heavy demand from power production due to summer heatwaves in both regions boosted prices. In the soft commodities sector, gains were recorded primarily due to positions in cocoa futures during August and September as the Partnership s sub-advising managers successfully traded around both bullish and bearish price moves in the global cocoa markets. Additional gains were experienced within the grains primarily during July from long positions in corn and soybean oil futures. Gains were also achieved from short positions in lean hog futures throughout the quarter as prices declined on an outlook for weakening consumer demand due to inflation pushing commodity prices higher earlier in the year. A portion of the Partnership s gains for the third quarter was offset by losses incurred within the metals markets during July from long positions in silver futures as a strengthening U.S. dollar diminished demand for precious metals. Smaller losses were experienced during August and September from long British pound currency hedging positions as the value of pound declined versus the U.S. dollar. During the fourth quarter, the most notable profits were achieved within the energy complex from short positions in global natural gas futures as mild weather in the U.S. diminished demand and European governments announced potential price curbs on gas heading into the winter. Further gains were recorded from positions in oil s refined products, namely unleaded gasoline and heating oil. Gains within the soft commodity markets were experienced during November from long positions in cocoa futures as prices rose early in the month amid supply chain concerns in the West African growing regions. The Partnership s gains for the fourth quarter were partially offset by losses incurred within the metals markets during November and December from short positions in gold and silver futures as prices advanced on increasing investor demand for precious metals and a weakening U.S. dollar. Losses were also recorded during October from long positions in wheat and soybean futures as prices declined amid an outlook for easing inflationary pressures on commodity markets. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 63,677,137. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s/Funds trading of commodity futures in energy, grains, metals and softs and were partially offset by losses in currencies and livestock. During the first quarter of 2021, the most notable gains were experienced during February from long positions in U.S. electrical power futures as extreme cold weather severely impacted parts of the U.S., driving power futures prices dramatically higher. Additional gains in this sector were recorded during January and February from long positions in natural gas, crude oil, refined oil products, and carbon emissions allowance futures. Gains within the grains markets were achieved throughout the first quarter primarily from long positions in corn futures as strong consumer demand and supply constraints pushed prices higher. Within the metals markets, gains were recorded during February from long positions in copper futures as the outlook for global industrial growth boosted industrial metals prices. During February, further gains were achieved within the soft commodities from long positions in coffee futures as prices advanced amid reports of weaker-than-normal harvests in South America. The Partnership s overall trading gains for the first quarter were partially offset by small trading losses within the livestock markets from short positions in lean hog futures as an outlook for increased consumer demand moved pork prices higher throughout most of the quarter. During the second quarter of 2021, the most notable gains were achieved within the energy sector during April, May and June from long futures positions in crude oil, natural gas, and European carbon emissions as prices trended higher on an outlook for growing global energy demand. Within the metals sector, gains were recorded during April and May from long positions in gold and copper futures as prices advanced on a weakening U.S. dollar and diminishing global inventories. Additional gains were experienced from long positions in coffee futures during April and May as drought conditions threatened South American coffee harvests. The Partnership s gains for the second quarter were partially offset by losses within the livestock sector during May from short positions in lean hog futures as prices surged higher in anticipation of strong summer pork consumption demand. Within the grains markets, losses were recorded during April from short positions in wheat futures as prices rallied as industry reports indicated a decline in U.S. farm acreage dedicated to grain crops. During the third quarter of 2021, the most notable gains were achieved within the energy sector during July, August, and September from long positions in U.S. and European natural gas futures as growing global energy demand and constrictions in supply chains combined to push prices higher. Additional gains within the energies were experienced throughout the third quarter from long positions in coal and electrical power futures. Gains within the grains sector were recorded during July from short positions in corn futures as prices declined on signs of weakening demand for U.S. grain exports. Further gains were achieved during July from long positions in coffee futures and during August from long positions in cocoa futures as unexpectedly cold weather in key South American growing regions threatened crops. Within the metals complex, gains were experienced during August from long positions in aluminum futures as prices surged amid speculation political turmoil in West African production regions could disrupt supply chains. Gains were also recorded within the livestock markets during August from positions in lean hog futures. 
 27 

During the fourth quarter of 2021, the most notable profits were recorded within the energy complex during October, November and December from short positions in natural gas futures as prices trended lower amid a mild start to the winter weather season. Additional gains in the energies were recorded during November and December from long positions in European carbon emission futures as prices surged on an outlook for greater global actions to combat climate change. The Partnership s gains for the fourth quarter were partially offset by losses incurred within the grains sector during October, November, and December from short positions in corn futures as prices moved higher throughout the quarter as inflationary pressures boosted prices. Within the metals markets, losses were experienced during November from long positions in copper futures as prices declined as the emergence of a new COVID-19 variant spurred fears for the growth of the global economy. Additional losses were incurred within the soft commodities sector during October, November, and December from positions in coffee futures. The results of operations for the twelve months ended 2020 is discussed under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. Interest income on 100 of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s (or the Partnership s allocable portion of the Funds brokerage account during each month is earned at a rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. For the avoidance of doubt, the Partnership/Funds will not receive interest on amounts in the futures brokerage account that are committed to margin. Any interest earned on the Partnership s and/or the Funds account in excess of the amounts described above, if any, will be retained by MS Co. and/or shared with the General Partner. All interest income earned on U.S. Treasury bills and money market mutual fund securities will be retained by the Partnership and/or the Funds, as applicable. Interest income earned for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 1,196,751 and 2,010,627, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The increase in interest income was primarily due to higher interest rates during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Interest earned by the Partnership will increase the net asset value of the Partnership. The amount of interest income earned by the Partnership depends on (1) the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s and/or the applicable Funds accounts, (2) the amount of U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual fund securities held by the Partnership and/or the Funds and (3) interest rates over which none of the Partnership, the Funds or MS Co. has control. Certain clearing fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors for the Partnership/Funds. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the number of trades executed during the period. Clearing fees related to direct investments for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 64,097 and 219,052, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The decrease in these clearing fees was primarily due to a decrease in the number of direct trades made by the Partnership during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Ongoing selling agent fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted Net Assets of Class A Redeemable Units and Class D Redeemable Units as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be analyzed in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Ongoing selling agent fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 38,678 and 202,305, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The increase was due to higher average adjusted net assets during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. Management fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted Net Assets as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be analyzed in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Management fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 60,811 and 354,238, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. The increase was due to higher average net assets during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. General Partner fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted Net Assets as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be analyzed in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. General Partner fees for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 42,653 and 213,595, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. This increase was due to higher average net assets during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2021. 
 28 

Incentive fees are based on the Net Trading Profits (as defined in the respective management agreements between the Partnership, the General Partner and each Advisor) generated by each Advisor at the end of each quarter, half year or year, as applicable. Trading performance for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 resulted in incentive fees of 917,729 and 6,568,293, respectively. Trading performance for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2021 resulted in incentive fees of 1,305,166 and 11,419,401, respectively. To the extent an Advisor incurs a loss for the Partnership, the Advisor will not be paid incentive fees until such Advisor recovers any net loss incurred and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership. The Partnership pays professional fees, which generally include professional fees made up of legal and accounting expenses, as well as certain offering costs and filing, administrative, reporting and data processing fees. Professional fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 471,475 and 434,587, respectively. In the General Partner s/Trading Manager s opinion, the Partnership s Advisors continue to employ trading methods consistent with the objectives of the Partnership/Funds and expectations of the Advisors respective programs. The General Partner/Trading Manager monitors the Advisors performance on a daily, weekly, monthly and annual basis to assure that these objectives are met. Commodity markets are highly volatile. Broad price fluctuations and rapid inflation increase not only the risks involved in commodity trading, but also the possibility of profit. The profitability of the Partnership/Funds depends on the existence of major price trends and the ability of the Advisors to correctly identify those price trends. Price trends are influenced by, among other factors, changing supply and demand relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies, national and international political and economic events, changes in interest rates, pandemics, epidemics and other public health crises. To the extent that market trends exist and the Advisors are able to identify them, the Partnership/Funds expect to increase capital through operations. In allocating substantially all of the assets of the Partnership among the Advisors, the General Partner considers, among other factors, each Advisor s past performance, trading style, volatility of markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets to the Advisors and allocate assets to additional advisors at any time. Each Advisor s percentage allocation and trading program is described in the Overview section of this Item 7. (d) Off-balance Sheet Arrangements . None. (e) Contractual Obligations . None. (f) Operational Risk . The Partnership, directly or indirectly through its investment in the Funds, is directly exposed to market risk and credit risk, which arise in the normal course of its business activities. Slightly less direct, but of critical importance, are risks pertaining to operational and back office support. This is particularly the case in a rapidly changing and increasingly global environment with increasing transaction volumes and an expansion in the number and complexity of products in the marketplace. Such risks include: Operational/Settlement Risk the risk of financial and opportunity loss and legal liability attributable to operational problems, such as inaccurate pricing of transactions, untimely trade execution, clearance and/or settlement, or the inability to process large volumes of transactions. The Partnership/Funds are subject to increased risks with respect to their trading activities in emerging market instruments, where clearance, settlement, and custodial risks are often greater than in more established markets. Technological Risk the risk of loss attributable to technological limitations or hardware failure that constrain the Partnership s/Funds ability to gather, process, and communicate information efficiently and securely, without interruption, to customers, and in the markets where the Partnership and the Funds participate. Additionally, the General Partner s computer systems may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, mishandling or misuse, computer viruses or malware, cyber attacks and other events that could have a security impact on such systems. If one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardize a limited partner s personal, confidential, proprietary or other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, the General Partner s computer systems, and adversely affect the Partnership s business, financial condition or results of operations. Legal/Documentation Risk the risk of loss attributable to deficiencies in the documentation of transactions (such as trade confirmations) and customer relationships (such as master netting agreements) or errors that result in noncompliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
 29 

Financial Control Risk the risk of loss attributable to limitations in financial systems and controls. Strong financial systems and controls ensure that assets are safeguarded, that transactions are executed in accordance with the General Partner s authorization, and that financial information utilized by the General Partner and communicated to external parties, including the Partnership s Redeemable Unit holders, creditors and regulators, is free of material errors. (g) Critical Accounting Policies . The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates, and those differences could be material. A summary of the Partnership s significant accounting policies is described in Note 2 to the Partnership s financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . As of December 31, 2022, the Partnership s most significant accounting policy is the valuation of its investment in the Funds and in futures, option and forward contracts and U.S. Treasury bills, as applicable. The fair value of the investment in the Funds is determined based on the Partnership s (1) net contribution to the Funds and (2) its allocated share of the undistributed profits and losses, including realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses), of the Funds. The fair value of exchange-traded futures, option and forward contracts is determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign currency option contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as inputs the spot prices, interest rates, and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period. 
 30 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . Introduction The Partnership/Funds are speculative commodity pools. The market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership/Funds are acquired for speculative trading purposes, and all or substantially all of the Partnership s/Funds assets are subject to the risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive instruments is integral, not incidental, to the Partnership s/Funds main line of business. The limited partners will not be liable for losses exceeding the current net asset value of their investment. This limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under New York law. Market movements result in frequent changes in the fair value of the Partnership s/Funds open positions and, consequently, in their earnings and cash balances. The Partnership s/Funds market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors, including the level and volatility of interest rates, exchange rates, equity price levels, the market value of financial instruments and contracts, the diversification effects among the Partnership s/Funds open contracts and the liquidity of the markets in which they trade. The Partnership/Funds rapidly acquire and liquidate both long and short positions in a wide range of different markets. Consequently, it is not possible to predict how a particular future market scenario will affect performance, and the Partnership s/Funds past performance is not necessarily indicative of their future results. Value at Risk is a measure of the maximum amount which the Partnership/Funds could reasonably be expected to lose in a given market sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of the Partnership s/Funds speculative trading and the recurrence in the markets traded by the Partnership/Funds of market movements far exceeding expectations could result in actual trading or non-trading losses far beyond the indicated Value at Risk or the Partnership s/Funds experience to date (i.e., risk of ruin ). In light of the foregoing, as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to all future projections, the inclusion of the quantification in this section should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Partnership s/Funds losses in any market sector will be limited to Value at Risk or by the Partnership s/Funds attempts to manage their market risk. Materiality as used in this section is based on an assessment of reasonably possible market movements and the potential losses caused by such movements, taking into account the leverage, optionality and multiplier features of the Partnership s/Funds market sensitive instruments. Quantifying the Partnership s and the Funds Trading Value at Risk The following quantitative disclosures regarding the Partnership s/Funds market risk exposures contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor from civil liability provided for such statements by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). All quantitative disclosures in this section are deemed to be forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor except for statements of historical fact (such as the terms of particular contracts and the number of market risk sensitive instruments held during or at the end of the reporting period). The Partnership/Funds account for open positions on the basis of fair value accounting principles. Any loss in the market value of the Partnership s/Funds open positions is directly reflected in the Partnership s/Funds earnings and cash flow. The Partnership s/Funds risk exposure in the market sectors traded by the Advisors is estimated below in terms of Value at Risk. Please note that the Value at Risk model is used to numerically quantify market risk for historic reporting purposes only and is not utilized by either the General Partner or the Advisors in their daily risk management activities. Exchange margin requirements have been used by the Partnership/Funds as the measure of their Value at Risk. Margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum losses reasonably expected to be incurred in the fair value of any given contract in 95 -99 of any one-day interval. The margin levels are established by dealers and exchanges using historical price studies as well as an assessment of current market volatility (including the implied volatility of the options on a given futures contract) and economic fundamentals to provide a probabilistic estimate of the maximum expected near-term one-day price fluctuation. In the case of market sensitive instruments which are not exchange-traded (almost exclusively currencies in the case of the Partnership/Funds), the margin requirements for the equivalent futures positions have been used as Value at Risk. In those rare cases in which a futures-equivalent margin is not available, dealers margins have been used. 
 31 

The fair value of the Partnership s/Funds futures and forward positions does not have any optionality component. However, the Advisors may trade commodity options. The Value at Risk associated with options is reflected in the following table as the margin requirement attributable to the instrument underlying each option. Where this instrument is a futures contract, the futures margin has been used, and where this instrument is a physical commodity, the futures-equivalent margin has been used. This calculation is conservative in that it assumes that the fair value of an option will decline by the same amount as the fair value of the underlying instrument, whereas, in fact, the fair values of the options traded by the Partnership/Funds in almost all cases fluctuate to a lesser extent than those of the underlying instruments. In quantifying the Partnership s/Funds Value at Risk, 100 positive correlation in the different positions held in each market risk category has been assumed. Consequently, the margin requirements applicable to the open contracts have simply been added to determine each trading category s aggregate Value at Risk. The diversification effects resulting from the fact that the Partnership s/Funds positions are rarely, if ever, 100 positively correlated have not been reflected. The Partnership s and the Funds Trading Value at Risk in Different Market Sectors Value at Risk tables represent a probabilistic assessment of the risk of loss in market sensitive instruments. As of December 31, 2022, Northlander and Drakewood trade the Partnership s assets indirectly in master fund managed accounts established in the name of the master funds over which they have been granted limited authority to make trading decisions. EMC, Millburn and Ospraie directly trade managed accounts in the name of the Partnership. The first two trading Value at Risk tables reflect the market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership directly and through its investments in the Funds. The remaining trading Value at Risk tables reflect the market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership directly (i.e in the managed accounts in the Partnership s name traded by certain Advisors) and indirectly by each Fund separately. There have been no material changes in the trading Value at Risk information previously disclosed in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. The following table indicates the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s open positions by market category as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Partnership s total capitalization was 155,036,001. 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

Currencies 

340,400 

0.22 

Energy 

4,933,385 

3.18 

Grains 

1,807,775 

1.17 

Livestock 

123,668 

0.08 

Metals 

1,914,494 

1.23 

Softs 

1,331,326 

0.86 

Total 

10,451,048 

6.74 

The following table indicates the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s open positions by market category as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the Partnership s total capitalization was 127,910,424. 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

Currencies 

94,600 

0.08 

Energy 

6,985,797 

5.46 

Grains 

470,493 

0.37 

Livestock 

81,180 

0.06 

Metals 

910,596 

0.71 

Softs 

844,031 

0.66 

Total 

9,386,697 

7.34 

32 

The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s direct investments and indirect investments in the Funds as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the highest, lowest and average values during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as applicable. All open contracts trading risk exposures have been included in calculating the figures set forth below. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Partnership s Value at Risk for the portion of its assets that are traded directly was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Currencies 

277,754 

0.18 

650,375 

27,610 

225,543 

Energy 

3,630,315 

2.34 

21,935,256 

2,047,212 

7,218,635 

Grains 

1,807,775 

1.17 

2,726,092 

385,530 

1,284,208 

Livestock 

123,668 

0.08 

198,121 

28,270 

99,482 

Metals 

1,151,668 

0.74 

2,842,004 

645,208 

1,493,636 

Softs 

1,331,326 

0.86 

1,801,192 

439,965 

1,210,242 

Total 

8,322,506 

5.37 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. 

December 31, 2021 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Currencies 

94,600 

0.07 

122,815 

- 

34,894 

Energy 

5,371,868 

4.20 

7,462,084 

1,836,386 

3,525,980 

Grains 

470,493 

0.37 

1,842,907 

301,478 

946,454 

Livestock 

81,180 

0.06 

748,599 

32,615 

234,921 

Metals 

910,596 

0.71 

2,702,004 

357,295 

1,494,999 

Softs 

844,031 

0.66 

1,213,593 

266,446 

770,096 

Total 

7,772,768 

6.07 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. As of December 31, 2022, NL Master s total capitalization was 45,265,820, and the Partnership owned approximately 28.6 of NL Master. As of December 31, 2022, NL Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to NL Master for trading) was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Energy 

4,556,188 

10.07 

12,485,381 

2,176,917 

6,028,438 

Total 

4,556,188 

10.07 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. 
 33 

As of December 31, 2021, NL Master s total capitalization was 42,253,950, and the Partnership owned approximately 26.0 of NL Master. As of December 31, 2021, NL Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to NL Master for trading) was as follows: 

December 31, 2021 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Energy 

5,235,369 

12.39 

12,881,816 

670,621 

3,221,401 

Total 

5,235,369 

12.39 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. As of December 31, 2022, Drakewood Master s total capitalization was 43,497,389, and the Partnership owned approximately 31.8 of Drakewood Master. As of December 31, 2022, Drakewood Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Drakewood Master for trading) was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Currencies 

196,999 

0.45 

343,915 

- 

209,170 

Metals 

2,398,825 

5.51 

5,048,668 

36,300 

3,087,344 

Total 

2,595,824 

5.96 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. As of June 30, 2022, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment from GSL Master. As of December 31, 2021, GSL Master s total capitalization was 20,925,571, and the Partnership owned 100.0 of GSL Master. As of December 31, 2021, GSL Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to GSL Master for trading) was as follows: 

December 31, 2021 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Market Sector 
 
 Value at Risk 
 
 of Total Capitalization 

High Value at Risk 
 
 Low Value at Risk 
 
 Average Value at Risk 

Energy 

252,733 

1.21 

4,098,617 

- 

564,146 

Total 

252,733 

1.21 

Annual average of daily Values at Risk. 
 34 

Material Limitations on Value at Risk as an Assessment of Market Risk The face value of the market sector instruments held by the Partnership/Funds is typically many times the applicable margin requirement (margin requirements generally range between 1 and 15 of contract face value, although an exchange may increase margin requirements on short notice), as well as many times the capitalization of the Partnership/Funds. The magnitude of the Partnership s/Funds open positions creates a risk of ruin not typically found in most other investment vehicles. Because of the size of their positions, certain market conditions unusual, but historically recurring from time to time could cause the Partnership/Funds to incur severe losses over a short period of time. The foregoing Value at Risk tables as well as the past performance of the Partnership/Funds give no indication of this risk of ruin. Non-Trading Risk The Partnership/Funds have non-trading market risk on its foreign cash balances not needed for margin. These balances and any market risk they may represent are immaterial. A decline in short-term interest rates would result in a decline in the Partnership s/Funds cash management income. This cash flow risk is not considered to be material. Materiality, as used throughout this section, is based on an assessment of reasonably possible market movements and any associated potential losses, taking into account the leverage, optionality and multiplier features of the Partnership s/Funds market-sensitive instruments, in relation to the Partnership s/Funds net assets. Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Primary Trading Risk Exposures The following qualitative disclosures regarding the Partnership s/Funds market risk exposures except for (i) those disclosures that are statements of historical fact and (ii) the descriptions of how the Partnership/Funds manage their primary market risk exposures constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. The Partnership s/Funds primary market risk exposures as well as the strategies used and to be used by the General Partner and the Advisors for managing such exposures are subject to numerous uncertainties, contingencies and risks, any one of which could cause the actual results of the Partnership s/Funds risk controls to differ materially from the objectives of such strategies. Government interventions, pandemics, epidemics and other public health crises, defaults and expropriations, illiquid markets, the emergence of dominant fundamental factors, political upheavals, changes in historical price relationships, an influx of new market participants, increased regulation and many other factors could result in material losses as well as in material changes to the risk exposures and the management strategies of the Partnership/Funds. There can be no assurance that the Partnership s/Funds current market exposure and/or risk management strategies will not change materially or that any such strategies will be effective in either the short- or long- term. Investors must be prepared to lose all or substantially all of their investment in the Partnership. 
 35 

The following were the primary trading risk exposures of the Partnership at December 31, 2022, by market sector. It may be anticipated, however, that these market exposures will vary materially over time. Energy . The Partnership s primary energy market exposure is to price movements in natural gas, crude oil, and oil related products, often resulting from political developments in the Middle East, adverse weather conditions, and other factors contributing to supply and demand. Further energy market exposure is to the carbon emission, European and U.S. electric power, and coal markets which are subject to price movements driven by geopolitical events, climate related regulation, and supply and demand related factors. Energy prices can be volatile and substantial profits and losses, which have been experienced in the past, are expected to continue to be experienced in these markets in the future. Metals . The Partnership s primary metal market exposure as of December 31, 2022, was to fluctuations in the prices of nickel, copper, iron, aluminum, lead, zinc, gold, nickel, tin, palladium, and silver. Softs . The Partnership s trading risk exposure in soft commodities is primarily to agricultural-related price movements, which are often directly affected by severe or unexpected weather conditions. Cocoa, sugar, coffee, and cotton accounted for the majority of the Partnership s soft commodities exposure as of December 31, 2022. Grains . The Partnership s trading risk exposure in the grains is primarily to agricultural price movements, which are often directly affected by severe or unexpected weather conditions. The soybean complex, wheat, corn, and palm oil accounted for the majority of the Partnership s grain exposure as of December 31, 2022. Livestock . The Partnership s primary risk exposure in livestock is to fluctuations in cattle and hog prices. Currencies . The Partnership s currency exposure is to exchange rate fluctuations, primarily fluctuations that disrupt the historical pricing relationships between different currencies and currency pairs. These fluctuations are influenced by interest rate changes as well as political and general economic conditions. The Partnership s primary currency exposure as of December 31, 2022, is to the British pound as a result of the hedging of non-U.S. dollar denominated commodity positions. The General Partner does not anticipate that the risk profile of the Partnership s currency sector to be significant in the future. Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Non-Trading Risk Exposure The following was the only non-trading risk exposure of the Partnership/Funds as of December 31, 2022. Foreign Currency Balances . The Partnership/Funds may hold various foreign balances. The Advisors regularly convert foreign currency balances to U.S. dollars in an attempt to manage the Partnership s/Funds non-trading risk. Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Means of Managing Risk Exposure The General Partner/Trading Manager monitors and attempts to mitigate the Partnership s/Funds risk exposure on a daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems and, accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership/Funds may be subject. The General Partner/Trading Manager monitors the Partnership s/Funds performance and the concentration of open positions, and consults with the Advisors concerning the Partnership s/Funds overall risk profile. If the General Partner/Trading Manager felt it necessary to do so, the General Partner/Trading Manager could require an Advisor to close out positions as well as enter positions traded on behalf of the Partnership/Funds. However, any such intervention would be a highly unusual event. The General Partner/Trading Manager primarily relies on the Advisors own risk control policies while maintaining a general supervisory overview of the Partnership s/Funds market risk exposures. The Advisors apply their own risk management policies to their trading. The Advisors often follow diversification guidelines, margin limits and stop loss points to exit a position. The Advisors research of risk management often suggests ongoing modifications to their trading programs. As part of the General Partner s risk management, the General Partner periodically meets with the Advisors to discuss their risk management and to look for any material changes to the Advisors portfolio balance and trading techniques. The Advisors are required to notify the General Partner of any material changes to their programs. 
 36 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
. 

 CERES TACTICAL COMMODITY L.P. 

The following financial statements and related items of the Partnership are filed under this Item 8: Oath or Affirmation, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: ), for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021; Condensed Schedules of Investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021; Statements of Income and Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; Statements of Changes in Partners Capital for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; and Notes to Financial Statements. Additional financial information has been filed as Exhibits to this Form 10-K.

37 

To the Limited Partners of 

Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. 

To the best of the knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the information contained herein is accurate and complete. 

By:

Patrick T. Egan

President and Director

Ceres Managed Futures LLC

General Partner,

Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P.

Ceres Managed Futures LLC

522 Fifth Avenue

 New York, NY 10036

 (855) 672-4468

38 

Management s Report on Internal Control over 

Financial Reporting 

The management of Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. (the Partnership ), Ceres Managed Futures LLC, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and for our assessment of internal control over financial reporting. The Partnership s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Partnership s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(i) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership; 

(ii) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Partnership are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Partnership; and 

(iii) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 The management of Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. has assessed the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)

 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment, management concluded that the Partnership maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria referred to above. 

Patrick T. Egan

Brooke Lambert

President and Director

Chief Financial Officer

Ceres Managed Futures LLC

Ceres Managed Futures LLC

General Partner,

General Partner,

Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P.

Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P.

39 

Ernst Young LLP

200 Clarendon Street

 Boston, MA 02116

Tel: +1 617 266 2000

 Fax: +1 617 266 5843

 www.ey.com

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Partners of Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P., 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. (the Partnership ), including the condensed schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income and expenses, and changes in partners capital for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and changes in its partners capital for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

 Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Partnership is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to those charged with governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the auditor of the Partnership since 2017. 

 Boston, MA 

 March 17, 2023 

40 

Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. 

Statements of Financial Condition 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31,

December 31,

2022

2021

Assets:

Investment in Funds (1) 
, at fair value (Note 6)

Redemptions receivable from the Funds

Equity in trading account:

Unrestricted cash (Note 3c)

Restricted cash (Note 3c)

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Options purchased, at fair value (premiums paid and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)

Total equity in trading account

Interest receivable (Note 3c)

Total assets

Liabilities and Partners Capital:

Liabilities:

Options written, at fair value (premiums received and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)

Accrued expenses:

Ongoing selling agent fees (Note 3d)

Management fees (Note 3b)

General Partner fees (Note 3a)

Incentive fees (Note 3b)

Professional fees

Redemptions payable to General Partner (Note 7)

Redemptions payable to Limited Partners (Note 7)

Total liabilities

Partners Capital (Notes 1 and 7):

General Partner, Class Z, and Redeemable Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Limited Partners, Class A, and Redeemable Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Limited Partners, Class D, Redeemable Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021

Limited Partners, Class Z, and Redeemable Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Total partners capital (net asset value)

Total liabilities and partners capital

Net asset value per Redeemable Unit:

Class A

Class D

Class Z

(1)
 
 Defined in Note 1. 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

41 

Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. 

Condensed Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2022 

Number of 

 Contracts

Fair Value 

of Partners 

 Capital

Futures Contracts Purchased

Currencies

() 

) 

Energy

Grains

Livestock

Metals

() 

) 

Softs

Total futures contracts purchased

Futures Contracts Sold

Currencies

() 

) 

Energy

() 

) 

Grains

() 

) 

Livestock

() 

) 

Metals

() 

) 

Softs

Total futures contracts sold

() 

) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Unrealized Appreciation on Open Forward Contracts

Metals

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Unrealized Depreciation on Open Forward Contracts

Metals

() 

) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts

() 

) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Options Purchased

Calls

Metals

Puts

Livestock

Metals

Total options purchased (premiums paid 

Options Written

Calls

Grains

() 

) 

Metals

() 

) 

Puts

Energy

() 

) 

Grains

() 

) 

Metals

() 

) 

Total options written (premiums received 

() 

) 

Fair Value

of Partners Capital

Investment in the Funds

CMF NL Master Fund LLC

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC

Total investment in the Funds

Due to rounding. 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

42 

Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. 

Condensed Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2021 

Number of 

 Contracts

Fair Value 

of Partners Capital

Futures Contracts Purchased

Currencies

Energy

NATURAL GAS FUTR Feb 22 - Dec 24

NAT GAS LAST DAY Dec 22

GLOBEX NAT GAS LD Dec 23

Other

Grains

Indices

() 

) 

Livestock

Metals

Softs

Total futures contracts purchased

Futures Contracts Sold

Energy

NATURAL GAS FUTR Mar 22 - Mar 25

() 

) 

NAT GAS LAST DAY Mar 22 - Oct 22

() 

) 

GLOBEX NAT GAS LD Mar 24

() 

) 

Other

() 

) 

Grains

Indices

Livestock

() 

) 

Metals

() 

) 

Softs

() 

) 

Total futures contracts sold

() 

) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Unrealized Appreciation on Open Forward Contracts

Metals

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Unrealized Depreciation on Open Forward Contracts

Metals

() 

) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts

() 

) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Options Purchased

Calls

Energy

NAT GAS EUR OPT C, 3 - 4.25 , Feb 22 - Dec 25

Metals

Puts

Energy

Metals

Total options purchased (premiums paid 

Options Written

Calls

Energy

() 

) 

Metals

() 

) 

Puts

Energy

() 

) 

Metals

() 

) 

Softs

() 

) 

Total options written (premiums received 

() 

) 

Fair Value

of Partners 

 Capital

Investment in the Funds

CMF NL Master Fund LLC

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC

Total investment in the Funds

Due to rounding. 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

43 

Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. 

Statements of Income and Expenses 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Investment Income:

Interest income (Note 3c)

Interest income allocated from the Funds (Note 3c)

Total investment income

Expenses:

Expenses allocated from the Funds

Clearing fees related to direct investments (Note 3c)

Ongoing selling agent fees (Note 3d)

Management fees (Note 3b)

General Partner fees (Note 3a)

Incentive fees (Note 3b)

Professional fees

Total expenses

Net investment loss

() 

() 

() 

Trading Results:

Net gain (losses) on trading of commodity interests and investments in the Funds:

Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts

Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts allocated from the Funds

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts

() 

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts allocated from the Funds

Total trading results

Net income (loss)

Net income (loss) per Redeemable Unit (Note 8): 

Class A

Class D

Class Z

Weighted average Redeemable Units outstanding:

Class A

Class D

Class Z

Represents the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit.

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

44 

Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. 

Statements of Changes in Partners Capital 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Class A

Class D

Class Z

Total

Amount 

Redeemable 

 Units

Amount 

Redeemable 

 Units

Amount 

Redeemable 

 Units

Amount 

Redeemable 

 Units

Partners Capital, December 31, 2019

Subscriptions - Limited Partners

- 

- 

Redemptions - General Partner

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Redemptions - Limited Partners

() 

() 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Net income (loss)

- 

- 

- 

- 

Partners Capital, December 31, 2020

Subscriptions - Limited Partners

- 

- 

Redemptions - General Partner

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Redemptions - Limited Partners

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Net income (loss)

- 

- 

- 

- 

Partners Capital, December 31, 2021

Subscriptions - Limited Partners

- 

- 

Redemptions - General Partner

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Redemptions - Limited Partners

() 

() 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net income (loss)

- 

- 

- 

- 

Partners Capital, December 31, 2022

Net asset value per Redeemable Unit:

Class A 
 
 Class D 
 
 Class Z 
 
 2020: 

2021: 

2022: 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

45 

Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. 

Notes to Financial Statements 

redeemable units of limited partnership interest Redeemable Units ). The Partnership commenced trading on September 6, 2005. The Partnership privately and continuously offers Redeemable Units to qualified investors. There is no maximum number of Redeemable Units that may be sold by the Partnership. 

 Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acts as the general partner (the General Partner and commodity pool operator of the Partnership and is the trading manager (the Trading Manager of NL Master (as defined below) and Drakewood Master (as defined below). The General Partner was also the Trading Manager of GSL Master (as defined below) and Aquantum Master (as defined below) prior to GSL Master s and Aquantum Master s respective terminations. The General Partner is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Domestic Holdings, Inc. MSD Holdings ). MSD Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. 

 As of December 31, 2022, all trading decisions are made for the Partnership by Millburn Ridgefield Corporation Millburn ), Ospraie Management, LLC Ospraie ), Northlander Commodity Advisors LLP Northlander ), Drakewood Capital Management Limited Drakewood and EMC Capital Advisors, LLC EMC (each, an Advisor and, collectively, the Advisors ), each, a registered commodity trading advisor. On October 31, 2022, Pan Capital Management L.P. Pan ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. On June 30, 2022, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment from CMF GSL Master Fund LLC GSL Master ). Also effective June 30, 2022, Geosol Capital, LLC Geosol ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. On December 31, 2020, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in CMF Aquantum Master Fund LLC Aquantum Master ). Also effective on December 31, 2020, Aquantum GmbH Aquantum ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. Each Advisor is allocated a portion of the Partnership s assets to manage. The Partnership invests the portion of its assets allocated to each of the Advisors either directly, through individually managed accounts, or indirectly through its investment in the Funds. References herein to the Advisors may also include, as relevant, Geosol, Pan and Aquantum. 

 During the periods covered by this report, the Partnership s/Funds commodity broker was Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. ), a registered futures commission merchant. 

 The Partnership, CMF NL Master Fund LLC NL Master and CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC Drakewood Master have entered, and (prior to their respective terminations) GSL Master and Aquantum Master had entered, into futures brokerage account agreements with MS Co. NL Master and Drakewood Master are collectively referred to as the Funds. References herein to the Funds may also include, as relevant, GSL Master and Aquantum Master. 

As of June 13, 2018, the Partnership began offering three classes of limited partnership interests, Class A Redeemable Units, Class D Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units. All Redeemable Units issued prior to October 31, 2016 were deemed Class A Redeemable Units. Class Z Redeemable Units were first issued on January 1, 2017. The rights, liabilities, risks and fees associated with investment in the Class A Redeemable Units were not changed. Class D Redeemable Units were first issued July 1, 2018. The rights, liabilities, risks and fees associated with investment in the Class A Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units were not changed. Class A Redeemable Units, Class D Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units will each be referred to as a Class and collectively referred to as the Classes. Class A Redeemable Units are and Class D Redeemable Units were available to taxable U.S. individuals and institutions, U.S. tax exempt individuals and institutions and non-U.S.
 investors. Class Z Redeemable Units are offered to limited partners who receive advisory services from Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management) Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and may also be offered to certain employees of Morgan Stanley and/or its subsidiaries (and their family members). Class A Redeemable Units, Class D Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units are identical, except that Class A Redeemable Units and Class D Redeemable Units are subject to a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to 1/12 of (a 0.75 annual rate) of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units and Class D Redeemable Units, respectively, as of the end of each month, whereas Class Z Redeemable Units are not subject to a monthly ongoing selling agent fee. For the period from July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, Class A Redeemable Units were subject to a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to 1/12 of (a 1.00 annual rate) of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units as of the end of each month. Prior to July 1, 2020, Class A Redeemable units were subject to a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to 1/12 of (a annual rate) of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units as of the end of each month. Effective January 1, 2021, the Partnership ceased offering Class D Redeemable Units. 
 Millburn and Ospraie directly trade the Partnership s assets allocated to each Advisor through managed accounts in the name of the Partnership pursuant to Millburn s Commodity Program and Ospraie s Commodity Program, respectively. As of September 1, 2022, EMC directly trades the Partnership s assets allocated to EMC through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to EMC s Commodity Program. 

 The Partnership will be liquidated upon the first to occur of the following: ; the net asset value per Redeemable Unit decreases to less than as of a close of any business day; or under certain other circumstances as set forth in the limited partnership agreement of the Partnership, as may be amended or restated from time to time (the Limited Partnership Agreement ). In addition, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, cause the Partnership to dissolve if the Partnership s aggregate net assets decline to less than . 

 The General Partner has delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. The cost of retaining the Administrator is allocated among the pools operated by the General Partner, including the Partnership. 

(cost of and (cost of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

significant uncertain tax positions that would require recognition in the financial statements. The Partnership files U.S. federal and various state and local tax returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The 2019 through 2022 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. 

per year) of month-end
 net assets of the Partnership. Month-end
 net assets, for the purpose of calculating the General Partner fee are Net Assets, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current month s management fee, incentive fee accrual, the General Partner fee and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. The General Partner fee is allocated proportionally to each Class based on the net asset value of the respective Class. This fee may be increased or decreased at the discretion of the General Partner. 

b. 
 Management Agreement: 

The General Partner, on behalf of the Partnership, entered into management agreements (each, a Management Agreement with the Advisors. The Advisors are not affiliated with one another, are not affiliated with the General Partner or MS Co. and are not responsible for the organization or operation of the Partnership. The Partnership pays Millburn a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.0 per year) of month-end
 Net Assets allocated to Millburn. Prior to January 1, 2021, the Partnership paid Millburn a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 2.0 per year) of month-end
 Net Assets allocated to Millburn. The Partnership pays Ospraie a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.5 per year) of month-end
 Net Assets allocated to Ospraie. The Partnership pays Northlander a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.25 per year) of month-end
 Net Assets allocated to Northlander. The Partnership pays Drakewood a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.5 per year) of month-end
 Net Assets allocated to Drakewood. The Partnership pays EMC a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 0.60 per year) of month-end
 Net Assets allocated to EMC. Prior to its termination on October 31, 2022, Pan was paid a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.25 per year) of month-end
 Net Assets allocated to Pan. Prior to its termination on June 30, 2022, Geosol was paid a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.0 per year) of month-end
 Net Assets allocated to Geosol. Prior to its termination on December 31, 2020, Aquantum was paid a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.25 per year) of month-end
 Net Assets allocated to Aquantum. Month-end
 Net Assets, for the purpose of calculating management fees are Net Assets, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current month s management fee, incentive fee accrual, the General Partner fee and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. An Advisor s management fee is allocated proportionally to each Class based on the net asset value of the respective Class. 

In addition, the Partnership is obligated to pay each Advisor an incentive fee. The Partnership pays Ospraie, Northlander, Drakewood and EMC each an incentive fee, payable annually, equal to of New Trading Profits, as defined in each Management Agreement, earned by the relevant Advisor for the Partnership during each calendar year. The Partnership pays Millburn an incentive fee, payable annually, equal to of New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement, earned by Millburn for the Partnership during the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2021, Millburn was eligible to receive an incentive fee, payable annually, equal to of New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement. Prior to its termination on October 31, 2022, Pan was eligible to receive a quarterly incentive fee equal to of New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement, earned by Pan for the Partnership each quarter. Prior to its termination on June 30, 2022, Geosol was eligible to receive an incentive fee, payable annually, equal to of New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement, earned by Geosol for the Partnership each calendar year. Prior to its termination on December 31, 2020, Aquantum was eligible to receive a semi-annual incentive fee of of New Trading Profits, as defined in the Management Agreement, earned by Aquantum for the Partnership each calendar half-year. An Advisor s incentive fee is allocated proportionally to each Class based on the net asset value of the respective Class. To the extent an Advisor incurs a loss for the Partnership, the Advisor will not be paid an incentive fee until the Advisor recovers the net loss incurred and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership. Each Management Agreement can be terminated upon notice by either party. 

 In allocating substantially all of the assets of the Partnership among the Advisors, the General Partner considers, among other factors, the Advisors past performance, trading style, volatility of markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets among the Advisors and may allocate assets to additional advisors at any time. 

c. 
 Customer Agreement: 

The Partnership has entered into a customer agreement with MS Co. (the Partnership Customer Agreement ). Under the Partnership Customer Agreement, the Partnership pays trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, the execution of transactions, as well as exchange, user, give-up,
 floor brokerage and National Futures Association fees (collectively, the clearing fees directly and indirectly through its investment in the Funds. Clearing fees are allocated to the Partnership based on its proportionate share of each Fund. Clearing fees are also borne directly by the Partnership for its direct trading. Clearing fees will be paid for the life of the Partnership, although the rate at which such fees are paid may be changed. All of the Partnership s assets available for trading in commodity interests not held in the Funds accounts at MS Co. are deposited in the Partnership s accounts at MS Co. The Partnership s cash deposited by MS Co. is held in segregated bank accounts to the extent required by Commodity Futures Trading Commission regulations. The Partnership s restricted cash is equal to the cash portion of assets on deposit to meet margin requirements, as determined by the exchange or counterparty, and required by MS Co. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of cash held for margin requirements was and , respectively. Cash that is not classified as restricted cash is therefore classified as unrestricted cash. MS Co. has agreed to pay the Partnership interest on of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s (or the Partnership s allocable portion of the Funds brokerage account at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week
 U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. The Partnership Customer Agreement may generally be terminated upon notice by either party. 

d. 
 Selling Agreement: 

The Partnership has entered into a selling agreement (the Selling Agreement with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management. Pursuant to the Selling Agreement, the Partnership pays Morgan Stanley Wealth Management a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to per year of the adjusted month-end
 net assets of Class A Redeemable Units and Class D Redeemable Units, respectively. For the period from July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the Partnership paid Morgan Stanley Wealth Management a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to per year of the adjusted month-end
 net assets of Class A Redeemable Units. Prior to July 1, 2020, the Partnership paid Morgan Stanley Wealth Management a monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to per year of month-end
 net assets of Class A Redeemable Units. The ongoing selling agent fee received by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is shared with the properly registered or exempted financial advisors of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management who have sold Class A and Class D Redeemable Units in the Partnership. Class Z Redeemable Units are not subject to a monthly ongoing selling agent fee. Month-end
 Net Assets, for the purpose of calculating ongoing selling agent fees are Net Assets, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current month s ongoing selling agent fee, management fee, incentive fee accrual, the General Partner fee and other expenses and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month. 
 and , respectively. The monthly average number of metals forward contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. The monthly average number of option contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

 Trading and transaction fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors and the Partnership s respective percentage ownership of each Fund. 

 All clearing fees paid to MS Co. are borne directly by the Partnership for its direct trading. In addition, clearing fees are borne by the Funds for indirect trading and allocated to the Funds members, including the Partnership. 

() 

- 

- 

Forwards

() 

- 

- 

Total assets

() 

- 

- 

Liabilities

Futures

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Forwards

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total liabilities

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net fair value

Gross

 Amounts Recognized

Gross Amounts Offset in the Statements of Financial

 Condition

Amounts

 Presented in the Statements of Financial

 Condition

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition

December 31, 2021

Financial

 Instruments

Cash Collateral Received/

 Pledged 

Net Amount

Assets

Futures

() 

- 

- 

Forwards

() 

- 

- 

Total assets

() 

- 

- 

Liabilities

Futures

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Forwards

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total liabilities

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net fair value

In the event of default by the Partnership, MS Co., the Partnership s commodity futures broker and the sole counterparty to the Partnership s non-exchange-traded
 contracts, as applicable, has the right to offset the Partnership s obligation with the Partnership s cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co., thereby minimizing MS Co. s risk of loss. In certain instances, MS Co. may not post collateral and as such, in the event of default by MS Co., the Partnership is exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of exchange-traded contracts, the Partnership s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee funds may be available in the event of a default. In some instances, the actual collateral received and/or pledged may be more than the amount shown due to overcollateralization. 

Grains

Livestock

Metals

Softs

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Liabilities

Futures Contracts

Currencies

() 

Energy

() 

Grains

() 

Livestock

() 

Metals

() 

Softs

() 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts

() 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Assets

Forward Contracts

Metals

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Liabilities

Forward Contracts

Metals

() 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts

() 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Assets

Options Purchased

Livestock

Metals

Total options purchased

Liabilities

Options Written

Energy

() 

Grains

() 

Metals

() 

Total options written

() 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

 This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

 This amount is in Options purchased, at fair value in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

 This amount is in Options written, at fair value in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

December 31,

 2021

Assets

Futures Contracts

Currencies

Energy

Grains

Indices

Livestock

Metals

Softs

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Liabilities

Futures Contracts

Currencies

() 

Energy

() 

Grains

() 

Indices

() 

Livestock

() 

Metals

() 

Softs

() 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts

() 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts

Assets

Forward Contracts

Metals

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Liabilities

Forward Contracts

Metals

() 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts

() 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts

Assets

Options Purchased

Energy

Metals

Total options purchased

Liabilities

Options Written

Energy

() 

Metals

() 

Softs

() 

Total options written

() 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

 This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

 This amount is in Options purchased, at fair value in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

 This amount is in Options written, at fair value in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

() 

Energy

Grains

Indices

() 

Livestock

() 

() 

Metals

() 

() 

Softs

Total

This amount is included in Total trading results in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 

- 

- 

Forwards

- 

- 

Options purchased

- 

- 

Total assets

- 

Liabilities

Futures

- 

- 

Forwards

- 

- 

Options written

- 

- 

Total liabilities

- 

December 31, 2021

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Assets

Futures

- 

- 

Forwards

- 

- 

Options purchased

- 

- 

Total assets

- 

Liabilities

Futures

- 

- 

Forwards

- 

- 

Options written

- 

- 

Total liabilities

- 

The Investment in the Funds measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient is not required to be included in the fair value hierarchy. Please refer to the Condensed Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On November 1, 2020, the Partnership allocated a portion of its assets to GSL Master, a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. GSL Master permitted accounts managed by Geosol using Geosol s U.S. Power and Natural Gas Program, a proprietary, discretionary trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. On June 30, 2022, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment from GSL Master. 

 On December 1, 2018, the Partnership allocated a portion of its assets to Aquantum, which were managed and traded directly by Aquantum pursuant to Aquantum s Commodity Spread Program through a trading account in the Partnership s name from December 1, 2018 until May 31, 2019. Effective June 1, 2019, the assets allocated to Aquantum were transferred into Aquantum Master, a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware, through which they were managed and traded by Aquantum pursuant to the same strategy. Effective December 31, 2020, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in Aquantum Master. 

 The General Partner is not aware of any material changes to the trading programs discussed above or in Note 1, Organization during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 The Partnership s/Funds trading of futures, forward, swap and option contracts, if applicable, on commodities is done primarily on U.S. commodity exchanges and foreign commodity exchanges. The Partnership/Funds engage in such trading through commodity brokerage accounts maintained with MS Co. 

 Generally, a member in the Funds withdraws all or part of its capital contribution and undistributed profits, if any, from the Funds as of the end of any month (the Redemption Date after a request has been made to the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the Redemption Date. Such withdrawals are classified as a liability when the member elects to redeem and informs the Funds. However, a member may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal date. 

 Management fees, General Partner fees, ongoing selling agent fees and incentive fees are charged at the Partnership level. All clearing fees paid to MS Co. are borne directly by the Partnership for its direct trading. In addition, clearing fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Funds members, including the Partnership. Professional fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Partnership, and also charged directly at the Partnership level. 

 At December 31, 2022, the Partnership owned approximately of NL Master and of Drakewood Master. At December 31, 2021, the Partnership owned approximately of NL Master and of GSL Master. It is the Partnership s intention to continue to invest in the Funds. The performance of the Partnership is directly affected by the performance of the Funds. Expenses to investors as a result of the investment in the Funds are approximately the same as they would be if the Partnership traded directly and redemption rights are not affected. 

Drakewood Master

December 31, 2021

Total Assets

Total Liabilities

Total Capital

GSL Master

NL Master

NL Master

Drakewood Master (a) 

() 

() 

For the year ended December 31, 2021

Net Investment Income (Loss)

Total Trading Results

Net Income (Loss)

GSL Master

() 

NL Master

() 

(a)
 
 From May 1, 2022, commencement of operations for Drakewood Master, through December 31, 2022. 

NL Master

Drakewood Master (a) 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021

For the year ended December 31, 2021

of Partners Capital

Expenses

Net

 Income

 (Loss)

Funds

Fair

 Value

Income

 (Loss)

Clearing

 Fees

Professional

 Fees

Investment

 Objective

Redemptions Permitted

GSL Master

NL Master

(a)
 
 The Partnership first invested into Drakewood Master on May 1, 2022. 

fee charged to limited partners in connection with redemptions. 

59 

Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Net investment loss

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) for the period/year

Net asset value per Redeemable Unit, beginning of period/year

Net asset value per Redeemable Unit, end of period/year

2022

2021

2020

Class A

Class D

Class Z

Class A

Class D

Class Z

Class A

Class D

Class Z 

Ratios to Average Limited Partners Capital:

Net investment loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Operating expenses

Incentive fees

Total expenses

Total return:

Total return before incentive fees

Incentive fees

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total return after incentive fees

Net investment loss per Redeemable Unit is calculated by dividing the interest income less total expenses by the average number of Redeemable Units outstanding during the period/year. The net realized and unrealized gains (losses) per Redeemable Unit is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit with the other per unit information. 

For the period from February 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020. 

Interest income less total expenses. 

Annualized (except for incentive fees) and for the period from February 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020. 

The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the year. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the limited partner Classes using the limited partners share of income, expenses and average partners capital of the Partnership and include the income and expenses allocated from the Funds. 

60 

Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. 

Notes to Financial Statements 

As both a buyer and seller of options, the Partnership/Funds pay or receive a premium at the outset and then bear the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. Written options expose the Partnership/Funds to potentially unlimited liability; for purchased options, the risk of loss is limited to the premiums paid. Certain written put options permit cash settlement and do not require the option holder to own the reference asset. The Partnership/Funds do not consider these contracts to be guarantees. 

 Futures-style options

. The Partnership and the Funds may trade futures-style option contracts. Unlike traditional option contracts, the premiums for futures-style option contracts are not received or paid upon the onset of the trade. The premiums are recognized and received or paid as part of the sales price when the contract is closed. Similar to a futures contract, variation margin for the futures-style option contract may be made or received by the Partnership/Funds each business day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Partnership/Funds. Transactions in futures-style option contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation margin deposits, through the futures broker, directly with the exchange on which the contracts are traded. Futures-style option contracts are presented as part of Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts or Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts, as applicable, in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on futures-style option contracts are included in the Partnership s/Funds Statements of Income and Expenses. 
 Market risk is the potential for changes in the value of the financial instruments traded by the Partnership/Funds due to market changes, including interest and foreign exchange rate movements and fluctuations in commodity or security prices. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the related underlying assets are traded. The Partnership and the Funds are exposed to market risk equal to the value of the futures and forward contracts held and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short. 

 Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of a contract. The Partnership s/Funds risk of loss in the event of counterparty default is typically limited to the amounts recognized in the Statements of Financial Condition and is not represented by the contract or notional amounts of the instruments. The Partnership s/Funds risk of loss is reduced through the use of legally enforceable master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the Partnership/Funds to offset unrealized gains and losses and other assets and liabilities with such counterparties upon the occurrence of certain events. The Partnership/Funds have credit risk and concentration risk, as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate are counterparties or brokers with respect to the Partnership s/Funds assets. Credit risk with respect to exchange-traded instruments is reduced to the extent that, through MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate, the Partnership s/Funds counterparty is an exchange or clearing organization. 

 The General Partner/Trading Manager monitors and attempts to mitigate the Partnership s/Funds risk exposure on a daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems and, accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership/Funds may be subject. These monitoring systems generally allow the General Partner/Trading Manager to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk-adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provide account analysis of futures, forward and option contracts by sector, margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions. 

 The majority of these financial instruments mature within of the inception date. However, due to the nature of the Partnership s/Funds business, these instruments may not be held to maturity. 

 The risk to the limited partners that have purchased Redeemable Units is limited to the amount of their share of the Partnership s net assets and undistributed profits. The limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under New York law. 

In the ordinary course of business, the Partnership/Funds enter into contracts and agreements that contain various representations and warranties and which provide general indemnifications. The Partnership s/Funds maximum exposure under these arrangements cannot be determined, as this could include future claims that have not yet been made against the Partnership/Funds. The General Partner/Trading Manager considers the risk of any future obligation relating to these indemnifications to be remote. 

 Since its discovery in December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19,
 has spread from China to many other countries, including the United States. The outbreak has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary has declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. 
 The COVID-19
 pandemic and related voluntary and government-imposed social and business restrictions has impacted global economic conditions and adversely affected various industries (including, but not limited to, transportation, hospitality and entertainment), resulting in volatility in the global financial markets, disruption in global supply chains, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place

 directives and increased remote work protocols. If the pandemic continues to be prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, including actions to facilitate the comprehensive distribution of effective vaccines, the adverse impact on the global economy will deepen. 
 Given the continuing development of this situation, it is not possible to accurately predict how the market disruptions caused by COVID-19
 will further impact the U.S and other world economies or the value of the Partnership s/Funds investments, or for how long the effects of such events will continue. Nevertheless, the novel coronavirus continues to present material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Partnership s/Funds investments and operations. 
 On February 22, 2022, the United States and several European nations announced sanctions against Russia in response to Russia s mobilization of forces and threat of invasion of the Ukraine, and governments around the world imposed, and may in the future impose, additional sanctions on Russia in response to its continued escalation of this conflict. On February 24, 2022, Russian President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned
 forces into the Ukraine. The conflict has created volatility in the price of various commodities and may have a negative impact on business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the Partnership s/Funds investments. Furthermore, uncertainties regarding the conflict between the two nations and the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries preclude prediction as to the ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Partnership/Funds and the performance of their investments or operations, and the ability of the Partnership to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that investors, service providers and/or other third parties have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have their operations disrupted and/or suffer adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. 

Total expenses

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total trading results

Net income (loss)

Increase (decrease) in net asset value per Redeemable Unit:

Class A

Class D

Class Z

For the period from 

 October 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021

For the period from 

 July 1, 2021 to September 30, 2021

For the period from 

 April 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021

For the period from 

 January 1, 2021 to March 31, 2021

Total investment income

Total expenses

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total trading results

Net income (loss)

Increase (decrease) in net asset value per Redeemable Unit:

Class A

Class D

Class Z

64 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . The Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership on the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods expected in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership in the reports it files is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and Chief Financial Officer CFO of the General Partner, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure and appropriate SEC filings. The General Partner is responsible for ensuring that there is an adequate and effective process for establishing, maintaining and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures for the Partnership s external disclosures. The General Partner s President and CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022, and, based on that evaluation, the General Partner s President and CFO have concluded that at that date the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. The Partnership s internal control over financial reporting is a process under the supervision of the General Partner s President and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These controls include policies and procedures that: pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership; provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and (ii) the Partnership s receipts are handled and expenditures are made only pursuant to authorizations of the General Partner; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. The report included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . includes the General Partner s report on internal control over financial reporting Management s Report ). There were no changes in the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting process during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information . Certain impacts to public health conditions particular to the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak that occurred after December 31, 2021 could impact the operations and financial performance of the Partnership s investments subsequent to December 31, 2022. The extent of the impact to the financial performance of the Partnership s investments will depend on future developments, including (i) the duration and spread of the outbreak, (ii) the restrictions and advisories, (iii) the effects on the financial markets, and (iv) the effects on the economy overall, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the financial performance of the Partnership s investments is impacted because of these factors for an extended period, the Partnership s performance may be adversely affected. On February 1, 2023, the Partnership allocated a portion of its assets to Opus Futures, LLC Opus ). Opus directly trades the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership pursuant to Opus s Advanced Ag Program. 
 65 

PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . The Partnership has no directors or executive officers and its affairs are managed by its General Partner. Investment decisions are made by the Advisors. The directors and executive officers of the General Partner are Patrick T. Egan (President and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the General Partner), Brooke Lambert (Chief Financial Officer), Steven Ross (Director), Victoria Eckstein (Director) and Tatiana Segal (Director). Each director holds office until the earlier of his or her death, resignation or removal. Vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by either (i) the majority vote of the remaining directors or (ii) MSD Holdings, as the sole member of the General Partner. The officers of the General Partner are designated by the General Partner s board of directors. Each officer will hold office until his or her successor is designated and qualified or until his or her death, resignation or removal. Directors of the General Partner are responsible for overall corporate governance of the General Partner and meet periodically to consider strategic decisions regarding the General Partner s activities. Under CFTC rules, each Director of the General Partner is deemed to be a principal of the General Partner and, as a result, is listed as such with NFA. Patrick T. Egan and Steven Ross serve on the General Partner s Investment Committee and are the trading principals responsible for allocation decisions (or supervising those responsible). Patrick T. Egan , age 54, has been a Director of the General Partner since December 2010. Since December 2010, Mr. Egan has been a principal and registered as an associated person of the General Partner, and is an associate member of NFA. Since October 2014, Mr. Egan has served as President and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the General Partner. Since August 2013, Mr. Egan has been registered as a swap associated person of the General Partner. From September 2013 to May 2014, Mr. Egan served as a Vice President of Morgan Stanley Strategies LLC, formerly known as Morgan Stanley GWM Feeder Strategies LLC, which acts as a general partner to multiple alternative investment entities, and Morgan Stanley AI GP LLC, formerly known as Morgan Stanley HedgePremier GP LLC, which acts as a general partner and administrative agent to numerous hedge fund feeder funds. From September 2013 to May 2014, Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person and listed as a principal of each such entity. Since January 2013, each such entity has been registered as a commodity pool operator with the CFTC. Mr. Egan was responsible for overseeing the implementation of certain CFTC and NFA regulatory requirements applicable to such entities. From June 2009 to December 2014, Mr. Egan was employed by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, a financial services firm, where his responsibilities included serving as Executive Director and as Co-Chief Investment Officer for Morgan Stanley Managed Futures from June 2009 through June 2011 and as Chief Risk Officer for Morgan Stanley Managed Futures from June 2011 through October 2014. Since October 2014, Mr. Egan has been responsible for the day-to-day operations and management of Morgan Stanley Managed Futures. Since January 2015, Mr. Egan has been employed by the General Partner. From November 2010 to October 2014, Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. From April 2007 through June 2009, Mr. Egan was employed by MS Co., a financial services firm, where his responsibilities included serving as Head of Due Diligence and Manager Research for Morgan Stanley s Managed Futures Department. From April 2007 through June 2009, Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person of MS Co. From March 1993 through April 2007, Mr. Egan was employed by Morgan Stanley DW Inc., a financial services firm, where his initial responsibilities included serving as an analyst and manager within the Managed Futures Department (with primary responsibilities for product development, due diligence, investment analysis and risk management of the firm s commodity pools) and later included serving as Head of Due Diligence and Manager Research for Morgan Stanley s Managed Futures Department. From February 1998 through April 2007, Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person of Morgan Stanley DW Inc. From August 1991 through March 1993, Mr. Egan was employed by Dean Witter Intercapital, the asset management arm of Dean Witter Reynolds, Inc., where his responsibilities included serving as a mutual fund administration associate. Mr. Egan also served as a Director from November 2004 through October 2006, and from November 2006 through October 2008 of the Managed Funds Association s Board of Directors, a position he was elected to by industry peers for two consecutive two-year terms. Mr. Egan earned his Bachelor of Business Administration degree with a concentration in Finance in May 1991 from the University of Notre Dame. 
 66 

Brooke Lambert , age 39, has been the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and a principal of the General Partner since May 2022. Ms. Lambert has been employed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management, a financial services firm, since July 2014, where her responsibilities include serving as a Vice President and managing the accounting, financial reporting and regulatory reporting of the commodity pools operated by the General Partner. From July 2009 to July 2014, Ms. Lambert was employed by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, a financial services firm, where her responsibilities included serving as a Vice President responsible for the accounting, financial reporting and regulatory reporting of the commodity pools operated by the General Partner. Before joining Morgan Stanley, Ms. Lambert was employed by Citigroup Alternative Investments, a financial services firm, from January 2006 through July 2009, where her responsibilities included serving as an Assistant Vice President responsible for the accounting, financial reporting and regulatory reporting of Citigroup Alternative Investments managed futures funds. Ms. Lambert earned her Bachelor of Science in Finance in May 2005 from Towson University. Steven Ross , age 51, has been a principal of the General Partner since July 2014 and a Director of the General Partner since February 2016. Mr. Ross has been employed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management, a financial services firm, since September 2005, where his responsibilities include serving as an Assistant Treasurer of Morgan Stanley with respect to certain investment vehicles publicly offered by Morgan Stanley. Mr. Ross is also an Executive Director of the Morgan Stanley Fund Administration Group where he is responsible for finance and accounting matters for certain private funds offered by Morgan Stanley. Before joining Morgan Stanley Investment Management, Mr. Ross was employed by JPMorgan Investor Services Co., a financial services firm, from December 1997 through September 2005, where his responsibilities included serving as a Vice President responsible for the accounting of certain funds sponsored by JPMorgan Chase Co. and other large fund families serviced by JPMorgan Investor Services Co. From April 1997 to December 1997, Mr. Ross was employed by Investors Bank Trust, a financial services firm, where his responsibilities included performing mutual fund accounting for financial services firms. Mr. Ross began his career at Putnam Investments LLC, a financial services firm, where he was responsible for providing broker services for certain funds sponsored by Putnam Investments LLC from August 1996 to April 1997. Mr. Ross received a B.S. in Accounting from Rhode Island College in May 1995. Victoria Eckstein , age 41, has been a Director of the General Partner since June 30, 2022, and a principal of the General Partner since July 14, 2022. Since November 2022, Ms. Eckstein has served as Chief Operating Officer of Calvert Research and Management, an investment management company focused on responsible investments. Since December 2020, Ms. Eckstein has served as a Managing Director of Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. MSIM ), and from December 2020 to November 2022 served as Chief Operating Officer of the Solutions Multi-Asset Group at MSIM, a collection of business units offering alpha-centric, multi-asset or multi-manager investment solutions. From December 2016 to December 2020, Ms. Eckstein served as an Executive Director of MSIM and from April 2010 to December 2016, Ms. Eckstein served as a Vice President of MSIM. From April 2010 to December 2020, Ms. Eckstein primarily managed the day-to-day non-investment functions of the Portfolio Solutions Group, a business unit offering multi-asset, multi-manager managed portfolios. From January 2007 to April 2010, Ms. Eckstein was employed by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, a financial services firm, where her responsibilities included trade execution, portfolio analysis, external manager selection and research coverage. Ms. Eckstein received her Juris Doctorate from the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in 2006 and her Bachelor of Arts, magna cum laude, from Brandeis University in 2003. 
 67 

Tatiana Segal , age 54, has been a Director of the General Partner since June 30, 2022, and a principal of the General Partner since July 1, 2022. She has also been a principal of MSIM since October 31, 2019. Ms. Segal joined MSIM as a Managing Director and Head of Risk Management in August 2019. She is responsible for risk management across MSIM business units and risk categories, including investment, operational, and franchise risk, and is a member of the Investment Management Operating Committee and a chair of the Investment Management Risk Committee. In June 2022, in addition to her original role, Tatiana was appointed as Global Head of Non-Financial Risk for Investment Management to manage existing and emergent non-financial risks across the division. She has since been appointed a member of Morgan Stanley s NFR Steering Committee and Enterprise Controls Committee. From August 2011 to August 2019, Tatiana was a partner and Head of Risk Management at SkyBridge Capital Management, a global alternative investments firm, where she was also a member of the Manager Selection, Portfolio Allocation and Real Estate Investment Committees. Prior to joining SkyBridge in August 2011, she was a Managing Director and Chief Risk Officer at Cerberus Capital Management, LLC from January 2009 through July 2011. Before joining Cerberus, Ms. Segal was Managing Director and Chief Risk Officer for Diamond Lake Investment Group from February 2008 through September 2008. From May 2006 through January 2008, Ms. Segal was a Senior Risk Manager at Citigroup Alternative Investments, where she was responsible for independent risk oversight of a multi-billion hedge fund and fund of funds portfolio. From October 2000 through April 2006, Ms. Segal was a Director of Market Risk at Nomura Securities, Inc. Prior to joining Nomura Securities, she was Risk Manager at BNP Paribas from January 1999 through October 2000 and a Risk Manager at Goldman, Sachs Co., Ltd. from October 1995 through January 1999. Ms. Segal started her career at BlackRock Financial Management, Inc. from January 1993 through September 1995, as a portfolio analyst within BlackRock s Institutional Accounts Division. Ms. Segal graduated from Columbia University in January 1993 with a Bachelor s Degree in Economics. Ms. Segal is a Co-Chair of Risk Peer Advisory Group NY for 100 Women in Finance, as well as a contributing member of the council of The Directors and Chief Risk Officers. She serves as a board member of the Tenement Museum. The Partnership has not adopted a code of ethics that applies to officers because it has no officers. In addition, the Partnership has not adopted any procedures by which investors may recommend nominees to the Partnership s board of directors and has not established an audit committee because it has no board of directors. Item 11. Executive Compensation . The Partnership has no directors or executive officers. As a limited partnership, the business of the Partnership is managed by the General Partner, which is responsible for the administration of the business affairs of the Partnership. As of January 1, 2019, the Partnership pays the General Partner a monthly General Partner fee equal to an annual rate of 0.75 (paid monthly) of the Partnership s adjusted month-end net assets. Prior to January 1, 2019, the Partnership paid the General Partner a monthly General Partner fee equal to an annual rate of 1.0 (paid monthly) of the Partnership s adjusted month-end net assets. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . (a) Security ownership of certain beneficial owners . As of February 28, 2023, the Partnership knows of no persons who beneficially own more than 5 of the Redeemable Units outstanding. (b) Security ownership of management . Under the terms of the Limited Partnership Agreement, the Partnership s affairs are managed by the General Partner. The following table indicates securities owned by the General Partner as of December 31, 2022: 

(1) Title of Class 
 
 (2) Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 (3) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 (4) Percent of Class 

Class Z Redeemable Units 
 
 General Partner 
 
 736.9210 
 
 40.3 
 (c) Changes in control . None. 
 68 

Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence . (a) Transactions with related persons. None. (b) Review, approval or ratification of transactions with related persons. Not applicable. (c) Promoters and certain control persons . MS Co., Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and the General Partner could be considered promoters for purposes of item 404(c) of Regulation S-K. The nature and the amounts of compensation each promoter received or will receive, if any, from the Partnership are set forth under Item 1. Business . , Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . and Item 11. Executive Compensation . Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services . (1) Audit Fees . The aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by Ernst Young LLP EY for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the audits of the Partnership s annual financial statements, reviews of financial statements included in the Partnership s Forms 10-Q and 10-K and other services normally provided in connection with regulatory filings or engagements were: 

2022 149,976 
 
 2021 140,977 
 (2) Audit-Related Fees . None. (3) Tax Fees . The Partnership did not pay EY any amounts in 2022 and 2021 for professional services in connection with tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. (4) All Other Fees . None. (5) Not Applicable. (6) Not Applicable. 
 69 

PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules . (1) Financial Statements: Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Condensed Schedules of Investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Statements of Income and Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Statements of Changes in Partners Capital for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Notes to Financial Statements. (2) Exhibits: 

3.1(a) 
 
 Certificate of Limited Partnership dated April 15, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on April 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated September 21, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(a) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on April 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(c) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated September 19, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(c) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(d) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated September 28, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(e) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated June 29, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(e) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(f) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated September 2, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(g) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated January 28, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(h) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated August 7, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(h) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(i) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated February 28, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.2(a) 
 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.2(b) 
 
 Amendment Number 1 to the Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, effective June 13, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1(a) 
 
 Amended and Restated Commodity Futures Customer Agreement between the Partnership and MS Co., effective September 4, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 
 
 U.S. Treasury Securities Purchase Authorization Agreement between the Partnership and MS Co., effective June 1, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.2 (a) 
 
 Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, effective March 3, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement between the Partnership, the General Partner and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, effective as of June 23, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.3 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 70 

10.4(a) 
 
 Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Aventis Asset Management LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Aventis Asset Management, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Management Agreement dated as of January 1, 2021, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and Millburn Ridgefield Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.6 
 
 Management Agreement dated as of October 13, 2017, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and Ospraie Management, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.7 
 
 Management Agreement dated as of January 1, 2018, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and Harbour Square Capital Management LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.8 
 
 Management Agreement dated as of December 1, 2018, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and Aquantum GmbH (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.9 
 
 Management Agreement dated as of January 1, 2019, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and Pan Capital Management, LP (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.10(a) 
 
 Escrow Agreement among the General Partner, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and The Bank of New York (filed as Exhibit 10.7(a) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

(b) 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to Escrow Agreement among the General Partner, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and The Bank of New York (filed as Exhibit 10.7(b) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.11 
 
 Management Agreement dated as of April 1, 2019, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and Northlander Commodity Advisors LLP (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.12 
 
 Management Agreement dated as of October 13, 2020, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and Geosol Capital, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K on November 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.13 
 
 Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Drakewood Capital Management Limited, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K on May 1, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 

11.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Master Services Agreement, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and SS C Technologies, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

99.1 
 
 Financial Statements of CMF GSL Master Fund LLC. 

99.2 
 
 Financial Statements of CMF NL Master Fund LLC. 

99.3 
 
 Financial Statements of CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC. 

The exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are incorporated herein by reference: 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (Certification of President and Director) (filed herewith). 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (Certification of Chief Financial Officer) (filed herewith). 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification (Certification of President and Director) (filed herewith). 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification (Certification of Chief Financial Officer) (filed herewith). 
 
 71 

101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104.Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 72 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CERES TACTICAL COMMODITY L.P. 

By: 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC (General Partner) 

By: 
 
 /s/ Patrick T. Egan 

Patrick T. Egan 

President Director 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

/s/ Patrick T. Egan 
 
 /s/ Brooke Lambert 
 
 /s/ Steven Ross 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 
 
 Brooke Lambert 
 
 Steven Ross 
 
 President and Director 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Director 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Victoria Eckstein 
 
 /s/ Tatiana Segal 

Victoria Eckstein 
 
 Tatiana Segal 

Director 
 
 Director 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 Date: March 24, 2023 

Supplemental Information to be Furnished With Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Annual Report to limited partners. No proxy material has been sent to limited partners. 
 73 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d445764dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION I, Patrick
T. Egan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ceres Tactical
Commodity L.P.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Patrick T. Egan 

Patrick T. Egan 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

President and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d445764dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION I, Brooke
Lambert, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ceres Tactical
Commodity L.P.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Brooke Lambert 

Brooke Lambert 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d445764dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Patrick T. Egan, President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/ Patrick T. Egan 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 President and Director 

Date: March 24, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d445764dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brooke Lambert, Chief Financial Officer of Ceres Managed Futures LLC,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership. 

/s/ Brooke Lambert 
 
 Brooke Lambert 
 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 24, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 d445764dex991.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99.1 

Exhibit 99.1 
 To the Non-Managing Member of 
 CMF GSL Master Fund LLC 
 To the best of the knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the information contained herein is accurate and complete. 

By: 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 

President and Director 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

Trading Manager, 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 522 Fifth Avenue 
 
 New York, NY 10036 
 
 (855) 672-4468 

Ernst Young LLP 
 200 Clarendon Street Boston, MA 02116 

Tel: +1 617 266 2000 
 Fax: +1 617 266 5843 
 www.ey.com 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Managing Member of CMF GSL Master Fund LLC (Trading Company in Liquidation), 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements We have
audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of CMF GSL Master Fund LLC (Trading Company in Liquidation) (the Trading Company as of June 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, including the condensed schedule of
investments as of December 31, 2021, the related statements of income and expenses, and changes in members capital for the period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 (termination of operations), the year ended December 31, 2021 and the
period from November 1, 2020 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Trading Company at June 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and changes in its members capital for the period ended June 30, 2022 (termination of operations), the
year ended December 31, 2021 and the period from November 1, 2020 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2020, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Trading Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Trading Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Trading Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing
standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Trading Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Trading Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned
as of December 31, 2021, by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Liquidation Basis of Accounting 
 As described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Managing Member of the Trading Company has decided to liquidate the Trading Company and
the Trading Company determined liquidation is imminent. As a result, the Trading Company changed its basis of accounting from the going concern basis to the liquidation basis. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 
 Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to those charged with governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the auditor of the
Trading Company since 2017. Boston, MA 
 September 23, 2022 
 
 A member firm of Ernst Young Global Limited 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC 
 Statements of Financial Condition 
 June 30, 2022 (Termination of Operations) (Liquidation Basis) 
 and December 31, 2021 

June 30, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets: 

Equity in trading account: 

Unrestricted cash (Note 2e) 

23,855,072 

26,986,078 

Restricted cash (Note 2e) 

- 

222,483 

Options purchased, at fair value (premiums paid 0 and 24,125 at June 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
respectively) 

- 

1,775 

Total equity in trading account 

23,855,072 

27,210,336 

Total assets 

23,855,072 

27,210,336 

Liabilities and Members Capital: 

Liabilities: 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

- 

108,913 

Options written, at fair value (premiums received 0 and 132,500 at June 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
respectively) 

- 

32,025 

Accrued expenses: 

Professional fees 

53,700 

33,607 

Redemptions payable (Note 8c) 

- 

6,110,220 

Liquidation redemptions payable (Note 11) 

23,801,372 

- 

Total liabilities 

23,855,072 

6,284,765 

Members Capital: 

Managing Member 

- 

- 

Non-Managing Member 

- 

20,925,571 

Total Members capital (net asset value) 

- 

20,925,571 

Total liabilities and Members capital 

23,855,072 

27,210,336 

Presented on a liquidation basis of accounting. 
 See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC 
 Condensed Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 

Number of 

of Members 

Contracts 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Capital 

Futures Contracts Purchased 

Energy 

522 

(301,598) 

(1.44) 

Total futures contracts purchased 

(301,598) 

(1.44) 

Futures Contracts Sold 

Energy 

429 

192,685 

0.92 

Total futures contracts sold 

192,685 

0.92 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(108,913) 

(0.52) 

Options Purchased 

Calls 

Energy 

50 

1,775 

0.01 

Total options purchased (premiums paid 24,125) 

1,775 

0.01 

Options Written 

Calls 

Energy 

300 

(32,025) 

(0.15) 

Total options written (premiums received 132,500) 

(32,025) 

(0.15) 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC 
 Statements of Income and Expenses 
 For the Period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 (Termination of Operations) (Liquidation Basis), 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 and Period from November 1, 2020 (Commencement of Operations) to 
 December 31, 2020 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Investment Income: 

Interest income 

32,922 

8,803 

1,785 

Expenses: 

Brokerage, clearing and transaction fees (Note 2h) 

29,730 

120,487 

15,660 

Professional fees 

52,804 

69,083 

30,000 

Total expenses 

82,534 

189,570 

45,660 

Net investment income (loss) 

(49,612) 

(180,767) 

(43,875) 

Trading Results: 

Net gains (losses) on trading of commodity interests: 

Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts 

3,191,098 

31,826,666 

(519,239) 
 
 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts 

30,788 

(73,328) 

42,540 

Total trading results 

3,221,886 

31,753,338 

(476,699) 

Net income (loss) 

3,172,274 

31,572,571 

(520,574) 

Presented on a liquidation basis of accounting. 
 See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC 
 Statements of Changes in Members Capital 
 For the Period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 (Termination of Operations) (Liquidation Basis), 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 and Period from November 1, 2020 (Commencement of Operations) to 
 December 31, 2020 

Managing Member 
 
 Non-Managing Member 
 
 Total 

Members Capital, November 1, 2020 

- 

- 

- 

Capital contributions - Non-Managing Member 

- 

15,000,000 

15,000,000 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Member 

- 

(71,513) 

(71,513) 
 
 Distribution of interest income to feeder fund 

- 

(1,785) 

(1,785) 
 
 Net income (loss) 

- 

(520,574) 

(520,574) 

Members Capital, December 31, 2020 

- 

14,406,128 

14,406,128 

Capital contributions - Non-Managing Member 

- 

1,955,839 

1,955,839 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Member 

- 

(27,000,164) 

(27,000,164) 
 
 Distribution of interest income to feeder fund 

- 

(8,803) 

(8,803) 
 
 Net income (loss) 

- 

31,572,571 

31,572,571 

Members Capital, December 31, 2021 

- 

20,925,571 

20,925,571 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Member 

- 

(24,064,923) 

(24,064,923) 
 
 Distribution of interest income to feeder fund 

- 

(32,922) 

(32,922) 
 
 Net income (loss) 

- 

3,172,274 

3,172,274 

Members Capital, June 30, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC (Trading Company in Liquidation) 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Liquidation Basis) 

1. 
 Organization: 
 CMF GSL Master Fund LLC (the Trading Company was formed on September 21, 2020, as a Delaware limited
liability company under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act ), to engage in the speculative trading of commodities, domestic and foreign futures contracts, forward contracts, foreign exchange commitments, options on
physical commodities and on futures contracts, spot (cash) commodities and currencies, exchange of futures contracts for physicals transactions, exchange of physicals for futures contracts transactions, and any rights pertaining thereto
(collectively, Futures Interests (refer to Note 4, Financial Instruments ). Prior to the Trading Company s termination, the Trading Manager (as defined below) was also permitted to invest up to all of the Trading
Company s assets in United States U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. The Trading Company commenced operations on November 1,
2020. On June 14, 2022, the Trading Manager terminated the management agreement by and among the Advisor (as defined
below), the Trading Company and the Trading Manager effective as of the close of business on June 30, 2022. As a result, the Trading Company terminated operations on June 30, 2022 and the Trading Company changed its basis of accounting
from going concern basis to a liquidation basis. Liquidation basis accounting requires the Trading Company to record assets and liabilities at the values expected to be received or paid in liquidation. The Trading Company was liquidated in
accordance with the terms of its operating agreement. Ceres Managed Futures LLC Ceres , the Managing
Member or the Trading Manager acted as the trading manager and the managing member of the Trading Company. Ceres is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Domestic Holdings, Inc. MSD Holdings ). MSD Holdings is
ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. 
 Prior to the Trading Company s termination of operations effective June 30, 2022, Ceres had retained Geosol Capital
LLC Geosol or the Advisor ), an unaffiliated commodity trading advisor registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), to trade Futures Interests on behalf of the Trading Company. Each member
(each investor in the Trading Company, a Member invested its assets in the Trading Company, which allocated substantially all of its assets in the trading program of Geosol, which made investment decisions for the Trading Company. Ceres
Tactical Commodity L.P. Tactical Commodity (a New York limited partnership) was the sole non-managing Member of the Trading Company as of December 31, 2021. On June 30, 2022, Tactical
Commodity fully withdrew as a Member of the Trading Company. The clearing commodity broker for the Trading Company was
Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. ). MS Co. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. 
 The Trading Manager had delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnished certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time
to time. In addition, the Administrator maintained certain books and records of the Trading Company. 

2. 
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: 

a. 
 Use of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires the Trading Manager to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates, and those differences could be material. 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC (Trading Company in Liquidation) 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Liquidation Basis) 
 The financial statements of the Trading Company as of and for the period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022
(termination of operations) were prepared using the liquidation basis of accounting. The liquidation basis of accounting requires the Trading Company to record assets and liabilities at the values expected to be received or paid in liquidation. The
change in basis of accounting from the going concern basis to the liquidation basis did not have a material effect on the Trading Company s carrying value of assets and liabilities or its results of operations. All carrying values are expected
to be realized by the Trading Company during liquidation. The liquidation basis of accounting also requires the financial statements to include a statement of net assets or a statement of changes in net assets available to members. The Statements of
Changes in Members Capital (included herein) present the same information and thus the financial statements include a statement of net assets available to Members for the period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 (termination of
operations). 

b. 
 Statement of Cash Flows. The Trading Company did not provide a Statement of Cash Flows, as permitted
by Accounting Standards Codification ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows. The Statements of Changes in Members Capital are included herein. As of June 30, 2022 (termination of operations) and for the period
from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 (termination of operations), for the year ended December 31, 2021 and for the period from November 1, 2020 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2020, the Trading Company carried
no debt and all of the Trading Company s investments were carried at fair value and classified as Level 1 or Level 2 measurements. 

c. 
 Trading Company s Investments. All Futures Interests held by the Trading Company, including
derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments, were held for trading purposes. The Futures Interests were recorded on trade date and open contracts were recorded at fair value (as described in Note 6, Fair Value
Measurements at the measurement date. Gains or losses were realized when contracts were liquidated and were determined using the first-in, first-out method.
Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts were included as a component of equity in trading account in the Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized gains or losses were included in the
Statements of Income and Expenses. 

d. 
 Foreign Currency Transactions and Translation. The Trading Company s functional currency was the
U.S. dollar; however, the Trading Company may have transacted business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar were translated into U.S. dollars at the rate in effect at
the date of the Statements of Financial Condition. Income and expense items denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar were translated into U.S. dollars at the rate in effect during the period. The effects of changes in foreign currency
exchange rates on investments were not segregated in the Statements of Income and Expenses from the changes in market price of those investments, but were included in net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts and net change in unrealized gains
(losses) on open contracts in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 

e. 
 Restricted and Unrestricted Cash. The cash held by the Trading Company available for trading in
Futures Interests was on deposit in a commodity brokerage account with MS Co. The Trading Company s restricted cash was equal to the cash portion of assets on deposit to meet margin requirements, as determined by the exchange or
counterparty, and required by MS Co. There was no cash held for margin requirements at June 30, 2022 (termination of operations). At December 31, 2021 the amount of cash held for margin requirements was 222,483. 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC (Trading Company in Liquidation) 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Liquidation Basis) 

f. 
 Income Taxes. Income taxes were not recorded as each Member was individually liable for the taxes, if
any, on its share of the Trading Company s income and expenses. The Trading Company followed the guidance of ASC 740, Income Taxes, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attributable for financial statement
recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Trading Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are
 more-likely-than-not of being sustained when challenged or when examined by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions determined not to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold would have been recorded as a tax benefit or liability in the Statements of Financial Condition for the current year. If a tax position did not meet the minimum statutory threshold to
avoid the incurring of penalties, an expense for the amount of the statutory penalty and interest, if applicable, would have been recognized in the Trading Company s Statements of Income and Expenses in the years in which the position was
claimed or expected to be claimed. The Trading Manager concluded that there were no significant uncertain tax positions that required recognition in the financial statements. The Trading Company filed U.S. federal and various state and local tax
returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. All periods since inception remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. 

g. 
 Investment Company Status. The Trading Company was deemed to be an investment company since
inception. Accordingly, the Trading Company followed the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Accounting Standards Update 2013-08, Financial Services Investment Companies
(Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements and reflected its investments at fair value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and
Expenses. 

h. 
 Brokerage, Clearing and Transaction Fees. The Trading Company accrued and paid brokerage, clearing
and transaction fees to MS Co. Brokerage fees were paid as they were incurred on a half-turn basis at 100 of the rates that MS Co. charges retail commodity customers and parties that are not clearinghouse members. In addition, the Trading
Company paid transaction and clearing fees as they were incurred. 

i. 
 Equity in Trading Account. The Trading Company s asset Equity in trading account, 
reflected in the Statements of Financial Condition, consisted of (a) cash on deposit in the commodity brokerage account with MS Co., a portion of which was used as margin for trading, (b) net unrealized appreciation on open futures
contracts, if any, which were at fair value and calculated as the difference between the original contract value and fair value, as applicable, (c) options purchased at fair value, as applicable and (d) U.S. Treasury bills, at fair value,
if any. The Trading Company, in its normal course of business, entered into various contracts with
MS Co. acting as its commodity broker. Pursuant to the brokerage agreement with MS Co., to the extent that such trading resulted in unrealized gains or losses, these amounts were offset for the Trading Company and were reported on a net
basis in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC (Trading Company in Liquidation) 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Liquidation Basis) 

3. 
 Advisor: 
 Ceres had retained Geosol to make all trading decisions for the Trading Company prior to Geosol s termination effective
June 30, 2022. Fees were paid to Geosol directly by the Members in accordance with the compensation provisions of
the relevant management agreements between each Member and Geosol. 

4. 
 Financial Instruments: 
 The Advisor traded Futures Interests on behalf of the Trading Company. Futures represent contracts for delayed delivery of an
investment at a specified date and price. The fair value of an exchange-traded contract was based on the settlement price quoted by the exchange on the day with respect to which fair value was being determined. If an exchange-traded contract could
not have been liquidated on such day due to the operation of daily limits or other rules of the exchange, the settlement price was equal to the settlement price on the first subsequent day on which the contract could be liquidated. Futures Interests
were fair valued as discussed in Note 6, Fair Value Measurements. The Trading Company s contracts were
accounted for on a trade-date basis. Gains or losses were realized when contracts were liquidated and were determined using the first-in, first-out method. 

5. 
 Trading Activities: 
 The Trading Company s objective was to profit from speculative trading in Futures Interests. Therefore, the Advisor for
the Trading Company took speculative positions in Futures Interests where it felt the best profit opportunities existed for its trading strategy. As such, the average number of contracts outstanding in absolute quantity (the total of the open long
and open short positions) has been presented as a part of the volume disclosure, as position direction is not an indicative factor in such volume disclosures. 
 Prior to the Trading Company s termination as of June 30, 2022, none of the Trading Company s contracts were
traded over-the-counter. All of the
Futures Interests owned by the Trading Company were held for trading purposes. The monthly average number of futures contracts traded during the period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 (termination of operations) and for the year
ended December 31, 2021 were 942 and 1,932, respectively. The monthly average number of option contracts traded during the period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 (termination of operations) and for the year ended
December 31, 2021 was 1,490 and 784, respectively. There were no open positions as of June 30, 2022
(termination of operations). 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC (Trading Company in Liquidation) 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Liquidation Basis) 
 The following table summarizes the gross and net amounts recognized relating to the assets and liabilities of the Trading
Company s derivative instruments and transactions eligible for offset subject to master netting agreements or similar agreements as of December 31, 2021. 

Gross Amounts 

Amounts 

Offset in the 

Presented in the 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the 

Statements of 

Statements of 

Statements of Financial Condition 

Gross Amounts 

Financial 

Financial 

Financial 

Cash Collateral 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Recognized 

Condition 

Condition 

Instruments 

Received/Pledged 

Net Amount 

Assets 

Futures 

306,360 

(306,360) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total assets 

306,360 

(306,360) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Liabilities 

Futures 

(415,273) 

306,360 

(108,913) 

- 

108,913 

- 

Total liabilities 

(415,273) 

306,360 

(108,913) 

- 

108,913 

- 

Net fair value 

- 

In the event of default by the Trading Company, MS Co., the Trading Company s commodity futures
broker and a counterparty to certain of the Trading Company s non-exchange-traded contracts, as applicable, had the right to offset the Trading Company s obligation with the Trading Company s
cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co., thereby minimizing MS Co. s risk of loss. In certain instances, a counterparty may not have posted collateral and as such, in the event of default by such counterparty, the Trading Company
would have been exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of exchange-traded contracts, the Trading Company s exposure to counterparty risk may have been reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse
interposes its credit between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee funds may have been available in the event of a default. In some instances, the actual collateral received and/or pledged may have been more than the amount shown
due to overcollateralization. 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC (Trading Company in Liquidation) 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Liquidation Basis) 
 The following table indicates the Trading Company s gross fair values of derivative instruments of futures and option
contracts, as applicable, as separate assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Futures Contracts 

Energy 

306,360 

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

306,360 

Liabilities 

Futures Contracts 

Energy 

(415,273) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(415,273) 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(108,913) 

Assets 

Options Purchased 

Energy 

1,775 

Total options purchased 

1,775 

Liabilities 

Options Written 

Energy 

(32,025) 

Total options written 

(32,025) 

This amount is in Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements of
Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Options purchased, at fair value in the Statements of Financial Condition.

This amount is in Options written, at fair value in the Statements of Financial Condition.
 The following table indicates the trading gains and losses, by market sector, on derivative instruments
for the period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 (termination of operations), the year ended December 31, 2021 and for the period from November 1, 2020 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2020, respectively.

Sector 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Energy 

3,221,886 

31,664,486 

(476,699) 

Indices 

- 

88,852 

- 

Total 

3,221,886 

31,753,338 

(476,699) 

This amount is in Total trading results in the Statements of Income and Expenses.

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC (Trading Company in Liquidation) 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Liquidation Basis) 

6. 
 Fair Value Measurements: 
 Fair value is defined as the value that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the
lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to
the fair value measurement in its entirety. The fair value of exchange-traded futures, forward and option contracts was
determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts was extrapolated on a forward
basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign currency option
contracts was calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as input the spot prices, interest rates and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.)
on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills were valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period. 
 The Trading Company considered prices for commodity futures, swap and option contracts to be based on unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded forward, swap and certain option contracts for which market quotations were not readily
available were priced by pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). As of June 30, 2022 (termination of operations) and December 31, 2021, for the period from January 1,
2022 to June 30, 2022 (termination of operations) and for the year ended December 31, 2021, the Trading Company did not hold any derivative instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the
Trading Manager s assumptions and internal valuation pricing models (Level 3). There were no open positions as of
June 30, 2022 (termination of operations). 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets 

Futures 

306,360 

306,360 

- 

- 

Options purchased 

1,775 

1,775 

- 

- 

Total assets 

308,135 

308,135 

- 

- 

Liabilities 

Futures 

415,273 

415,273 

- 

- 

Options written 

32,025 

32,025 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

447,298 

447,298 

- 

- 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC (Trading Company in Liquidation) 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Liquidation Basis) 

7. 
 Financial Instrument Risk: 
 The Members investments in the Trading Company exposed the Members to various types of risks that were associated with
Futures Interests trading and markets in which the Trading Company invested. The significant types of financial risks which the Trading Company was exposed to were market risk, liquidity risk, counterparty credit risk and changes in interest rates.
 The rapid fluctuations in the market prices of Futures Interests in which the Trading Company invested and changes in
interest rates made the Members investments volatile. If Geosol incorrectly predicted the direction of prices in the Futures Interests in which it invested, large losses could have occurred. 
 Illiquidity in the markets in which the Trading Company invested may have caused less favorable trade prices. Although Geosol
generally purchased and sold actively traded contracts where last trade price information and quoted prices were readily available, the prices at which a sale or purchase occurred may have differed from the prices expected because there may have
been a delay between receiving a quote and executing a trade, particularly in circumstances where a market had limited trading volume and prices were often quoted for relatively limited quantities. 
 The credit risk on Futures Interests arises from the potential inability of counterparties to perform under the terms of the
contracts. The Trading Company had credit risk and concentration risk, as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate were counterparties or brokers with respect to the Trading Company s assets. The Trading Company s exposure to credit risk
associated with counterparty nonperformance was typically limited to the cash deposits with, or other form of collateral held by, the counterparty. The Trading Company s assets deposited with MS Co. or its affiliates were segregated or
secured in accordance with the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations of the CFTC and were expected to be largely held in non-interest bearing bank accounts at a U.S. bank or banks, but may have also been
invested in any other instruments approved by the CFTC for investment of customer funds. Exchange-traded futures, exchange-traded forward and exchange-traded futures-styled option contracts were marked to market on a daily basis, with variations in
value settled on a daily basis. With respect to the Trading Company s non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts and forward currency option contracts, there were no daily settlements of variation in
value, nor was there any requirement that an amount equal to the net unrealized gains (losses) on such contracts be segregated. However, the Trading Company was required to meet margin requirements with the counterparty, which was accomplished by
daily maintenance of the cash balance in a custody account and U.S. Treasury bills held at MS Co. With respect to those non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts, the Trading Company was at risk to
the ability of MS Co., the counterparty on such contracts, to perform. The Trading Company had a netting agreement with the counterparty. These agreements, which sought to reduce both the Trading Company s and the counterparty s
exposure on non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts, were intended to materially decrease the Trading Company s credit risk in the event of MS Co. s bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Trading Company entered into contracts and agreements that contained various
representations and warranties and which provided general indemnifications. The Trading Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements cannot be determined, as this could include future claims that have not yet been made against the
Trading Company. The Trading Manager considers the risk of any future obligation relating to these indemnifications to be remote. 
 Since its discovery in December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19, has spread from China to many other countries, including the United States. The outbreak has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary has
declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC (Trading Company in Liquidation) 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Liquidation Basis) 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related voluntary and government-imposed social and business
restrictions has impacted global economic conditions and adversely affected various industries (including, but not limited to, transportation, hospitality and entertainment), resulting in volatility in the global financial markets, disruption in
global supply chains, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place directives and
increased remote work protocols. Given the continuing development of this situation, it is not possible to accurately
predict how the market disruptions caused by COVID-19 will further impact the U.S and other world economies, or for how long the effects of such events will continue. Nevertheless, the novel coronavirus
presented material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Trading Company s investments and operations. On
February 22, 2022, the United States and several European nations announced sanctions against Russia in response to Russia s mobilization of forces and threat of invasion of the Ukraine, and governments around the world imposed, and may in
the future impose, additional sanctions on Russia in response to its continued escalation of this conflict. On February 24, 2022, Russian President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s
 pre-positioned forces into the Ukraine. The conflict has created volatility in the price of various commodities and may have had a negative impact on business activity globally, and therefore may have
adversely affected the performance of the Trading Company s investments. Furthermore, uncertainties regarding the conflict between the two nations and the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries preclude prediction as
to the ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presented material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Trading Company and the performance of its investments or operations, and the ability of the Trading
Company to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that investors, service providers and/or other third parties have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have had their operations disrupted and/or
suffered adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. 

8. 
 Members Capital: 

a. 
 Members Capital . The Members Capital of the Trading Company is equal to the total assets
of the Trading Company (including, but not limited to, all cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury bills, at fair value, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, options purchased, at fair value and other assets) less all liabilities
(including, but not limited to, net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts, options written, at fair value, accrued professional fees and redemptions), determined in accordance with GAAP. 

b. 
 Capital Contributions . Capital contributions by the Members could have been made monthly pending
Ceres approval. Such capital contributions increased each contributing Member s pro-rata share of the Trading Company s Members Capital. 

c. 
 Capital Withdrawals . Generally, each Member could have withdrawn all or a portion of its capital
contributions and undistributed profits, if any, from the Trading Company as of the end of any month (the Redemption Date after a request for redemption had been made to the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the
Redemption Date. However, a Member also had the right to request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request was received by the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal day. 

d. 
 Distributions . Distributions, other than capital withdrawals, were made on a pro-rata basis at the sole discretion of Ceres. Aside from the final distribution described in Note 11, Liquidation of the Trading Company, no distributions have been made to date. Prior to liquidation,
Ceres did not intend to make any distributions of the Trading Company s profits, except for distribution of interest income to feeder fund, as applicable. 

CMF GSL Master Fund LLC (Trading Company in Liquidation) 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Liquidation Basis) 

9. 
 Financial Highlights: 
 Financial highlights for the non-managing Member as a whole for the period from
January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 (termination of operations), the year ended December 31, 2021 and for the period from November 1, 2020 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2020 are as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Ratios to Average Members Capital: 

Net investment loss 

(0.4) 

(0.7) 

(1.8) 

Operating expenses 

0.7 

0.7 

1.9 

Total return 

15.2 

207.5 

(3.5) 

Annualized, except for total return. 

Calculated using pre-liquidation members capital and
annualized, except for total return. 

Interest income less total expenses. 
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the
period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 (termination of operations), the year ended December 31, 2021 and for the period from November 1, 2020 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2020. Additionally, these
ratios are calculated for the non-managing Member s share of income, expenses and average Members capital. 

10. 
 Subsequent Events: 
 The Trading Manager evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before and up until financial statements are
available to be issued. The Trading Manager has assessed the subsequent events through September 23, 2022, the date the financial statements were available to be issued and has determined that, other than as disclosed in Note 11,
 Liquidation of the Trading Company, there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements. 

11. 
 Liquidation of the Trading Company: 
 Payment of the Trading Company s liquidation proceeds of 23,801,372 was made to the Members on July 5, 2022. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 7
 d445764dex992.htm
 EX-99.2

EX-99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 
 To the Non-Managing Members of 
 CMF NL Master Fund LLC To
the best of the knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the information contained herein is accurate and complete. 

By: 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 

President and Director 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

Trading Manager, 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 
 522 Fifth Avenue 
 
 New York, NY 10036 
 
 (855) 672-4468 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Managing Member of CMF NL Master Fund LLC, 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements We
have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition of CMF NL Master Fund LLC (the Trading Company ), including the condensed schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income
and expenses, and changes in members capital for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Trading Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and changes in its members capital for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Trading Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Trading Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Trading Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Trading Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Trading Company s internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Trading Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to those charged with governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that
there are no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the auditor of the Trading Company since 2019. 
 Boston, MA March 17, 2023 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Statements of Financial Condition 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets: 

Equity in trading account: 

Unrestricted cash (Note 2e) 

35,029,326 

33,911,941 

Restricted cash (Note 2e) 

4,897,133 

5,297,408 

Foreign cash (cost 1,053,384 and 805,411 at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively) 

1,069,621 

804,951 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

1,526,420 

8,650,012 

Options purchased, at fair value (premiums paid 498,658 and 1,210,798 at December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively) 

5,126,189 

1,595,980 

Total equity in trading account 

47,648,689 

50,260,292 

Total assets 

47,648,689 

50,260,292 

Liabilities and Members Capital: 

Liabilities: 

Accrued expenses: 

Professional fees 

22,332 

27,632 

Redemptions payable (Note 8c) 

2,360,537 

7,978,710 

Total liabilities 

2,382,869 

8,006,342 

Members Capital: 

Managing Member 

- 

- 

Non-Managing Members 

45,265,820 

42,253,950 

Total Members capital (net asset value) 

45,265,820 

42,253,950 

Total liabilities and Members capital 

47,648,689 

50,260,292 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Condensed Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 

Number of Contracts 

Fair Value 
 
 of Members Capital 

Futures Contracts Purchased 

Energy 

DUTCH TTF Call Strike price 150; Feb 23 

50 

(1,145,732) 

(2.53) 

DUTCH TTF Call Strike price 150; Mar 23 

50 

(1,155,982) 

(2.55) 

API2 MG-F CAL Put Strike price 100; Jan 24 

6 

1,372,320 

3.03 

Other 

704 

(2,995,034) 

(6.62) 

Total futures contracts purchased 

(3,924,428) 

(8.67) 

Futures Contracts Sold 

Energy 

DUTCH TTF Call Strike price 160; Feb 23 

50 

1,115,876 

2.47 

DUTCH TTF Call Strike price 160; Mar 23 

50 

1,135,023 

2.50 

PHELIX DE BASE Y JAN 24 

4 

2,172,257 

4.80 

Other 

107 

1,027,692 

2.27 

Total futures contracts sold 

5,450,848 

12.04 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

1,526,420 

3.37 

Options Purchased 

Calls 

Energy 

PHELIX DE BASE Call Strike price 150; Dec 24 

6 

5,126,189 

11.32 

Total options purchased (premiums paid 498,658) 

5,126,189 

11.32 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Condensed Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 

Number of Contracts 

Fair Value 
 
 of Members Capital 

Futures Contracts Purchased 

Energy 

ICE ECX EMISSION Dec 23 

100 

3,140,190 

7.43 

ECX EMISSION FSM Call Strike price 75; Dec 22 

160 

1,822,220 

4.31 

ECX EMISSION FSM Call Strike price 80; Dec 22 

100 

951,728 

2.25 

PHELIX DE BASE Y Jan 23 

1 

636,971 

1.51 

API2 MG-F CAL Call Strike price 100; Jan 23 

10 

525,600 

1.24 

ECX EMISSION FSM Call Strike price 100; Mar 22 

175 

442,016 

1.05 

Other 

927 

2,863,621 

6.78 

Total futures contracts purchased 

10,382,346 

24.57 

Futures Contracts Sold 

Energy 

ECX EMISSION FSM Call Strike price 100; Dec 22 

100 

(589,923) 

(1.40) 

Other 

212 

(1,142,411) 

(2.70) 

Total futures contracts sold 

(1,732,334) 

(4.10) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

8,650,012 

20.47 

Options Purchased 

Calls 

Energy 

256 

1,383,002 

3.27 

Puts 

Energy 

12 

212,978 

0.51 

Total options purchased (premiums paid 1,210,798) 

1,595,980 

3.78 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Statements of Income and Expenses 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Investment Income: 

Interest income 

575,235 

9,235 

66,821 

Expenses: 

Brokerage, clearing and transaction fees (Note 2h) 

76,063 

217,100 

72,674 

Professional and other fees 

53,333 

56,918 

62,424 

Total expenses 

129,396 

274,018 

135,098 

Net investment income (loss) 

445,839 

(264,783) 

(68,277) 

Trading Results: 

Net gains (losses) on trading of commodity interests: 

Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts 

15,614,391 

21,219,729 

(3,091,767) 
 
 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts 

(2,864,546) 

7,883,393 

2,714,073 

Total trading results 

12,749,845 

29,103,122 

(377,694) 

Net income (loss) 

13,195,684 

28,838,339 

(445,971) 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Statements of Changes in Members Capital 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Managing Member 
 
 Non-Managing Members 
 
 Total 

Members Capital, December 31, 2019 

- 

21,701,870 

21,701,870 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Members 

- 

(6,851,105) 

(6,851,105) 
 
 Distribution of interest income to feeder funds 

- 

(66,821) 

(66,821) 
 
 Net income (loss) 

- 

(445,971) 

(445,971) 

Members Capital, December 31, 2020 

- 

14,337,973 

14,337,973 

Capital contributions - Non-Managing Members 

- 

12,137,000 

12,137,000 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Members 

- 

(13,050,127) 

(13,050,127) 
 
 Distribution of interest income to feeder funds 

- 

(9,235) 

(9,235) 
 
 Net income (loss) 

- 

28,838,339 

28,838,339 

Members Capital, December 31, 2021 

- 

42,253,950 

42,253,950 

Capital contributions - Non-Managing Members 

- 

14,212,000 

14,212,000 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Members 

- 

(23,820,579) 

(23,820,579) 
 
 Distribution of interest income to feeder funds 

- 

(575,235) 

(575,235) 
 
 Net income (loss) 

- 

13,195,684 

13,195,684 

Members Capital, December 31, 2022 

- 

45,265,820 

45,265,820 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

1. 
 Organization: 
 CMF NL Master Fund LLC (the Trading Company was formed on January 16, 2019, as a Delaware limited liability
company under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act ), to engage in the speculative trading of commodities, domestic and foreign futures contracts, forward contracts, foreign exchange commitments, options on physical
commodities and on futures contracts, spot (cash) commodities and currencies, exchange of futures contracts for physicals transactions, exchange of physicals for futures contracts transactions, and any rights pertaining thereto (collectively,
 Futures Interests (refer to Note 4, Financial Instruments ). The Trading Manager (as defined below) may also determine to invest up to all of the Trading Company s assets in United States U.S. Treasury
bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. The Trading Company commenced operations on April 1, 2019. 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC Ceres , the Managing Member or the Trading Manager is the
trading manager and the managing member of the Trading Company. Ceres is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Domestic Holdings, Inc. MSD Holdings ). MSD Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly
held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. 
 Ceres has retained Northlander Commodity Advisors LLP Northlander or the Advisor ), an unaffiliated
commodity trading advisor registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), to trade Futures Interests on behalf of the Trading Company. Each member (each investor in the Trading Company, a Member invests its
assets in the Trading Company, which allocates substantially all of its assets in the trading program of Northlander, which makes investment decisions for the Trading Company. As of December 31, 2022, Ceres Orion L.P. Orion (a New
York limited partnership) and Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. Tactical Commodity (a New York limited partnership) were the Members of the Trading Company and owned approximately 71.4 and 28.6 of the Trading Company, respectively. As of
December 31, 2021, Orion and Tactical Commodity owned approximately 74.0 and 26.0 of the Trading Company, respectively. 
 The clearing commodity broker for the Trading Company is Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. ).
MS Co. also acts as the counterparty on the trading of foreign currency forward contracts. MS Co. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. 
 The Trading Manager has delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time
to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Trading Company. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

2. 
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: 

a. 
 Use of Estimates . The preparation of financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires the Trading Manager to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates, and those differences could be material. 

b. 
 Statement of Cash Flows . The Trading Company has not provided a Statement of Cash Flows, as permitted
by Accounting Standards Codification ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows. The Statements of Changes in Members Capital are included herein. As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the
Trading Company carried no debt and all of the Trading Company s investments were carried at fair value and classified as Level 1 or Level 2 measurements. 

c. 
 Trading Company s Investments . All Futures Interests held by the Trading Company, including
derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The Futures Interests are recorded on trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value (as described in Note 6, Fair Value
Measurements at the measurement date. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, first-out method.
Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in trading account in the Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized gains or losses are included in the Statements
of Income and Expenses. 

d. 
 Foreign Currency Transactions and Translation . The Trading Company s functional currency is the
U.S. dollar; however, the Trading Company may transact business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate in effect at the date
of the Statements of Financial Condition. Income and expense items denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate in effect during the period. The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange
rates on investments are not segregated in the Statements of Income and Expenses from the changes in market price of those investments, but are included in net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts and net change in unrealized gains (losses)
on open contracts in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 

e. 
 Restricted and Unrestricted Cash . The cash held by the Trading Company available for trading in
Futures Interests is on deposit in a commodity brokerage account with MS Co. The Trading Company s restricted cash is equal to the cash portion of assets on deposit to meet margin requirements, as determined by the exchange or counterparty,
and required by MS Co. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of cash held for margin requirements was 4,897,133 and 5,297,408, respectively. Restricted and unrestricted cash includes cash denominated in foreign currencies of
 1,069,621 (cost of 1,053,384) and 804,951 (cost of 805,411) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

f. 
 Income Taxes . Income taxes have not been recorded as each Member is individually liable for the
taxes, if any, on its share of the Trading Company s income and expenses. The Trading Company follows the guidance of ASC 740, Income Taxes, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for financial
statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Trading Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are
 more-likely-than-not of being sustained when challenged or when examined by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions determined not to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or liability in the Statements of Financial Condition for the current year. If a tax position does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid
the incurring of penalties, an expense for the amount of the statutory penalty and interest, if applicable, shall be recognized in the Statements of Income and Expenses in the years in which the position is claimed or expected to be claimed. The
Trading Manager has concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions that would require recognition in the financial statements. The Trading Company files U.S. federal and various state and local tax returns. No income tax returns are
currently under examination. All periods since inception remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. 

g. 
 Investment Company Status . The Trading Company has been deemed to be an investment company since
inception. Accordingly, the Trading Company follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Accounting Standards Update 2013-08, Financial Services Investment Companies
(Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements and reflects its investments at fair value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and
Expenses. 

h. 
 Brokerage, Clearing and Transaction Fees . The Trading Company accrues and pays brokerage, clearing
and transaction fees to MS Co. Brokerage fees are paid as they are incurred on a half-turn basis at 100 of the rates that MS Co. charges retail commodity customers and parties that are not clearinghouse members. In addition, the Trading
Company pays transaction and clearing fees as they are incurred. 

i. 
 Equity in Trading Account . The Trading Company s asset Equity in trading account, 
reflected in the Statements of Financial Condition, consists of (a) cash on deposit in the commodity brokerage account with MS Co., a portion of which is used as margin for trading, (b) net unrealized appreciation on open futures
contracts, if any, which are at fair value and calculated as the difference between the original contract value and fair value, as applicable, (c) options purchased, at fair value, if any and (d) U.S. Treasury bills, at fair value, if any.
 The Trading Company, in its normal course of business, enters into various contracts with MS Co.
acting as its commodity broker. Pursuant to the brokerage agreement with MS Co., to the extent that such trading results in unrealized gains or losses, these amounts are offset for the Trading Company and are reported on a net basis in the
Statements of Financial Condition. The Trading Company has offset its unrealized gains or losses on forward contracts
executed with the same counterparty as allowable under the terms of its master netting agreement with MS Co. as the counterparty on such contracts. The Trading Company has consistently applied its right to offset. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

j. 
 Dissolution of the Trading Company . The Trading Company shall be dissolved upon the first of the
following events to occur: 

(1) 
 The sole determination of Ceres; 

(2) 
 The written consent of the Members holding not less than a majority interest in capital with or without
cause; or 

(3) 
 The occurrence of any other event that causes the dissolution of the limited liability company under the
Act. 

3. 
 Advisor: 
 Ceres has retained Northlander to make all trading decisions for the Trading Company. 
 Fees are paid to Northlander directly by the Members in accordance with the compensation provisions of the relevant management
agreements between each Member and Northlander. 

4. 
 Financial Instruments: 
 The Advisor trades Futures Interests on behalf of the Trading Company. Futures and forwards represent contracts for delayed
delivery of an instrument at a specified date and price. The fair value of an exchange-traded contract is based on the settlement price quoted by the exchange on the day with respect to which fair value is being determined. If an exchange-traded
contract could not have been liquidated on such day due to the operation of daily limits or other rules of the exchange, the settlement price will be equal to the settlement price on the first subsequent day on which the contract could be
liquidated. Futures Interests are fair valued as discussed in Note 6, Fair Value Measurements. The Trading
Company s contracts are accounted for on a trade-date basis. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, 
 first-out method. 

5. 
 Trading Activities: 
 The Trading Company s objective is to profit from speculative trading in Futures Interests. Therefore, the Advisor for
the Trading Company will take speculative positions in Futures Interests where it feels the best profit opportunities exist for its trading strategy. As such, the average number of contracts outstanding in absolute quantity (the total of the open
long and open short positions) has been presented as a part of the volume disclosure, as position direction is not an indicative factor in such volume disclosures. 
 None of the Trading Company s current contracts are traded over-the-counter, although contracts may be traded over-the-counter in the future. 
 All of the Futures Interests owned by the Trading Company are held for trading purposes. The monthly average number of futures
contracts traded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 2,125 and 3,365, respectively. The monthly average number of option contracts traded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 862 and 393, respectively.

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following tables summarize the gross and net amounts recognized relating to the assets and liabilities of the Trading
Company s derivative instruments and transactions eligible for offset subject to master netting agreements or similar agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Gross 
 
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Statements of 
 
 Amounts Presented in the Statements of 
 
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Amounts Recognized 
 
 Financial Condition 
 
 Financial Condition 
 
 Financial Instruments 
 
 Cash Collateral Received/Pledged 
 
 Net Amount 

Assets 

Futures 

8,414,145 

(6,887,725) 

1,526,420 

- 

- 

1,526,420 

Total assets 

8,414,145 

(6,887,725) 

1,526,420 

- 

- 

1,526,420 

Liabilities 

Futures 

(6,887,725) 

6,887,725 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

(6,887,725) 

6,887,725 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net fair value 

1,526,420 

Gross 
 
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Statements of 
 
 Amounts Presented in the Statements of 
 
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Amounts Recognized 
 
 Financial Condition 
 
 Financial Condition 
 
 Financial Instruments 
 
 Cash Collateral Received/Pledged 
 
 Net Amount 

Assets 

Futures 

12,412,516 

(3,762,504) 

8,650,012 

- 

- 

8,650,012 

Total assets 

12,412,516 

(3,762,504) 

8,650,012 

- 

- 

8,650,012 

Liabilities 

Futures 

(3,762,504) 

3,762,504 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

(3,762,504) 

3,762,504 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net fair value 

8,650,012 

In the event of default by the Trading Company, MS Co., the Trading Company s commodity futures
broker and a counterparty to certain of the Trading Company s non-exchange-traded contracts, as applicable, has the right to offset the Trading Company s obligation with the Trading Company s
cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co., thereby minimizing MS Co. s risk of loss. In certain instances, a counterparty may not post collateral and as such, in the event of default by such counterparty, the Trading Company is
exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of exchange-traded contracts, the Trading Company s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit
between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee funds may be available in the event of a default. In some instances, the actual collateral received and/or pledged may be more than the amount shown due to overcollateralization.

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following tables indicate the Trading Company s gross fair values of derivative instruments of futures and option
contracts as separate assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

December 31, 2022 

Assets 

Futures Contracts 

Energy 

8,414,145 

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

8,414,145 

Liabilities 

Futures Contracts 

Energy 

(6,887,725) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(6,887,725) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

1,526,420 

Assets 

Options Purchased 

Energy 

5,126,189 

Total options purchased 

5,126,189 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements of
Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Options purchased, at fair value in the Statements of Financial Condition.

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Futures Contracts 

Energy 

12,412,516 

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

12,412,516 

Liabilities 

Futures Contracts 

Energy 

(3,762,504) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(3,762,504) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

8,650,012 

Assets 

Options Purchased 

Energy 

1,595,980 

Total options purchased 

1,595,980 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts in the Statements of
Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Options purchased, at fair value in the Statements of Financial Condition.
 The following table indicates the trading gains and losses, by market sector, on derivative instruments
for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Sector 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Currencies 

588,071 

(41,192) 

167,164 

Energy 

12,161,774 

29,144,314 

(544,858) 

Total 

12,749,845 

29,103,122 

(377,694) 

This amount is in Total trading results in the Statements of Income and Expenses.

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

6. 
 Fair Value Measurements: 
 Fair value is defined as the value that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the
lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to
the fair value measurement in its entirety. The fair value of exchange-traded futures, forward and option contracts is
determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward
basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign currency option
contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as input the spot prices, interest rates and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.)
on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period. 
 The Trading Company considers prices for commodity futures, swap and option contracts to be based on unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded forward, swap and certain option contracts for which market quotations are not readily
available are priced by pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Trading Company did not hold any derivative
instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the Trading Manager s assumptions and internal valuation pricing models (Level 3). 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Total 
 
 Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 

Assets 

Futures 

8,414,145 

8,414,145 

- 

- 

Options purchased 

5,126,189 

5,126,189 

- 

- 

Total assets 

13,540,334 

13,540,334 

- 

- 

Liabilities 

Futures 

6,887,725 

6,887,725 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

6,887,725 

6,887,725 

- 

- 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Total 
 
 Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets 

Futures 

12,412,516 

12,412,516 

- 

- 

Options purchased 

1,595,980 

1,595,980 

- 

- 

Total assets 

14,008,496 

14,008,496 

- 

- 

Liabilities 

Futures 

3,762,504 

3,762,504 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

3,762,504 

3,762,504 

- 

- 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

7. 
 Financial Instrument Risk: 
 The Members investments in the Trading Company expose the Members to various types of risks that are associated with
Futures Interests trading and markets in which the Trading Company invests. The significant types of financial risks which the Trading Company is exposed to are market risk, liquidity risk, counterparty credit risk and changes in interest rates.
 The rapid fluctuations in the market prices of Futures Interests in which the Trading Company invests and changes in
interest rates make the Members investments volatile. If Northlander incorrectly predicts the direction of prices in the Futures Interests in which it invests, large losses may occur. 
 Illiquidity in the markets in which the Trading Company invests may cause less favorable trade prices. Although Northlander
will generally purchase and sell actively traded contracts where last trade price information and quoted prices are readily available, the prices at which a sale or purchase occur may differ from the prices expected because there may be a delay
between receiving a quote and executing a trade, particularly in circumstances where a market has limited trading volume and prices are often quoted for relatively limited quantities. 
 The credit risk on Futures Interests arises from the potential inability of counterparties to perform under the terms of the
contracts. The Trading Company has credit risk and concentration risk, as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate are counterparties or brokers with respect to the Trading Company s assets. The Trading Company s exposure to credit risk
associated with counterparty nonperformance is typically limited to the cash deposits with, or other form of collateral held by, the counterparty. The Trading Company s assets deposited with MS Co. or its affiliates are segregated or
secured in accordance with the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations of the CFTC and are expected to be largely held in non-interest bearing bank accounts at a U.S. bank or banks, but may also be invested
in any other instruments approved by the CFTC for investment of customer funds. Exchange-traded futures, exchange-traded forward and exchange-traded futures-styled option contracts are marked to market on a daily basis, with variations in value
settled on a daily basis. With respect to the Trading Company s non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts and forward currency option contracts, there are no daily settlements of variation in value,
nor is there any requirement that an amount equal to the net unrealized gains (losses) on such contracts be segregated. However, the Trading Company is required to meet margin requirements with the counterparty, which is accomplished by daily
maintenance of the cash balance in a custody account and U.S. Treasury bills held at MS Co. With respect to those non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts, the Trading Company is dependent upon the
ability of MS Co., the counterparty on such contracts, to perform. The Trading Company has a netting agreement with the counterparty. These agreements, which seek to reduce both the Trading Company s and the counterparty s exposure on non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts, should materially decrease the Trading Company s credit risk in the event of MS Co. s bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Trading Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain various
representations and warranties and which provide general indemnifications. The Trading Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements cannot be determined, as this could include future claims that have not yet been made against the Trading
Company. The Trading Company considers the risk of any future obligation relating to these indemnifications to be remote. 
 Since its discovery in December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19, has spread from China to many other countries, including the United States. The outbreak has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary has
declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related voluntary and government-imposed social and business
restrictions has impacted global economic conditions and adversely affected various industries (including, but not limited to, transportation, hospitality and entertainment), resulting in volatility in the global financial markets, disruption in
global supply chains, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place directives and
increased remote work protocols. If the pandemic continues to be prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, including actions to facilitate the comprehensive distribution of effective vaccines, the adverse impact on
the global economy will deepen. Given the continuing development of this situation, it is not possible to accurately
predict how the market disruptions caused by COVID-19 will further impact the U.S. and other world economies or the value of the Trading Company s investments, or for how long the effects of such events
will continue. Nevertheless, the novel coronavirus continues to present material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Trading Company s investments and operations. 
 On February 22, 2022, the United States and several European nations announced sanctions against Russia in response to
Russia s mobilization of forces and threat of invasion of the Ukraine, and governments around the world imposed, and may in the future impose, additional sanctions on Russia in response to its continued escalation of this conflict. On
February 24, 2022, Russian President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned forces into the Ukraine. The conflict has created volatility in the price of various commodities
and may have a negative impact on business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the Trading Company s investments. Furthermore, uncertainties regarding the conflict between the two nations and the varying
involvement of the United States and other NATO countries preclude prediction as to the ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Trading Company and the
performance of its investments or operations, and the ability of the Trading Company to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that investors, service providers and/or other third parties have material operations or assets in
Russia or Ukraine, they may have their operations disrupted and/or suffer adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. 

8. 
 Members Capital: 

a. 
 Members Capital . The Members Capital of the Trading Company is equal to the total assets
of the Trading Company (including, but not limited to, all cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury bills, at fair value, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, options purchased, at fair value and other assets) less all liabilities
(including, but not limited to, net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts, options written, at fair value, accrued professional fees and redemptions), determined in accordance with GAAP. 

b. 
 Capital Contributions . Capital contributions by the Members may be made monthly pending Ceres 
approval. Such capital contributions will increase each contributing Member s pro-rata share of the Trading Company s Members Capital. 

c. 
 Capital Withdrawals . Generally, each Member may withdraw all or a portion of its capital
contributions and undistributed profits, if any, from the Trading Company as of the end of any month (the Redemption Date after a request for redemption has been made to the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the
Redemption Date. However, a Member may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal day. 

d. 
 Distributions . Distributions, other than capital withdrawals, are made on a pro-rata basis at the sole discretion of Ceres. No distributions have been made to date. Ceres does not intend to make any distributions of the Trading Company s profits, except for distribution of interest
income to feeder funds, as applicable. 

CMF NL Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

9. 
 Financial Highlights: 
 Financial highlights for the non-managing Members as a whole for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Ratios to Average Members Capital: 

Net investment income (loss) 

0.9 

(0.9) 

(0.4) 

Operating expenses 

0.3 

0.9 

0.7 

Total return 

35.1 

142.3 

2.2 

Interest income less total expenses. 
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the
year. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the non-managing Members share of income, expenses and average Members capital. 

10. 
 Subsequent Events: 
 The Trading Manager evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before and up until financial statements are
available to be issued. The Trading Manager has assessed the subsequent events through March 17, 2023, the date the financial statements were available to be issued and has determined that there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to
or disclosure in the financial statements. 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-99.3>
 8
 d445764dex993.htm
 EX-99.3

EX-99.3 

Exhibit 99.3 
 To the Non-Managing Members of 
 CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 To the best of the knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the information contained herein is accurate and complete. 

By: 
 
 Patrick T. Egan 

President and Director 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 

Trading Manager, 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 522 Fifth Avenue 

New York, NY 10036 

(855) 672-4468 

Ernst Young LLP 200 Clarendon Street Boston, MA 02116 

Tel: +1 617 266 2000 
 Fax: +1 617 266 5843 
 www.ey.com 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Managing Member of CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC, 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements We
have audited the accompanying statement of financial condition of CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC (the Trading Company ), including the condensed schedule of investments, as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of income and
expenses, and changes in members capital for the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Trading Company at December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and changes in its members capital for the period from
May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis
for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Trading Company s management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on the Trading Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to the Trading Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Trading Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Trading Company s internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Trading Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned
as of December 31, 2022, by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to those charged with governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that
there are no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the auditor of the Trading Company since 2022. 
 Boston, MA March 17, 2023 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Statement of Financial Condition 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2022 

Assets: 

Equity in trading account: 

Unrestricted cash (Note 2e) 

30,034,294 

Restricted cash (Note 2e) 

9,105,106 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

5,445,715 

Options purchased, at fair value (premiums paid 782,652 at December 31, 2022) 

810,557 

Total equity in trading account 

45,395,672 

Total assets 

45,395,672 

Liabilities and Members Capital: 

Liabilities: 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

1,118,121 

Options written, at fair value (premiums received 819,197 at December 31, 2022 

595,564 

Accrued expenses: 

Professional fees 

68,001 

Redemptions payable (Note 8c) 

116,597 

Total liabilities 

1,898,283 

Members Capital: 

Managing Member 

- 

Non-Managing Members 

43,497,389 

Total Members capital (net asset value) 

43,497,389 

Total liabilities and Members capital 

45,395,672 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Condensed Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 

Notional )/ Number of Contracts 

Fair Value 
 
 of Members Capital 

Futures Contracts Purchased 

Metals 

714 

629,208 

1.45 

Total futures contracts purchased 

629,208 

1.45 

Futures Contracts Sold 

Currencies 

62 

(140,689) 

(0.32) 

Metals 

SGX IRON ORE 62 ; Mar 23 

318 

(676,844) 

(1.56) 

SGX IRON ORE 62 ; Feb 23 

168 

(542,411) 

(1.25) 

Other 

175 

(387,385) 

(0.89) 

Total futures contracts sold 

(1,747,329) 

(4.02) 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(1,118,121) 

(2.57) 

Unrealized Appreciation on Open Forward Contracts 

Metals 

LME COPPER FUTURE; Dec 23 

28,736,055 

2,665,082 

6.13 

LME NICKEL FUTURE; Dec 23 

17,359,780 

1,706,070 

3.92 

LME NICKEL FORWARD; Sep 22 

11,710,663 

1,206,569 

2.77 

LME COPPER FUTURE; Dec 24 

13,800,831 

1,103,795 

2.54 

LME NICKEL FUTURE; Dec 24 

3,203,555 

804,757 

1.85 

LME COPPER FUTURE; Jan 23 

12,047,740 

538,793 

1.24 

Other 

109,794,250 

6,411,658 

14.74 

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

14,436,724 

33.19 

Unrealized Depreciation on Open Forward Contracts 

Metals 

LME COPPER FUTURE; Dec 23 

9,767,200 

(800,451) 

(1.84) 

LME NICKEL FUTURE; Dec 24 

9,147,934 

(777,410) 

(1.79) 

LME NICKEL FUTURE; Dec 23 

5,054,787 

(672,571) 

(1.55) 

LME NICKEL FUTURE; Dec 25 

2,705,257 

(439,895) 

(1.01) 

Other 

116,001,784 

(6,300,682) 

(14.48) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(8,991,009) 

(20.67) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

5,445,715 

12.52 

Options Purchased 

Calls 

Metals 

233 

766,907 

1.76 

Puts 

Metals 

40 

43,650 

0.10 

Total options purchased (premiums paid 782,652) 

810,557 

1.86 

Options Written 

Calls 

Metals 

239 

(425,847) 

(0.98) 

Puts 

Metals 

110 

(169,717) 

(0.39) 

Total options written (premiums received 819,197) 

(595,564) 

(1.37) 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Statement of Income and Expenses 
 For the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 

2022 

Investment Income: 

Interest income 

476,902 

Expenses: 

Brokerage, clearing and transaction fees (Note 2h) 

112,333 

Professional and other fees 

68,053 

Total expenses 

180,386 

Net investment income (loss) 

296,516 

Trading Results: 

Net gains (losses) on trading of commodity interests: 

Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts 

(5,686,996) 
 
 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts 

4,579,132 

Total trading results 

(1,107,864) 

Net income (loss) 

(811,348) 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Statement of Changes in Members Capital 
 For the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 

Managing Member 

Non-Managing Members 
 
 Total 

Members Capital, May 1, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

Capital contributions - Non-Managing Members 

- 

45,300,000 

45,300,000 

Capital withdrawals - Non-Managing Members 

- 

(514,361) 

(514,361) 
 
 Distribution of interest income to feeder funds 

- 

(476,902) 

(476,902) 
 
 Net income (loss) 

- 

(811,348) 

(811,348) 

Members Capital, December 31, 2022 

- 

43,497,389 

43,497,389 

See accompanying notes to
financial statements. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

1. 
 Organization: 
 CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC (the Trading Company was formed on July 8, 2021, as a Delaware limited
liability company under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act ), to engage in the speculative trading of commodities, domestic and foreign futures contracts, forward contracts, foreign exchange commitments, options on
physical commodities and on futures contracts, spot (cash) commodities and currencies, exchange of futures contracts for physicals transactions, exchange of physicals for futures contracts transactions, and any rights pertaining thereto
(collectively, Futures Interests (refer to Note 4, Financial Instruments ). The Trading Manager (as defined below) may also determine to invest up to all of the Trading Company s assets in United States U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. The Trading Company commenced operations on May 1, 2022. 
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC Ceres , the Managing Member or the Trading Manager is the
trading manager and the managing member of the Trading Company. Ceres is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Domestic Holdings, Inc. MSD Holdings ). MSD Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly
held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. 
 Ceres has retained Drakewood Capital Management Limited Drakewood or the Advisor to trade Futures
Interests on behalf of the Trading Company. Each member (each investor in the Trading Company, a Member invests its assets in the Trading Company, which allocates substantially all of its assets in the trading program of Drakewood, an
unaffiliated commodity trading advisor registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), which makes investment decisions for the Trading Company. As of December 31, 2022, Ceres Orion L.P. Orion (a New
York limited partnership) and Ceres Tactical Commodity L.P. Tactical Commodity (a New York limited partnership) were the Members of the Trading Company and owned approximately 68.2 and 31.8 of the Trading Company, respectively. 
 The clearing commodity broker for the Trading Company is Morgan Stanley Co. LLC MS Co. ).
MS Co. also acts as the counterparty on the trading of foreign currency forward contracts. MS Co. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. 
 The Trading Manager has delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time
to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Trading Company. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

2. 
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: 

a. 
 Use of Estimates . The preparation of financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires the Trading Manager to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates, and those differences could be material. 

b. 
 Statement of Cash Flows . The Trading Company has not provided a Statement of Cash Flows, as permitted
by Accounting Standards Codification ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows. The Statements of Changes in Members Capital are included herein. As of December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 1, 2022
(commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022, the Trading Company carried no debt and all of the Trading Company s investments were carried at fair value and classified as Level 1 or Level 2 measurements.

c. 
 Trading Company s Investments . All Futures Interests held by the Trading Company, including
derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The Futures Interests are recorded on trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value (as described in Note 6, Fair Value
Measurements at the measurement date. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, first-out method.
Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in trading account in the Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized gains or losses are included in the Statements
of Income and Expenses. 

d. 
 Foreign Currency Transactions and Translation . The Trading Company s functional currency is the
U.S. dollar; however, the Trading Company may transact business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate in effect at the date
of the Statements of Financial Condition. Income and expense items denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate in effect during the period. The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange
rates on investments are not segregated in the Statements of Income and Expenses from the changes in market price of those investments, but are included in net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts and net change in unrealized gains (losses)
on open contracts in the Statements of Income and Expenses. 

e. 
 Restricted and Unrestricted Cash . The cash held by the Trading Company available for trading in
Futures Interests is on deposit in a commodity brokerage account with MS Co. The Trading Company s restricted cash is equal to the cash portion of assets on deposit to meet margin requirements, as determined by the exchange or counterparty,
and required by MS Co. At December 31, 2022, the amount of cash held for margin requirements was 9,105,106. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

f. 
 Income Taxes . Income taxes have not been recorded as each Member is individually liable for the
taxes, if any, on its share of the Trading Company s income and expenses. The Trading Company follows the guidance of ASC 740, Income Taxes, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for financial
statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Trading Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are
 more-likely-than-not of being sustained when challenged or when examined by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions determined not to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or liability in the Statements of Financial Condition for the current year. If a tax position does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid
the incurring of penalties, an expense for the amount of the statutory penalty and interest, if applicable, shall be recognized in the Statements of Income and Expenses in the years in which the position is claimed or expected to be claimed. The
Trading Manager has concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions that would require recognition in the financial statements. The Trading Company files U.S. federal and various state and local tax returns. No income tax returns are
currently under examination. All periods since inception remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. 

g. 
 Investment Company Status The Trading Company has been deemed to be an investment company since
inception. Accordingly, the Trading Company follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Accounting Standards Update 2013-08, Financial Services Investment Companies
(Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements and reflects its investments at fair value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and
Expenses. 

h. 
 Brokerage, Clearing and Transaction Fees . The Trading Company accrues and pays brokerage, clearing
and transaction fees to MS Co. Brokerage fees are paid as they are incurred on a half-turn basis at 100 of the rates that MS Co. charges retail commodity customers and parties that are not clearinghouse members. In addition, the Trading
Company pays transaction and clearing fees as they are incurred. 

i. 
 Equity in Trading Account . The Trading Company s asset Equity in trading account, 
reflected in the Statements of Financial Condition, consists of (a) cash on deposit in the commodity brokerage account with MS Co., a portion of which is used as margin for trading, (b) net unrealized appreciation on open futures and
forward contracts, if any, which are at fair value and calculated as the difference between the original contract value and fair value, as applicable, (c) options purchased, at fair value, if any and (d) U.S. Treasury bills, at fair value,
if any. The Trading Company, in its normal course of business, enters into various contracts with
MS Co. acting as its commodity broker. Pursuant to the brokerage agreement with MS Co., to the extent that such trading results in unrealized gains or losses, these amounts are offset for the Trading Company and are reported on a net basis
in the Statements of Financial Condition. The Trading Company has offset its unrealized gains or losses on forward
contracts executed with the same counterparty as allowable under the terms of its master netting agreement with MS Co. as the counterparty on such contracts. The Trading Company has consistently applied its right to offset. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

j. 
 Dissolution of the Trading Company . The Trading Company shall be dissolved upon the first of the
following events to occur: 

(1) 
 The sole determination of Ceres; 

(2) 
 The written consent of the Members holding not less than a majority interest in capital with or without
cause; or 

(3) 
 The occurrence of any other event that causes the dissolution of the limited liability company under the
Act. 

3. 
 Advisor: 
 Ceres has retained Drakewood to make all trading decisions for the Trading Company. 
 Fees are paid to Drakewood directly by the Members in accordance with the compensation provisions of the relevant management
agreements between each Member and Drakewood. 

4. 
 Financial Instruments: 
 The Advisor trades Futures Interests on behalf of the Trading Company. Futures and forwards represent contracts for delayed
delivery of an instrument at a specified date and price. The fair value of an exchange-traded contract is based on the settlement price quoted by the exchange on the day with respect to which fair value is being determined. If an exchange-traded
contract could not have been liquidated on such day due to the operation of daily limits or other rules of the exchange, the settlement price will be equal to the settlement price on the first subsequent day on which the contract could be
liquidated. Futures Interests are fair valued as discussed in Note 6, Fair Value Measurements. The Trading
Company s contracts are accounted for on a trade-date basis. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, 
 first-out method. 

5. 
 Trading Activities: 
 The Trading Company s objective is to profit from speculative trading in Futures Interests. Therefore, the Advisor for
the Trading Company will take speculative positions in Futures Interests where it feels the best profit opportunities exist for its trading strategy. As such, the average number of contracts outstanding in absolute quantity (the total of the open
long and open short positions) has been presented as a part of the volume disclosure, as position direction is not an indicative factor in such volume disclosures. 
 None of the Trading Company s current contracts are traded over-the-counter, although contracts may be traded over-the-counter in the future. 
 All of the Futures Interests owned by the Trading Company are held for trading purposes. The monthly average number of futures
contracts traded during the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 was 1,011. The monthly average number of metals forward contracts traded during the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of
operations) to December 31, 2022 was 2,552. The monthly average number of option contracts traded during the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 was 1,096. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following table summarizes the gross and net amounts recognized relating to the assets and liabilities of the Trading
Company s derivative instruments and transactions eligible for offset subject to master netting agreements or similar agreements as of December 31, 2022. 

Gross 

Gross Amounts 
 Offset in the Statements
of 

Amounts 
 Presented in the 
 Statements of 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 

Net Amount 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Amounts Recognized 

Financial Condition 

Financial Condition 

Financial Instruments 

Cash Collateral Received/Pledged 

Assets 

Futures 

644,361 

(644,361) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Forwards 

14,436,724 

(8,991,009) 

5,445,715 

- 

- 

5,445,715 

Total assets 

15,081,085 

(9,635,370) 

5,445,715 

- 

- 

5,445,715 

Liabilities 

Futures 

(1,762,482) 

644,361 

(1,118,121) 

- 

1,118,121 

- 

Forwards 

(8,991,009) 

8,991,009 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

(10,753,491) 

9,635,370 

(1,118,121) 

- 

1,118,121 

- 

Net fair value 

5,445,715 

In the event of default by the Trading Company, MS Co., the Trading Company s commodity futures
broker and a counterparty to certain of the Trading Company s non-exchange-traded contracts, as applicable, has the right to offset the Trading Company s obligation with the Trading Company s
cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co., thereby minimizing MS Co. s risk of loss. In certain instances, a counterparty may not post collateral and as such, in the event of default by such counterparty, the Trading Company is
exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of exchange-traded contracts, the Trading Company s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit
between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee funds may be available in the event of a default. In some instances, the actual collateral received and/or pledged may be more than the amount shown due to overcollateralization.

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following table indicates the Trading Company s gross fair values of derivative instruments of futures, forwards and
options contracts as separate assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 

December 31, 2022 

Assets 

Futures Contracts 

Currencies 

6,500 

Metals 

637,861 

Total unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts 

644,361 

Liabilities 

Futures Contracts 

Currencies 

(147,189) 

Metals 

(1,615,293) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(1,762,482) 

Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts 

(1,118,121) 

Assets 

Forward Contracts 

Metals 

14,436,724 

Total unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

14,436,724 

Liabilities 

Forward Contracts 

Metals 

(8,991,009) 

Total unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts 

(8,991,009) 

Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts 

5,445,715 

Assets 

Options Purchased 

Metals 

810,557 

Total options purchased 

810,557 

Liabilities 

Options Written 

Metals 

(595,564) 

Total options written 

(595,564) 

This amount is in Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts in the Statement of
Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts in the Statement of
Financial Condition. 

This amount is in Options purchased, at fair value in the Statement of Financial Condition.

This amount is in Options written, at fair value in the Statement of Financial Condition.

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The following table indicates the trading gains and losses, by market sector, on derivative instruments for the period ended
December 31, 2022. 

Sector 

2022 

Currencies 

757,676 

Metals 

(1,865,540) 

Total 

(1,107,864) 

This amount is in Total trading results in the Statement of Income and Expenses.

6. 
 Fair Value Measurements: 
 Fair value is defined as the value that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the
lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to
the fair value measurement in its entirety. The fair value of exchange-traded futures, forward and option contracts is
determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward
basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign currency option
contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as input the spot prices, interest rates and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.)
on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period. 
 The Trading Company considers prices for commodity futures, swap and option contracts to be based on unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded forward, swap and certain option contracts for which market quotations are not readily
available are priced by pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). As of December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) to
December 31, 2022, the Trading Company did not hold any derivative instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the Trading Manager s assumptions and internal valuation pricing models
(Level 3). 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Total 
 
 Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 

Assets 

Futures 

644,361 

644,361 

- 

- 

Forwards 

14,436,724 

- 

14,436,724 

- 

Options purchased 

810,557 

810,557 

- 

- 

Total assets 

15,891,642 

1,454,918 

14,436,724 

- 

Liabilities 

Futures 

1,762,482 

1,762,482 

- 

- 

Forwards 

8,991,009 

- 

8,991,009 

- 

Options written 

595,564 

595,564 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

11,349,055 

2,358,046 

8,991,009 

- 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

7. 
 Financial Instrument Risk: 
 The Members investments in the Trading Company expose the Members to various types of risks that are associated with
Futures Interests trading and markets in which the Trading Company invests. The significant types of financial risks which the Trading Company is exposed to are market risk, liquidity risk, counterparty credit risk and changes in interest rates.
 The rapid fluctuations in the market prices of Futures Interests in which the Trading Company invests and changes in
interest rates make the Members investments volatile. If Drakewood incorrectly predicts the direction of prices in the Futures Interests in which it invests, large losses may occur. 
 Illiquidity in the markets in which the Trading Company invests may cause less favorable trade prices. Although Drakewood will
generally purchase and sell actively traded contracts where last trade price information and quoted prices are readily available, the prices at which a sale or purchase occur may differ from the prices expected because there may be a delay between
receiving a quote and executing a trade, particularly in circumstances where a market has limited trading volume and prices are often quoted for relatively limited quantities. 
 The credit risk on Futures Interests arises from the potential inability of counterparties to perform under the terms of the
contracts. The Trading Company has credit risk and concentration risk, as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate are counterparties or brokers with respect to the Trading Company s assets. The Trading Company s exposure to credit risk
associated with counterparty nonperformance is typically limited to the cash deposits with, or other form of collateral held by, the counterparty. The Trading Company s assets deposited with MS Co. or its affiliates are segregated or
secured in accordance with the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations of the CFTC and are expected to be largely held in non-interest bearing bank accounts at a U.S. bank or banks, but may also be invested
in any other instruments approved by the CFTC for investment of customer funds. Exchange-traded futures, exchange-traded forward and exchange-traded futures-styled option contracts are marked to market on a daily basis, with variations in value
settled on a daily basis. With respect to the Trading Company s non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts and forward currency option contracts, there are no daily settlements of variation in value,
nor is there any requirement that an amount equal to the net unrealized gains (losses) on such contracts be segregated. However, the Trading Company is required to meet margin requirements with the counterparty, which is accomplished by daily
maintenance of the cash balance in a custody account and U.S. Treasury bills held at MS Co. With respect to those non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts, the Trading Company is dependent upon the
ability of MS Co., the counterparty on such contracts, to perform. The Trading Company has a netting agreement with the counterparty. These agreements, which seek to reduce both the Trading Company s and the counterparty s exposure on non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts, should materially decrease the Trading Company s credit risk in the event of MS Co. s bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Trading Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain various
representations and warranties and which provide general indemnifications. The Trading Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements cannot be determined, as this could include future claims that have not yet been made against the Trading
Company. The Trading Company considers the risk of any future obligation relating to these indemnifications to be remote. 
 Since its discovery in December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, which causes the viral disease known as COVID-19, has spread from China to many other countries, including the United States. The outbreak has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary has
declared a public health emergency in the United States in response to the outbreak. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related voluntary and government-imposed social and business
restrictions has impacted global economic conditions and adversely affected various industries (including, but not limited to, transportation, hospitality and entertainment), resulting in volatility in the global financial markets, disruption in
global supply chains, increased unemployment, and operational challenges such as the temporary and permanent closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place directives and
increased remote work protocols. If the pandemic continues to be prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, including actions to facilitate the comprehensive distribution of effective vaccines, the adverse impact on
the global economy will deepen. Given the continuing development of this situation, it is not possible to accurately
predict how the market disruptions caused by COVID-19 will further impact the U.S. and other world economies or the value of the Trading Company s investments, or for how long the effects of such events
will continue. Nevertheless, the novel coronavirus continues to present material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Trading Company s investments and operations. 
 On February 22, 2022, the United States and several European nations announced sanctions against Russia in response to
Russia s mobilization of forces and threat of invasion of the Ukraine, and governments around the world imposed, and may in the future impose, additional sanctions on Russia in response to its continued escalation of this conflict. On
February 24, 2022, Russian President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned forces into the Ukraine. The conflict has created volatility in the price of various commodities
and may have a negative impact on business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the Trading Company s investments. Furthermore, uncertainties regarding the conflict between the two nations and the varying
involvement of the United States and other NATO countries preclude prediction as to the ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Trading Company and the
performance of its investments or operations, and the ability of the Trading Company to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that investors, service providers and/or other third parties have material operations or assets in
Russia or Ukraine, they may have their operations disrupted and/or suffer adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. 

8. 
 Members Capital: 

a. 
 Members Capital . The Members Capital of the Trading Company is equal to the total assets
of the Trading Company (including, but not limited to, all cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury bills, at fair value, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts, options
purchased, at fair value and other assets) less all liabilities (including, but not limited to, net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts, options written, at fair value, accrued
professional fees and redemptions), determined in accordance with GAAP. 

b. 
 Capital Contributions . Capital contributions by the Members may be made monthly pending Ceres 
approval. Such capital contributions will increase each contributing Member s pro-rata share of the Trading Company s Members Capital. 

c. 
 Capital Withdrawals . Generally, each Member may withdraw all or a portion of its capital
contributions and undistributed profits, if any, from the Trading Company as of the end of any month (the Redemption Date after a request for redemption has been made to the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the
Redemption Date. However, a Member may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal day. 

d. 
 Distributions . Distributions, other than capital withdrawals, are made on a pro-rata basis at the sole discretion of Ceres. No distributions have been made to date. Ceres does not intend to make any distributions of the Trading Company s profits, except for distribution of interest
income to feeder funds, as applicable. 

CMF Drakewood Master Fund LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

9. 
 Financial Highlights: 
 Financial highlights for the non-managing Members as a whole for the period from
May 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

2022 

Ratios to Average Members Capital: 

Net investment loss 
 
 1.1 

Operating expenses 
 
 0.7 

Total return 
 
 (2.1) 

Interest income less total expenses. 
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the
year. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the non-managing Members share of income, expenses and average Members capital. 
 The ratios, excluding nonrecurring expenses, have been annualized. Total return has not been annualized. 

10. 
 Subsequent Events: 
 The Trading Manager evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before and up until financial statements are
available to be issued. The Trading Manager has assessed the subsequent events through March 17, 2023, the date the financial statements were available to be issued and has determined that there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to
or disclosure in the financial statements. 

</EX-99.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ck0001325676-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ck0001325676-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ck0001325676-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ck0001325676-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

