<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1794776_0001213900-23-019265.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15878491</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>297674</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1705190</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4311256</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3134935</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6078098</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-019265.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310171614
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-019265
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001794776
		IRS NUMBER:				843665200
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01334
		FILM NUMBER:		23724725

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 SHAWNEE MISSION PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 315
		CITY:			MISSION WOODS
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		816-994-3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 SHAWNEE MISSION PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 315
		CITY:			MISSION WOODS
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66205

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-019265.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_palmersquare.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting
company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of
the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

There were issued
and outstanding shares of the issuer s common stock, .001 par value per share, on February 28, 2023. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 30 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 53 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 53 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 53 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 53 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 54 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 55 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 56 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 71 
 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 72 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 72 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 72 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 72 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 73 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 76 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 77 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 79 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 81 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Consolidated Financial Statements, and Schedules 
 82 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 83 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 84 

i 

PART I 

Unless indicated otherwise
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the context requires otherwise, the terms: 

we, us, our, and the Company refer to Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc.; 

Palmer Square or PSCM refers collectively to Palmer Square Capital Management LLC and its subsidiaries and other affiliated entities; 

Investment Advisor refers to Palmer Square BDC Advisor LLC, a majority-owned subsidiary of Palmer Square and our investment adviser; 

Administrator refers to the Investment Advisor, in its capacity as our administrator; and 

stockholders refers to holders of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

We are a financial services
company that primarily lends to and invests in corporate debt securities of companies, including small to large private U.S. companies.
We were organized as a Maryland corporation on August 26, 2019 and are structured as an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end
management investment company. We have elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). Beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2020, we have elected
to be treated as a regulated investment company (a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the Code ), and we expect to qualify as a RIC annually. 

We are externally managed
by the Investment Advisor, an investment adviser that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under
the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act ), pursuant to an investment advisory agreement between us and the
Investment Advisor (the Advisory Agreement ). Subject to the supervision of our Board of Directors (the Board ),
a majority of which is comprised of directors that are not interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940
Act (the Independent Directors ), our Investment Advisor manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment
advisory and management services and certain administrative services. The Investment Advisor, in its capacity as Administrator, provides
the administrative services necessary for us to operate pursuant to an administration agreement between us and the Administrator (the
 Administration Agreement ). The Administrator has entered into a sub-administration agreement (the Sub-Administration
Agreement to delegate certain administrative functions to U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC (the Sub-Administrator ).
Our Investment Advisor is a majority-owned subsidiary of Palmer Square, which is a privately-held firm specializing in global alternative
(non-traditional) investments with a total return orientation. 

We have two wholly-owned subsidiaries
(PS BDC Funding and PS BDC Funding II) that were established in connection with our obtaining credit facilities from third party lenders.
The accounts of these subsidiaries are consolidated in the Company s financial statements. We look through such subsidiaries
to determine our compliance with the provisions of the 1940 Act, including provisions governing capital structure and leverage. 

Our Portfolio 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had 204 debt and private fund investments in 176 portfolio companies with an aggregate fair value of approximately 966.9 million. 

1 

Listed below are our top ten portfolio companies
and industries represented as a percentage of total assets (excluding short-term investments) as of December 31, 2022: 

Portfolio Company 
 2022 
 
 Idera, Inc. 
 1.3 
 
 Peraton Corp. 
 1.2 
 
 Inmar, Inc. 
 1.1 
 
 Minotaur Acquisition, Inc. 
 1.1 
 
 Vision Solutions, Inc. 
 1.0 
 
 Acrisure, LLC 
 1.0 
 
 Barracuda Networks, Inc. 
 0.9 
 
 Moneygram International, Inc. 
 0.9 
 
 Micro Holding Corp. 
 0.9 
 
 Wilsonart LLC 
 0.9 

Industry 
 2022 
 
 Software 
 12.3 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 9.4 
 
 IT Services 
 8.0 
 
 Professional Services 
 5.7 
 
 Insurance 
 5.6 
 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 3.7 
 
 Building Products 
 3.6 
 
 Chemicals 
 3.1 
 
 Media 
 3.1 
 
 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 
 2.7 

Listed below are our top ten portfolio companies
and industries represented as a percentage of total assets (excluding short-term investments) as of December 31, 2021: 

Portfolio Company 
 2021 
 
 Vision Solutions, Inc. 
 1.1 
 
 Inmar, Inc. 
 1.1 
 
 Idera, Inc. 
 1.1 
 
 Peraton Corp. 
 1.0 
 
 Acrisure, LLC 
 0.9 
 
 Help/Systems Holdings, Inc. 
 0.9 
 
 Quest Software US Holdings Inc 
 0.8 
 
 Dotdash Meredith, Inc. 
 0.8 
 
 Micro Holding Corp. 
 0.8 
 
 Specialty Building Products Holdings, LLC 
 0.8 

Industry 
 2021 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 10.5 
 
 Software 
 10.0 
 
 IT Services 
 9.2 
 
 Professional Services 
 6.3 
 
 Insurance 
 5.6 
 
 Media 
 3.8 
 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 3.4 
 
 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 
 3.1 
 
 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 
 2.9 
 
 Building Products 
 2.9 

2 

The Investment Advisor 

The Investment Advisor serves
as our investment adviser pursuant to the Advisory Agreement and manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment advisory
and management services and certain administrative services. The investment team (the Investment Team of our Investment
Advisor is responsible for identifying investment opportunities, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments, structuring
our investments and monitoring and servicing our investments. As of December 31, 2022, the Investment Team was comprised of 23 investment
professionals, all of whom dedicate a substantial portion of their time to the Company. In addition, the team has five dedicated operations
professionals. In addition, the Investment Advisor believes that it has best-in-class support personnel, including expertise in risk management,
legal, accounting, tax, information technology and compliance, among others. 

The Investment Team employs
a blend of top-down and bottom-up analysis. The senior members of the Investment Team have been actively involved in the alternative credit
investing market for an average of 20 years and have built strong relationships with private equity sponsors, banks and financial intermediaries.
The Investment Advisor has an investment committee (the Investment Committee comprised of four members that is responsible
for approving all of our investments and is responsible for the day to day management of the portfolio. See Item 1. Business Investment
Committee below for a discussion of the Investment Committee. 

The Investment Advisor has
entered into a Resource Sharing Agreement (the Resource Sharing Agreement with Palmer Square, pursuant to which Palmer
Square provides the Investment Advisor with access to the resources of Palmer Square, including the Investment Team, so as to enable the
Investment Advisor to fulfill its obligations under the Advisory Agreement. Through the Resource Sharing Agreement, the Investment Advisor
capitalizes on the significant deal origination, credit underwriting, due diligence, investment structuring, execution, portfolio management
and monitoring experience of Palmer Square s investment professionals. 

Palmer Square Capital Management 

Palmer Square is a Delaware
limited liability company formed in 2009 and had approximately 25.4 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2022.
Palmer Square manages portfolios of both corporate credit and structured credit as well as diverse strategies designed with the intent
to achieve high risk-adjusted returns over market cycles. We believe Palmer Square s experience in analyzing companies and investment
structures provides a sustainable competitive advantage over other firms. Palmer Square is 100 management owned and led by Christopher
D. Long and Angie K. Long. The firm is an SEC registered investment adviser. 

3 

Investment Advisory Agreement 

Subject to the overall supervision
of our Board and in accordance with the 1940 Act, the Investment Advisor manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory
services to us. Under the terms of the Advisory Agreement, our Investment Advisor: 

determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 

identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make; 

performs due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; 

executes, closes, services and monitors the investments we make; 

determines the securities and other assets that we purchase, retain or sell; and 

provides us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of our funds. 

Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement,
we pay the Investment Advisor a fee for its investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management
fee and, subsequent to the listing of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange (a Listing ), an
incentive fee (the Income Incentive Fee ). The cost of both the base management fee and, subsequent to a Listing, the Income
Incentive Fee, is ultimately borne by our stockholders. 

Base Management Fee 

In return for providing management
services to the Company, the Company pays the Investment Advisor a base management fee, calculated and paid quarterly at an annual rate
of 2.00 of the average value of the weighted average (based on the number of shares outstanding each day in the quarter) of the Company s
total net assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. The base management fee for any partial quarter will
be pro-rated based on the number of days actually elapsed in that quarter relative to the total number of days in such quarter. 

The Investment Advisor, however,
has agreed to waive its right to receive management fees in excess of 1.75 of the total net assets during any period prior to a Listing.
If a Listing does not occur, such fee waiver will remain in place through liquidation of the Company. The Investment Advisor will not
be permitted to recoup any waived amounts at any time and the waiver may only be modified or terminated prior to a Listing with the approval
of the Board. 

4 

Incentive Fee 

Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement,
the Investment Advisor is not entitled to an incentive fee prior to a Listing. Following a Listing, the Investment Advisor will be entitled
to the Income Incentive Fee based on the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income for the then most recently completed
calendar quarter, as adjusted downward (but not upward) if over the most recently completed and three preceding calendar quarters aggregate
net realized losses on the Company s investments exceed the Company s aggregate net investment income over the same period,
excluding the most recently completed quarter, as described in more detail below. In this regard, if the Company s net realized
losses over the most recently completed and three preceding calendar quarters are greater than the Company s net investment income
over the same period, excluding the most recently completed quarter, then the pre-incentive fee net income used in the calculation of
the Income Incentive Fee would be subject to a downward adjustment. The amount of the adjustment would be equal to the amount by which
such net realized losses exceed such net investment income. On the other hand, if the Company s net investment income over the most
recently completed and three preceding calendar quarters is equal to or greater than the Company s net realized losses over the
same period, excluding the most recently completed quarter, then no adjustment to pre-incentive fee net investment income would be made.
The Income Incentive Fee will be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears commencing with the first calendar quarter following a Listing.
The Company will pay the Investment Advisor an Income Incentive Fee with respect to its adjusted net investment income in
each calendar quarter as follows: 

no Income Incentive Fee in any calendar quarter in which the Company s adjusted net investment income does not exceed an amount equal to a hurdle rate of 1.5 per quarter (6 annualized) of the Company s total net assets at the end of that quarter (the Hurdle Amount 

100 of the Company s adjusted net investment income with respect to that portion of such adjusted net investment income, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle Amount but is less than or equal to an amount (the Catch-Up Amount determined on a quarterly basis by multiplying 1.6875 by the Company s total net asset value for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. The Catch-Up Amount is intended to provide the Investment Advisor with an incentive fee of 12.5 on all of the Company s adjusted net investment income when the Company s adjusted net investment income reaches the Catch-Up Amount in any calendar quarter; and 

for any calendar quarter in which the Company s adjusted net investment income exceeds the Catch-Up Amount, the Income Incentive Fee shall equal 12.5 of the amount of the Company s adjusted net investment income for the calendar quarter. 

Adjusted net investment
income means the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income during the then most recently completed
calendar quarter minus the difference, if positive, between (i) the Company s net realized losses over the then most
recently completed and three preceding calendar quarters (or if shorter, the number of calendar quarters that have occurred since the
Listing) and (ii) the Company s net investment income over the three preceding calendar quarters (or if shorter, the
number of calendar quarters that have occurred since the Listing). No adjustment (downward or upward) will be made to pre-incentive
fee net investment income if the difference between clause (i) minus clause (ii) is zero or negative. 

Pre-incentive fee net
investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees such as commitment, origination,
structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies but excluding fees for providing
managerial assistance) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee,
any expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any outstanding preferred stock,
but excluding the Income Incentive Fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with
a deferred interest feature such as market discount, original issue discount OID ), debt instruments with payment-in-kind PIK interest, preferred stock with PIK dividends and zero-coupon securities, accrued income that the Company has not yet
received in cash. 

5 

Net realized losses 
in respect of a particular period means the difference, if positive, between (i) the aggregate realized capital losses on the Company s
investments in such period and (ii) the aggregate realized capital gains on the Company s investments in such period. Net
investment income in respect of the particular period means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any
other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio
companies but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the particular period, minus operating expenses for the
particular period (including the base management fee, the Income Incentive Fee, any expenses payable under the Administration Agreement,
and any interest expense and dividends paid on any outstanding preferred stock). Net investment income includes, in the
case of investments with a deferred interest feature such as market discount, OID, debt instruments with PIK interest, preferred stock
with PIK dividends and zero-coupon securities, accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. 

The Income Incentive Fee amount,
or the calculations pertaining thereto, as appropriate, will be pro-rated for any period less than a full calendar quarter. 

The following is a graphical
representation of the calculation of the Income Incentive Fee based on adjusted net investment income that will be in place
subsequent to a Listing: 

Example 1 Income Incentive Fee: 

Assumptions 

Hurdle rate (1) = 1.5 

Base management fee (2) = 0.50 

Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3) = 0.20 

6 

Alternative 1 

Additional Assumptions 

Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income - (base management fee + other expenses)) = 0.55 

Net realized losses (realized capital losses realized capital gains) = 0.00 (4) 

Adjusted net investment income (pre-incentive fee net investment income ([ if positive ] (net realized losses - net investment income))) = 0.55 (5) 

Adjusted net investment income does not exceed
the hurdle rate, therefore there is no Income Incentive Fee. 

Alternative 2 

Additional Assumptions 

Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.30 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income - (base management fee + other expenses)) = 1.60 

Net realized losses (realized capital losses realized capital gains) = 0.00 (4) 

Adjusted net investment income (pre-incentive fee net investment income ([ if positive ] (net realized losses - net investment income))) = 1.60 (5) 

Adjusted net investment income exceeds hurdle
rate, therefore there is an Income Incentive Fee. 

Income Incentive
Fee 

= 100 Catch-Up + the
greater of 0 AND (12.5 (adjusted net investment income 1.6875 

= (100 (1.6000 - 1.5000 )) + 0 

= 100 0.1000 

= 0.1000 

(1) Represents
a quarter of the 6.0 annualized hurdle rate. 

(2) Represents
a quarter of the 2.0 annualized base management fee. 

(3) Excludes
offering expenses. 

(4) The
calculation of realized capital losses and realized capital gains are amounts over the four calendar quarters
immediately preceding the payment date. 

(5) If
the amount of net realized losses over the most recently completed and three calendar quarters preceding the payment date exceeds the
amount of net investment income over the same period, excluding the most recently completed quarter, then the amount of adjusted net
investment income is reduced by that amount. Otherwise, the amount of adjusted net investment income is not changed. 

7 

Alternative 3 

Additional Assumptions 

Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.70 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income - (base management fee + other expenses)) = 2.00 

Net realized losses (realized capital losses realized capital gains) = 0.00 (4) 

Adjusted net investment income (pre-incentive fee net investment income ([ if positive ] (net realized losses - net investment income))) = 2.00 (5) 

Adjusted net investment income exceeds hurdle
rate, therefore there is an Income Incentive Fee. 

Income Incentive Fee 

= 100 Catch-Up + the
greater of 0 AND (12.5 (adjusted net investment income - 1.6875 

= (100 (1.6875 - 1.5000 )) + (12.5 
 (2.0000 - 1.6875 )) 

= 0.1875 + (12.5 
0.3125 

= 0.1875 + 0.0039 

= 0.1914 

Alternative 4 

Additional Assumptions 

Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.30 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income - (base management fee + other expenses)) = 1.60 

Net realized losses (realized capital losses realized capital gains) = 9.00 (4) 

Adjusted net investment income (pre-incentive fee net investment income ([ if positive ] (net realized losses - net investment income))) (5) (6) 

= 1.60 - (9.00 - 8.00 

= 1.60 - 1.00 

= 0.60 

Adjusted net investment income does not exceed
the hurdle rate, therefore there is no Income Incentive Fee. 

(4) The
calculation of realized capital losses and realized capital gains are amounts over the four calendar quarters
immediately preceding the payment date. 

(5) If
the amount of net realized losses over the most recently completed and three calendar quarters preceding the payment date exceeds the
amount of net investment income over the same period, excluding the most recently completed quarter, then the amount of adjusted net
investment income is reduced by that amount. Otherwise, the amount of adjusted net investment income is not changed. 

(6) The
example assumes 8.00 net investment income over the three calendar quarters preceding the most recently completed quarter. 

8 

Payment of Our Expenses 

All professionals of the Investment
Advisor, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services to us, and the compensation and routine
overhead expenses of personnel allocable to these services to us, are provided and paid for by the Investment Advisor and not by us. We
bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions. 

Duration and Termination 

The Advisory Agreement was
approved by the Board on November 13, 2019 for an initial two-year term. Unless terminated earlier as described below, the Advisory Agreement
will remain in effect from year to year if approved annually by our Board or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our
outstanding voting securities, and, in either case, if also approved by a majority of our Independent Directors. Our Board most recently
determined to re-approve the Advisory Agreement for an additional one-year term ending January 13, 2024 at a meeting held on November
10, 2022. The Advisory Agreement automatically terminates in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act, by the Investment
Advisor and may be terminated by either party without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other. The holders
of a majority of our outstanding voting securities may also terminate the Advisory Agreement without penalty upon 60 days written
notice. 

The Advisory Agreement provides
that, absent criminal conduct, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the
reckless disregard of its duties and obligations under the Advisory Agreement, the Investment Advisor and its professionals and any other
person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of our Investment Advisor s
services under the Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our investment adviser. 

Administration Agreement 

The Company has entered into
the Administration Agreement with the Administrator. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator furnishes office facilities
and equipment and provides clerical, bookkeeping, compliance, recordkeeping and other administrative services at such facilities. Under
the Administration Agreement, the Administrator performs, or oversees the performance of, required administrative services, which include
being responsible for the financial and other records that the Company is required to maintain and preparing reports to stockholders and
reports and other materials filed with the SEC. In addition, the Administrator assists the Company in determining and publishing the Company s
net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports and other materials
to stockholders, and generally overseeing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered
to the Company by others. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator also provides managerial assistance on the Company s
behalf to those portfolio companies that have accepted the offer to provide such assistance. 

Under the Administration Agreement,
the Company reimburses the Administrator based upon its allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead (including rent) in performing
its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions
and the Company s allocable portion of the cost of its officers (including the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief
Compliance Officer), and any of their respective staff who provide services to the Company, operations staff who provide services to the
Company, and internal audit staff, if any, to the extent internal audit performs a role in the Company s Sarbanes-Oxley internal
control assessment. In addition, if requested to provide managerial assistance to portfolio companies, the Administrator is reimbursed
based on the services provided. The Administration Agreement has an initial term of two years and may be renewed with the approval of
the Board. Our Board most recently determined to re-approve the Administration Agreement for an additional one-year term ending January
13, 2024 at a meeting held on November 10, 2022. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60
days written notice to the other party. To the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions, the Company pays
the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without any incremental profit to the Administrator. 

9 

In addition, the Administrator
has, pursuant to the Sub-Administration Agreement, engaged the Sub-Administrator to act on behalf of the Company s Administrator
in the performance of certain other administrative services. The Company has also engaged U.S. Bank, National Association or its affiliates US Bank directly to serve as custodian, transfer agent, distribution paying agent and registrar. 

Market Opportunity 

The Investment Team believes
that existing market conditions, including those set forth below, have combined to create an attractive investment environment for us: 

Risk Adjusted Returns .
Broadly-syndicated fixed and floating rate loans and corporate debt provides an opportunity set that the Investment Team believes offers
an attractive, risk-adjusted return. Specifically, the Investment Team believes it can mitigate risk and achieve our investment objective
by: (i) seeking the best relative value, which may equate to buying new loans or other corporate debt issuances at a discount or purchasing
in the secondary market, and (ii) seeking to buy loans or other corporate debt issuances that the Investment Team believes have strong
fundamentals and low default risk and are capable of withstanding significant downward pricing pressure. 

Expansion of Corporate
Debt Market . The corporate debt market segment on which the Investment Team focuses is industry diverse and large, and includes small
to large U.S. companies. In addition, we believe that private equity sponsors have a large pool of uninvested private equity capital.
The Investment Team believes private equity firms are poised to deploy meaningful amounts of capital, thus creating ongoing investment
opportunities for private lenders such as us. 

Regulatory Environment
and Opportunity for Alternative Lenders . Traditional banks have reduced their lending activities to smaller private companies in recent
years and bank stakeholders, including shareholders, lenders and regulators, continue to exert pressure to contain the amount of these
types of assets held on bank balance sheets. Examples of this include continued investor focus on the amount of assets whose fair value
cannot be determined by using observable measures, or Level 3 assets, held on bank balance sheets. As a result, of decreased
lending by banks to smaller private companies, the Investment Team believes there are increased opportunities for alternative lenders
such as us to fill the void. 

CLO Equity and Debt .
The Investment Team believes that CLO equity and debt has been a tremendous source of returns for investors historically, and has the
potential to offer investors high cash on cash returns with low credit risk and low correlation to traditional assets classes. Because
CLO securities are floating rate instruments designed to mitigate interest rate sensitivity, investors may not directly suffer the same
adverse effects that other asset classes may experience due to rising interest rates. The Investment Team has a strong track record of
investing in CLO equity and debt, and believes that CLO investments continue to offer attractive relative value. 

Financing Arrangements 

Bank of America Credit Facility 

On February 18, 2020, the
Company, through a special purpose wholly-owned subsidiary, Palmer Square BDC Funding I LLC PS BDC Funding and together
with the Company, the Borrowers entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with certain financial
institutions as lenders Lenders ), Bank of America, N.A. as the administrative agent BofA N.A. and BofA
Securities, Inc. BofA Securities ), as Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager, pursuant to which the Lenders agreed to provide
the Company with a revolving line of credit (the BoA Credit Facility ). 

10 

Under the BoA Credit Facility,
which matures on February 18, 2025, the Lenders have agreed to extend credit to PS BDC Funding in an aggregate amount up to the Commitment
(as defined in the Credit Agreement) amount. The Commitment amount for the BoA Credit Facility was 200.0 million as of the closing date
of the Credit Agreement, increased to 400.0 million on the one-month anniversary of the closing date, further increased to 475.0 million
on October 12, 2020, and further increased to 725 million on September 29, 2021. The Borrowers ability to draw under the BoA Credit
Facility is scheduled to terminate on February 11, 2025. All amounts outstanding under the BoA Credit Facility are required to be repaid
by February 18, 2025. 

The loans under the BoA Credit
Facility may be base rate loans or eurocurrency rate loans. The base rate loans will bear interest at the base rate plus 1.30 , and the
eurocurrency rate loans will bear interest at the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus 1.30 . The base rate 
will be equal to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.5 , (b) the prime rate and (c) LIBOR. The Credit Agreement includes
fallback language in the event that LIBOR becomes unavailable. Interest pursuant to base rate loans is payable quarterly in arrears, and
interest pursuant to eurocurrency loans is payable either quarterly or monthly, as specified by the Borrowers in a loan notice pertaining
thereto. The Credit Agreement requires the payment of a commitment fee of 0.50 for unused Commitments until the four-month anniversary
of the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Thereafter, the commitment fee is 0.50 on unused Commitments up to 30 of the BoA Credit
Facility, and 1.30 on unused Commitments in excess of 30 of the BoA Credit Facility. Such fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The advance
rate for PS BDC Funding s Eligible Collateral Assets ranges from 40 for Second Lien Bank Loans to 70 for First Lien Bank Loans
that are B Assets to 100 for Cash (excluding Excluded Amounts) (as each such term is defined in the Credit Agreement). 

PS BDC Funding has pledged
all of its assets to BofA N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent, to secure its obligations under the BoA Credit Facility. Both
the Company and PS BDC Funding have made customary representations and warranties and are required to comply with various covenants, reporting
requirements, and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. Borrowing under the BoA Credit Facility is subject to the
leverage restrictions contained in the 1940 Act and PS BDC Funding complies with 1940 Act provisions relating to affiliated transactions
and custody. The custodian of the assets pledged to BofA N.A. pursuant to the BoA Credit Facility is U.S. Bank National Administration.
The obligations under the Credit Agreement may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Credit Agreement, including
in the event of a change of control of PS BDC Funding or if the Investment Advisor ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Company. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had approximately 514.5 million principal outstanding and 210.5 million of available Commitments under the BoA Credit Facility, and
PS BDC Funding was in compliance with the applicable covenants in the BoA Credit Facility on such date. 

Wells Fargo Credit Facility 

On December 18, 2020, the
Company, through a special purpose wholly-owned subsidiary, Palmer Square BDC Funding II LLC PS BDC Funding II and together
with the Company, the WF Borrowers entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Loan Agreement with certain
financial institutions as lenders WF Lenders ), Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as the administrative agent WFB and U.S. Bank National Association U.S. Bank ), as Collateral Agent and Custodian, pursuant to which the WF Lenders agreed
to provide the Company with a line of credit (the WF Credit Facility ). 

Under the WF Credit Facility,
which matures on December 18, 2025, the WF Lenders have agreed to extend credit to PS BDC Funding II in an aggregate amount up to the
Facility Amount (as defined in the Loan Agreement). The Facility Amount for the WF Credit Facility was 150.0 million as of the closing
date of the Loan Agreement. The WF Borrowers ability to draw under the WF Credit Facility is scheduled to terminate on December
18, 2023. All amounts outstanding under the WF Credit Facility are required to be repaid by December 18, 2025. 

11 

The loans under the WF Credit
Facility may be Broadly Syndicated Loans or Middle Market Loans and shall be eurocurrency rate loans unless such rate is unavailable,
in which case the loans shall be base rate loans until such rate is available. Broadly Syndicated Loans will bear interest at the LIBOR
or base rate, as applicable, plus 1.85 , and Middle Market Loans will bear interest at LIBOR or base rate, as applicable, plus 2.35 .
The base rate will be equal to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.5 and (b) the prime rate. The Loan Agreement
includes fallback language in the event that LIBOR becomes unavailable. Interest is payable quarterly, as determined by the WFB as the
administrative agent. Following the Second Amendment of the WF Credit Facility, the Loan Agreement requires the payment of a non-usage
fee of (x) during the first thirteen months following the closing of the WF Credit Facility, 0.50 multiplied by daily unused Facility
Amounts, (y) between thirteen and sixteen months following the closing of the WF Credit Facility, 0.50 multiplied by the lesser of (1)
daily unused Facility Amounts and (2) 50 of the Facility Amount plus 2.00 multiplied by the greater of (i) the difference between the
daily unused Facility Amount and 50 of the Facility Amount and (ii) zero, and, (z) thereafter, 0.50 multiplied by the lesser of (1)
daily unused Facility Amounts and (2) 20 of the Facility Amount plus 2.00 multiplied by the greater of (i) the difference between the
daily unused Facility Amount and 20 of the Facility Amount and (ii) zero. Such fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The WF Credit Facility
includes the option to downsize the facility by paying a Commitment Reduction Fee. The Fee is equal to 2.00 of the facility reduction
amount prior to the one year anniversary of the closing of the WF Credit Facility, and 1.00 thereafter. The applicable percentage for
PS BDC Funding II s Eligible Loans ranges from 67.5 for Middle Market Loans to 70 for Broadly Syndicated Loans (as each such term
is defined in the Loan Agreement). 

PS BDC Funding II has pledged
all of its assets to U.S. Bank, in its capacity as Collateral Agent, to secure its obligations under the WF Credit Facility and U.S. Bank
acts as the custodian of such assets. Both the Company and PS BDC Funding II have made customary representations and warranties and are
required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements, and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. Borrowing
under the WF Credit Facility is subject to the leverage restrictions contained in the 1940 Act and PS BDC Funding II complies with 1940
Act provisions relating to affiliated transactions and custody. The obligations under the Loan Agreement may be accelerated upon the occurrence
of an event of default under the Loan Agreement, including in the event of a change of control of PS BDC Funding II, if the Investment
Advisor ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Company, or if Palmer Square or its affiliates cease to directly or indirectly own
a majority of the membership interests of the Investment Advisor. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had 126.8 million principal outstanding and 23.2 million of available Commitments under the WF Credit Facility, and PS BDC Funding II
was in compliance with the applicable covenants in the WF Credit Facility on such date. 

Investment Criteria for Evaluating Investment
Opportunities 

The Company s investment
objective is to maximize total return, comprised of current income and capital appreciation. However, no assurance can be given that the
Company s investment objective will be achieved, and investment results may vary substantially on a monthly, quarterly and annual
basis. The Investment Advisor believes that the Company s investment objective can be achieved by primarily investing in first and
second lien secured loans of small to large private U.S. companies, and to a lesser extent CLO structured credit funds that typically
own senior secured bank loans of public and private companies. First and second lien secured loans generally are senior debt instruments
that rank ahead of unsecured debt of a given portfolio company. These loans also have the benefit of security interests on the assets
of the portfolio company, which may rank ahead of or be junior to other security interests. A significant portion of the loans in which
the Company may invest or obtain exposure to through its investments in structured securities may be deemed Covenant-Lite Loans, 
which means the loans contain fewer or no maintenance covenants than other loans and do not include terms which allow the lender to monitor
the performance of the borrower and declare a default if certain criteria are breached. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks
Related to our Investments Covenant-Lite Loans below. 

12 

We seek to maximize returns
and minimize risk for our investors by applying detailed, fundamental credit analysis to make and monitor our portfolio investments. While
the structure of our investments may vary, the Company can invest in senior secured debt, senior unsecured debt, subordinated secured
debt, subordinated unsecured debt, convertible debt, convertible preferred equity, preferred equity, common equity, warrants and other
instruments, many of which generate current yield. Structurally, CLOs are entities that are formed to hold a portfolio of senior secured
loans made to companies whose debt is generally rated below investment grade or, in limited circumstances, unrated. The senior secured
loans within a CLO are limited to senior secured loans which meet specified credit and diversity criteria and are subject to concentration
limitations in order to create an investment portfolio that is diverse by senior secured loan, borrower, and industry, with limitations
on the number of non-U.S. borrowers. 

In addition, to a lesser extent,
portfolio investments may also include, but are not limited to, corporate structured credit, cash and synthetic CLOs, collateralized debt
obligations (each, a CDO ), swaps, asset backed securities, corporate bonds of large U.S. and non-U.S. companies, corporate
bank loans, preferred stock, municipal bonds or loans and convertible securities. The Company seeks to invest in credit and other assets
that the Investment Advisor believes have strong structural protections, limited downside, and low long-term beta to the broader credit
and equity markets. 

While not our primary investment
objective, our investments may include other equity investments, such as warrants, options to buy a minority interest in a portfolio company,
or contractual payment rights or rights to receive a proportional interest in the operating cash flow or net income of such company. When
determined by the Investment Advisor to be in our best interest, we may acquire a controlling interest in a portfolio company. Any warrants
we receive with our debt securities may require only a nominal cost to exercise, and thus, as a portfolio company appreciates in value,
we may achieve additional investment return from this equity interest. 

Our Investment Advisor may
sell all or a portion of a position of the Company s portfolio holdings when, in its opinion, one or more of the following occurs,
among other reasons: (1) the deterioration of an issuer s fundamentals; (2) changes in business strategy or key personnel; (3) rating
agency downgrades or a decline in credit quality metrics; or (4) the Investment Advisor finds more attractive investment opportunities
for the Company. 

The Investment Advisor has
the ability to invest in both illiquid and less liquid securities. The Investment Advisor may employ leverage, including through borrowing
funds or issuing senior securities, and use derivatives, both for hedging purposes and to earn income and enhance total returns. The Investment
Advisor may employ techniques to hedge investment risk, including without limitation, the use of forward contracts, currency options and
interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors. The Investment Advisor may use derivatives to earn income and enhance total returns by
investing in derivatives securities and monitoring such investments to ensure that each holding is maintaining its investment potential. 

Investment Approach 

We seek to achieve our investment
objective by applying rigorous credit analysis and asset-based and cash-flow based lending techniques to make and monitor our investments.
We are routinely pursuing multiple investment opportunities, including primary and secondary purchases of securities. 

The Investment Advisor employs
a blend of top-down and bottom-up analysis. The top-down approach has three components: (1) macro analysis whereby the Investment Team
undertakes frequent dialogues among its team members regarding macro items including the economic outlook, financial and credit markets,
new and secondary issues, regulatory changes, M A environment, and valuation levels; (2) cross-asset relative value analysis which
consists of the Investment Team analyzing various asset classes across the credit spectrum for strong relative value opportunities (e.g.,
analysis of valuation metrics across loans, bonds, convertibles, CLOs and mortgage credits to identify and monitor optimal risk / reward
opportunities); and (3) active monitoring by the Investment Team of the major sectors within corporate credit, such as software and technology,
healthcare and business services. With regard to the bottom-up analysis, the Investment Team undertakes frequent dialogue discussing key
analyses including items such as determining an issuer s ability to service debt, measuring past performance and understanding the
approach of the management team and their ability to meet goals, deal structure model analysis, document analysis and other financial
modeling and scenario testing. Finally, the bottom-up analysis includes specific analysis. For example, within the credit spectrum, the
team also seeks to evaluate many trade specifics including liquidity, position size, upside/downside, and relative versus absolute value. 

13 

We believe our vast experience
in analyzing and investing in corporate and structured credit provides us with a strong competitive advantage over other lenders with
more limited experience investing in these markets. The Investment Advisor has deep expertise in evaluating, underwriting, monitoring
and trading senior secured first lien, second lien term loans and other corporate debt securities. In addition, the Investment Advisor
also has deep expertise in evaluating the investment merits and structural considerations of CLO debt and equity investments. 

Our capital is generally used
by our corporate borrowers to finance organic growth, acquisitions, recapitalizations and working capital. Our investment decisions are
based on extensive analysis of potential portfolio companies business operations supported by an in-depth understanding of the
quality of their recurring revenues and cash flow, variability of costs and the inherent value of their assets, including proprietary
intangible assets and intellectual property. In making our CLO investments, we consider the indenture structure for that vehicle, its
operating characteristics and compliance with its various indenture provisions, the collateral manager and its experience managing CLOs,
as well as its corporate loan-based collateral pool. 

The Investment Advisor believes
it can mitigate risk by: (i) seeking the best relative value, which may equate to buying new loans and CLO debt and equity in the primary
market at a discount or purchasing in the secondary market, and (ii) seeking to buy loans and CLO debt and equity that the Investment
Advisor believes have strong fundamentals and low default risk capable of withstanding significant downward pricing pressure. 

Investment Process Senior Secured Loans 

The Investment Advisor s
senior secured loan investment strategy has been consistent throughout multiple credit environments and is predicated on the view that
a conservative approach to investing in first lien and second lien senior secured loans is the optimal strategy over the course of a credit
cycle. Given the idiosyncratic nature of secured loans, our Investment Team focuses on downside protection and overall credit quality
when evaluating each and every loan borrower. 

The Investment Team evaluates
many factors during the due diligence phase, including: company-specific risk, industry risk, balance sheet risk, cash flow generation,
liquidity of the loan, in addition to other factors. The aggregate output of this information provides a building block for deeper financial
analysis, including base-case financial projections, and more importantly, downside-case financial projections. Once the initial research
process is completed, the Investment Team makes an informed decision on the quality of a particular loan and whether or not it meets our
strict criteria for investment. 

Corporate credit analysts
at the Investment Advisor are each responsible for coverage of specific industries. Our Investment Advisor believes that in order to appropriately
analyze and underwrite senior secured loans, each analyst has to be an expert in their respective industry verticals. As a result, the
Investment Advisor s corporate credit analysts average over 12 years of experience in broadly syndicated and small to large company
credit. As it relates to the due diligence process, each analyst draws not only on their personal analytical skillset, but also utilize
their networks within the industry. This can include calls and visits with existing company management teams, former industry CEOs, industry
experts, private equity sponsors and industry investment bankers. The aggregate of this initial information gathering then lays the groundwork
for fundamental financial analysis and detailed financial modeling, whereby the credit analyst constructs a base case and downside case
set of projections. 

At the conclusion of the due
diligence process, the credit analyst presents a formal investment memorandum to the entire Investment Team, which includes the Investment
Committee (which averages over 25 years of credit investing experience) and all industry credit analysts. Our Investment Advisor views
this part of our process as unique across credit investment firms but believes that this more fulsome and collaborative process leads
to better investment decisions. Ultimately the Investment Committee needs to have a unanimous vote in order to approve any of our investments,
working in collaboration with our Chief Investment Officer and the Investment Advisor s loan portfolio manager to size the position
appropriately for the risk. 

14 

Of equal importance, the monitoring
phase of each loan investment is critical to the ultimate success of the loan position. Detailed quarterly writeups and model updates
are done for each credit after they report earnings. However, the monitoring process is not just a quarterly event as credit analysts
are digesting daily information and news regarding our borrowers, their industries and their competitors. 

Investment Process CLO Debt and Equity

The Investment Advisor s
CLO debt and equity investment strategy has also been consistent throughout multiple credit environments and is focused on three main
areas: structure and documentation of the CLO, the underlying portfolio of the CLO, and the collateral manager of the CLO. 

The structures of CLOs have
become more robust since the pre-financial crisis era, with subordination of each rated tranche essentially improving by one rating category
(i.e., a current BBB-rated tranche may have similar credit support from a subordination perspective as a pre-financial crisis A-rated
tranche). CLO equity leverage is also lower from the pre-financial crisis era, with the equity tranche now representing approximately
9-10 of current structures versus approximately 7 in pre-crisis structures. The Investment Advisor believes that no two CLO structures
are identical, thus it is critical to analyze the nuances of each structure and the underlying documentation. For example, CLOs with higher
overcollateralization cushions can help protect CLO equity from future cash diversion in a stressed scenario. From a documentation standpoint,
while post-financial crisis documents are more standardized, our Investment Team works to understand the nuances of each CLO, such as
optional redemption rights, collateral quality limitations, reinvestment language optionality, and the ability to flush excess par to
the equity holders. 

A second critical aspect of
the CLO investment process is the Investment Advisor s focus on the overall portfolio characteristics and underlying loans within
a CLO. From a top-down perspective we focus on the weighted-average rating factor WARF ), diversity, spread, loan bid depth,
facility size, rating distribution and price distribution of the entire portfolio. For example, two portfolios with a weighted-average
price of 98.00 may have very different overall portfolio characteristics, such as a higher concentration in lower-rated loans, which
could lead to issues during a downgrade cycle. In addition, given our strong corporate credit investment team, we focus on the individual
names of the underlying portfolio, with great focus on any loans we perceive to have heightened credit risk. 

The collateral manager of
the CLO is the third aspect the Investment Advisor spends a significant amount of its due diligence effort analyzing. The Investment Advisor
tracks data compiled from third-party sources such as Intex, Moody s Analytics and Bloomberg, as well as proprietary internal systems
to create a detailed analysis of the CLO collateral manager universe. This process leads to rankings of collateral managers based on all
of these criteria. In addition to the analytical and statistical process, the Investment Advisor also performs due diligence on collateral
managers via in-person meetings and via telephone calls. Our goal is to meet the collateral managers we invest in at least twice per year. 

Investment Process ESG Integration 

We believe that integrating
environmental, social and corporate governance ESG criteria should be an important component of our investment philosophy
and process. Effective March 1, 2021, we have implemented policies and procedures to screen for ESG criteria in our potential investments,
and our Investment Committee is responsible for monitoring our investments to ensure that our ESG guidelines are met. 

Our ESG guidelines state that
we will not directly purchase any Prohibited ESG Security. We define a Prohibited ESG Security as any debt
obligation of, equity interest in, or credit default swap referencing a company where the consolidated group is a group whose Primary
Business Activity (as defined below) at the time of purchase is: (i) the speculative extraction of oil and gas (commonly referred to as
exploration and production); (ii) the speculative extraction of thermal coal or the generation of electricity using coal; (iii) the production
of or trade in Controversial Weapons (as defined below); (iv) the production of or trade in components or services that have been specifically
designed or designated for military purposes for the functioning of Controversial Weapons; or (v) the trade in (a) hazardous chemicals,
pesticides and wastes, ozone depleting substances, endangered or protected wildlife or wildlife products, of which production or trade
is banned by applicable global conventions and agreements; (b) pornography or prostitution; (c) tobacco or tobacco-related products; (d)
subprime lending or payday lending activities; or (e) weapons or firearms. We define Controversial Weapons as any controversial
weapons (such as cluster bombs, anti-personnel mines, chemical or biological weapons) which are prohibited under applicable international
treaties or conventions. We define Primary Business Activity as, in relation to a consolidated group of companies, for the
purposes of determining whether a security is a Prohibited ESG Security, where such group derives more than 50 percent of its revenues
for the relevant business, trade or production (as applicable). 

15 

Following its effectiveness
on March 1, 2021, our ESG guidelines are followed by our Investment Committee on a go-forward basis, and certain of our investments held
prior to March 1, 2021, including as set forth in the schedule of investments herein or in our prior quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and
annual reports on Form 10-K, may not have satisfied our newly adopted ESG guidelines. Our Investment Committee is responsible for the
execution and continued progress of integration of ESG criteria into our investment strategy, and will support efforts to collaborate
with our investors and others in the investment industry to assess and prioritize the ESG topics that are most relevant to the Company
and our investors. 

Investment Committee 

The Investment Advisor s
Investment Committee is chaired by Angie K. Long, and the other members of the Investment Committee are Christopher D. Long, Matthew L.
Bloomfield and Jeffrey D. Fox. The members of the Investment Committee are jointly responsible for the day to day management of the portfolio,
and have equal rights with respect to the management of the portfolio. The extensive experience of the investment professionals serving
on our Investment Committee includes expertise in privately originated and publicly traded leveraged credit, stressed and distressed debt,
bankruptcy, mergers and acquisitions and private equity. This diverse skill set provides a range of perspectives in the evaluation of
each investment opportunity. 

Competition 

Our primary competitors in
investing in corporate debt and CLO securities include public and private funds, other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, commercial
financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors
are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe
some competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher
risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships
than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC
or to the distribution and other requirements we must satisfy as a RIC. 

We use the expertise of the
investment professionals of Palmer Square to which we have access pursuant to the Resource Sharing Agreement to assess investment risks
and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. In addition, we seek to use the relationships of the Investment
Advisor to enable us to learn about, and compete effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive small to large private companies
in the industries in which we seek to invest. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Item
1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure Operation in a Highly Competitive Market for Investment Opportunities . 

Expenses 

Our primary operating
expenses include the payment of fees to the Investment Advisor under the Advisory Agreement, our allocable portion of overhead and rental
expenses under the Administration Agreement and other operating costs described below. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses
of our operations and transactions, including: 

interest expense and other costs associated with our indebtedness; 

the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 

16 

the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of shares of our common stock and other securities; 

fees payable to third parties relating to making investments, including our Investment Advisor s or its affiliates travel expenses, research costs and out-of-pocket fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence and reviews of prospective investments; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

operating costs incurred prior to the commencement of our operations; 

out-of-pocket fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

federal and state registration fees and any stock exchange listing fees; 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 

Independent Directors fees and expenses; 

brokerage commissions and markups; 

fidelity bond, directors and officers liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

direct costs, such as printing, mailing, long distance telephone and staff; 

fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs; 

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and other applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; and 

other expenses incurred by the Administrator or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement that will be based upon our allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of our Board) of overhead, including rental expenses. 

Employees 

We do not currently have any
employees. Each officer of the Company is an employee of the Investment Advisor or its affiliates. See Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

Our day-to-day investment
operations are managed by the Investment Advisor. Pursuant to its Resource Sharing Agreement with Palmer Square, the Investment Advisor
has access to the individuals who comprise our Investment Advisor s Investment Committee and Investment Team. The Investment Advisor
may hire additional investment professionals to provide services to us, based upon its needs. See above Item 1. Business 
The Investment Advisor . 

17 

Regulation as a Business Development Company 

We have elected to be regulated
as a BDC under the 1940 Act. A BDC must be organized in the United States for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private
companies and making significant managerial assistance available to them. 

We may not change the nature
of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting
securities, as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as
the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting
securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. 

As with other companies regulated
by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of our directors must be persons who are
not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. Additionally, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by
a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer
against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of
the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 

We are required to meet an
asset coverage ratio, defined under the 1940 Act as the ratio of our total assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented
by senior securities) to our outstanding senior securities, of at least 150 after each issuance of senior securities. 

We may also be prohibited
under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our directors
who are not interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. As a BDC,
we are limited in our ability to invest in any portfolio company in which our Investment Advisor or any of its affiliates currently has
an investment or to make any co-investments with our Investment Advisor or its affiliates without an exemptive order from the SEC, subject
to certain exceptions. 

We do not intend to acquire
securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, except for registered
money market funds, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any investment company, invest more than 5 of the
value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the
securities of investment companies in the aggregate. The portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies
ordinarily will subject our stockholders to additional expenses. Our investment portfolio is also subject to diversification requirements
by virtue of our qualification as a RIC for U.S. tax purposes and our intention to continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify for
the tax treatment applicable to RICs. 

We will generally not be able
to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options
or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value of our common stock if our Board determines that
such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. We will comply
with the conditions set forth in Section 63(2) of the 1940 Act when selling our common stock at a price below net asset value. In addition,
we may generally issue new shares of our common stock at a price below net asset value in rights offerings to existing stockholders, in
payment of dividends and in certain other limited circumstances. 

We will be periodically examined
by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 

18 

Qualifying Assets 

Under the 1940 Act, a BDC
may not acquire any assets other than assets of the type listed in section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying
assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The
principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 

Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the Company) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

satisfies any of the following: 

does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 

has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non- voting common equity of less than 250 million; 

is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 

is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million. 

Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control. 

Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

Limitations on Leverage 

We are required to meet an
asset coverage ratio, defined under the 1940 Act as the ratio of our total assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented
by senior securities) to our outstanding senior securities, of at least 150 after each issuance of senior securities. 

19 

Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 

A BDC must be operated for
the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described under Regulation as a Business Development Company Qualifying
Assets , above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC
must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities significant managerial
assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors,
officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does in fact provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management,
operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. 

Temporary Investments 

Pending investment in other
types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities
or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary
investments, such that at least 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. 

Code of Ethics 

We and our Investment Advisor
have adopted codes of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establish
procedures for personal investments and restrict certain transactions by our personnel. The codes of ethics generally do not permit investments
by our employees or employees of our Investment Advisor in securities that may be purchased or held by us. 

We hereby undertake to provide
a copy of the codes to any person, without charge, upon request. Requests for a copy of the codes may be made in writing addressed to
Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc., Attention: Secretary, 1900 Shawnee Mission Parkway, Suite 315, Mission Woods, Kansas 66205, or by emailing
us at: investorrelations@palmersquarecap.com. 

Compliance Policies and Procedures 

We and our Investment Advisor
have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities
laws and are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation
and designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 

20 

Exchange Act and Sarbanes-Oxley Act Compliance 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on certain publicly held companies and their
insiders. Assuming certain requirements are met, many of these requirements affect us. For example: 

pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer are required to certify the accuracy of the consolidated financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, subject to certain assumptions, our management is required to prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting and, depending on our accelerated filer status, this report may be required to be audited by our independent registered public accounting firm; and 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were material changes in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated
thereunder. We continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions
necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 

Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 

We have delegated our proxy
voting responsibility to our Investment Advisor. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of our Investment Advisor are set forth below.
The guidelines are reviewed periodically by our Investment Advisor and our Independent Directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 

An investment adviser registered
under the Advisers Act has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, our Investment Advisor
recognizes that it must vote client securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of its clients.
These policies and procedures for voting proxies for our Investment Advisor s investment advisory clients are intended to comply
with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 

Our Investment Advisor intends
to vote proxies relating to our securities in the best interest of the Company s stockholders. It reviews on a case-by-case basis
each proposal submitted for a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by the Company. Although our Investment
Advisor will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on the Company s portfolio securities, it may vote
for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. 

The proxy voting decisions
of our Investment Advisor are made by the senior officers who are responsible for monitoring each of the Company s investments.
To ensure that its vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, it will require that: (a) anyone involved in the decision-making
process disclose to its chief compliance officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has
had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (b) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration
are prohibited from revealing how our Investment Advisor intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from
interested parties. 

You may obtain information
without charge about how our Investment Advisor voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Palmer Square
Capital BDC Inc., 1900 Shawnee Mission Parkway, Suite 315, Mission Woods, Kansas 66205, Attention: Investor Relations. 

21 

Privacy Principles 

The Company looks to protect
nonpublic personal data. The Company s privacy policy summarized below is intended to be compliant with the federal and state regulations
as applied to the Company. 

From time to time nonpublic
personal information of our stockholders may be collected as required for legitimate business purposes. The Company may share all of the
information that we collect with our Investment Advisor and its affiliates in order to service stockholder accounts or provide stockholders
with information about other products and services offered by the Company or the Investment Advisor or its affiliates that may be of interest
to them. 

In addition, the Company may
disclose all of the information that it collects about stockholders to certain third parties who are not affiliated with the Company or
the Investment Advisor or its affiliates under one or more of the following circumstances: 

1. 
 As Authorized if a stockholder requests or authorizes disclosure of the information. 

2. 
 As Required by Law for example, to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities. 

3. 
 As Permitted by Law for example, sharing information with companies that maintain, process or service Company or stockholder accounts or financial products and services or who effect, administer or enforce Company or stockholder transactions is permitted. Among other activities, the Company and its Investment Advisor and its affiliates may share information with persons acting in a representative or fiduciary capacity on the Company s or a stockholder s behalf. The Company believes that sharing of information for these purposes is essential to providing stockholders with necessary or useful services with respect to their accounts. 

The Company and the Investment
Advisor and its affiliates restrict access to nonpublic personal information about stockholders internally to those of their respective
employees and agents who need to know the information to enable them to provide services to the stockholders. The Company and the Investment
Advisor and its affiliates maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard stockholder s nonpublic personal information. 

Reporting Obligations 

We are a reporting company
under the Exchange Act and are required to comply with all periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under
the Exchange Act. 

We will furnish our stockholders
with annual reports containing audited consolidated financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other periodic reports as we determine
to be appropriate or as may be required by law. As a BDC, we are required to file quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, annual reports on Form
10-K and current reports on Form 8-K with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements
and other information filed electronically by us with the SEC which is available on the SEC s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov. 

22 

Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 

The following discussion is
a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and to an investment in our shares. This summary
does not purport to be a complete description of the income tax considerations applicable to such an investment. For example, we have
not described tax consequences that may be relevant to certain types of holders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income
tax laws, including stockholders subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, dealers in securities,
pension plans and trusts, financial institutions, partnerships and other pass- through entities, U.S. stockholders (as defined below)
whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, persons who mark-to-market our shares and persons who hold our shares as part of a straddle, 
 hedge or conversion transaction. This summary assumes that investors hold our common stock as capital assets
(within the meaning of the Code). The discussion is based upon the Code, Treasury regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations,
each as of the date hereof and all of which are subject to change, possibly retroactively, which could affect the continuing validity
of this discussion. We have not sought and will not seek any ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS regarding
any matter discussed herein. Tax counsel has not rendered any legal opinion regarding any tax consequences relating to us or our stockholders.
This summary does not discuss any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or foreign, state or local tax. It does not discuss the special treatment
under U.S. federal income tax laws that could result if we invested in tax-exempt securities or certain other investment assets. 

For purposes of this discussion,
a U.S. stockholder generally is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock who is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 

a citizen or individual resident of the United States; 

a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof; 

a trust if (a) a court in the United States has primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (b) the trust has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person for federal income tax purposes; or 

an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. 

A Non-U.S. stockholder 
generally is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is not a U.S. stockholder. 

If a partnership (including
an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds shares of our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner
in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. A prospective stockholder
that is a partner in a partnership holding shares of our common stock should consult his, her or its tax advisers with respect to the
purchase, ownership and disposition of shares of our common stock. 

Tax matters are complicated
and the tax consequences to an investor of an investment in our shares will depend on the facts of the investor s particular situation.
We encourage investors to consult their own tax advisers regarding the specific consequences of such an investment, including tax reporting
requirements, the applicability of federal, state, local and foreign tax laws, including the potential application of U.S. withholding
taxes, eligibility for the benefits of any applicable tax treaty and the effect of any possible changes in the tax laws. 

Election to be Taxed as a RIC 

As a BDC, we have elected,
and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, beginning with our initial taxable year ending December 31, 2020.
As a RIC, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any income that we distribute to our stockholders
from our earnings and profits. To qualify for and maintain our qualification as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income
and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to obtain RIC tax treatment, we must timely distribute to our
stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary
income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses (the Annual
Distribution Requirement ). 

23 

Taxation as a RIC 

If we: 

qualify as a RIC; and 

satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, 

then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income
tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (generally defined as net long-term capital gains in
excess of short-term capital losses) we distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income
tax at regular corporate rates on any net income or net capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 

We will be subject to a nondeductible
U.S. federal excise tax of 4 on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the
sum of (1) 98 of our net ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year period ending
October 31 of that calendar year and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, in preceding years and on which we paid no federal
income tax Excise Tax Distribution Requirement ). 

To qualify as a RIC for federal
income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 

continue to qualify to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities, loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, net income from certain qualified publicly-traded partnerships, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities the 90 Income Test and 

diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

(i) 
 at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer; and 

(ii) 
 no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or in the securities of one or more qualified publicly-traded partnerships, (the Diversification Tests ). 

To the extent that we invest
in entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership ),
we generally must include the items of gross income derived by the partnerships for purposes of the 90 Income Test, and the income that
is derived from a partnership (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership will be treated as qualifying income
for purposes of the 90 Income Test only to the extent that such income is attributable to items of income of the partnership which would
be qualifying income if realized by us directly. In addition, we generally must take into account our proportionate share of the assets
held by partnerships in which we are a partner (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership for purposes of the
Diversification Tests. 

24 

For federal income tax purposes,
we may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. For example,
if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with
PIK interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or debt instruments that were issued with warrants), we must include in income
each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing
such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received
in cash, such as deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such
as warrants or stock. We anticipate that a portion of our income may constitute original issue discount or other income required to be
included in taxable income prior to receipt of cash. Further, we may elect to amortize market discount and include such amounts in our
taxable income in the current year, instead of upon disposition, as an election not to do so may limit our ability to deduct interest
expenses for tax purposes, which is subject to other limitations under U.S. federal income tax law. 

We intend to invest a portion
of our net assets in below investment grade instruments (rated lower than Baa3 by Moody s Investors Service or lower
than BBB- by Standard Poor s Corporation), which are often referred to as junk bonds. Investments
in these types of instruments may present special tax issues for us. U.S. federal income tax rules are not entirely clear about issues
such as when we may cease to accrue interest, original issue discount or market discount, when and to what extent deductions may be taken
for bad debts or worthless instruments, how payments received on obligations in default should be allocated between principal and income
and whether exchanges of debt obligations in a bankruptcy or workout context are taxable. We will address these and other issues to the
extent necessary to seek to ensure that we distribute sufficient income so that we do not become subject to U.S. federal income or excise
tax. 

Because any original issue
discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required
to make a distribution to our stockholders to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding
cash amount. As a result, we may have difficulty meeting the Annual Distribution Requirement necessary to qualify for and maintain RIC
tax treatment under Subchapter M of the Code. We may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider
advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or forgo new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain
cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. 

Although we do not presently
expect to do so, we are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets to satisfy distribution requirements. However, under the 1940 Act,
we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding
unless certain asset coverage tests are met. See Regulation as a Business Development Company Senior Securities. 
 Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our
portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets
to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Distribution Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from
an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 

Distributions from capital
gains generally are made after applying any available capital loss carryforwards. Capital loss carryforwards are reduced to the extent
they offset current-year net realized capital gains, whether we retain or distributes such gains. If we incur or have incurred capital
losses in excess of capital gains net capital losses ), those losses will be carried forward to one or more subsequent taxable
years; any such carryforward losses will retain their character as short-term or long-term. In the event that we were to experience an
ownership change as defined under the Code, our capital loss carryforwards and other favorable tax attributes, if any, may be subject
to limitation. 

In determining our net capital
gain, including also in connection with determining the amount available to support a capital gain dividend, our taxable income and our
earnings and profits, we generally may elect to treat part or all of any post-October capital loss (defined as any net capital loss attributable
to the portion, if any, of the taxable year after October 31 or, if there is no such loss, the net long-term capital loss or net short-term
capital loss attributable to any such portion of the taxable year) or late-year ordinary loss (generally, the sum of (i) our net ordinary
loss, if any, from the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of property, attributable to the portion, if any, of the taxable year
after October 31, and (ii) our other net ordinary loss, if any, attributable to the portion, if any, of the taxable year after December
31) as if incurred in the succeeding taxable year. 

Failure to Qualify as a RIC 

If we were unable to qualify
for treatment as a RIC, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates, regardless of whether we make
any distributions to our stockholders. Distributions would not be required, and any distributions would be taxable to our stockholders
as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations in the Code,
such distributions may be eligible for the preferential maximum rate applicable to qualified dividend income of individual stockholders
to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees
may be eligible for a dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would
be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated
as a capital gain. 

25 

To requalify as a RIC in a
subsequent taxable year, we would be required to satisfy the RIC qualification requirements for that year and dispose of any earnings
and profits from any year in which we failed to qualify as a RIC. Subject to a limited exception applicable to RICs that qualified as
such under the Code for at least one year prior to disqualification and that requalify as a RIC no later than the second year following
the nonqualifying year, we would be subject to tax on any unrealized net built-in gains in the assets held by us during the period in
which we failed to qualify as a RIC that are recognized within the subsequent 5 years, unless we made a special election to pay corporate-level
U.S. federal income tax on such built-in gains at the time of our requalification as a RIC. 

The remainder of this discussion
assumes that we qualify as a RIC and satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. 

Taxation of U.S. Stockholders 

Distributions by us generally
are taxable to U.S. stockholders as ordinary income or capital gains. Distributions of our investment company taxable income 
(which is, generally, our net ordinary income plus realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses)
will be taxable as ordinary income to U.S. stockholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, whether paid
in cash or reinvested in additional common stock. To the extent such distributions paid by us to non-corporate stockholders (including
individuals) are attributable to dividends from U.S. corporations and certain qualified foreign corporations, such distributions Qualifying
Dividends may be eligible for a maximum tax rate of 20 , provided that we properly report such distribution as qualifying
dividend income in a written statement furnished to our stockholders and certain holding period and other requirements are satisfied.
In this regard, it is not anticipated that a significant portion of distributions paid by us will be attributable to qualifying dividends;
therefore, our distributions generally will not qualify for the preferential maximum rate applicable to Qualifying Dividends. Distributions
of our net capital gain (which is generally our realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses)
properly designated by us as capital gain dividends will be taxable to a U.S. stockholder as long-term capital gains that
are currently generally taxable at a maximum rate of 20 in the case of individuals, trusts or estates, regardless of the U.S. stockholder s
holding period for his, her or its common stock and regardless of whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional common stock. Distributions
in excess of our earnings and profits first will reduce a U.S. stockholder s adjusted tax basis in such stockholder s common
stock and, after the adjusted basis is reduced to zero, will constitute capital gains to such U.S. stockholder. 

Certain distributions that
we report as Section 163(j) interest dividends may be treated as interest income by U.S. stockholders for purposes of the tax rules applicable
to interest expense limitations under Section 163(j) of the Code. Such treatment by the U.S. stockholder is generally subject to holding
period requirements and other potential limitations, although the holding period requirements are generally not applicable to dividends
declared by money market funds and certain other funds that declare dividends daily and pay such dividends on a monthly or more frequent
basis. The amount that we are eligible to report as a Section 163(j) dividend for a tax year is generally limited to the excess of our
business interest income over the sum of our (i) business interest expense and (ii) other deductions properly allocable to our business
interest income. 

Although we currently intend
to distribute any long-term capital gain at least annually, we may in the future decide to retain some or all of our long-term capital
gain, but designate the retained amount as a deemed distribution. In that case, among other consequences, we will pay tax
on the retained amount, each U.S. stockholder will be required to include his, her or its proportionate share of the deemed distribution
in income as if it had been actually distributed to the U.S. stockholder, and the U.S. stockholder will be entitled to claim a credit
equal to his, her or its allocable share of the tax paid thereon by us. The amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax will be
added to the U.S. stockholder s tax basis for his, her or its common stock. Since we expect to pay tax on any retained capital gain
at our regular corporate tax rate, and since that rate is in excess of the maximum rate currently payable by individuals on net capital
gain, the amount of tax that individual stockholders will be treated as having paid and for which they will receive a credit will exceed
the tax they owe on the retained net capital gain. Such excess generally may be claimed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder s
other U.S. federal income tax obligations or may be refunded to the extent it exceeds a stockholder s liability for U.S. federal
income tax. A stockholder that is not subject to U.S. federal income tax or otherwise required to file a U.S. federal income tax return
would be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return on the appropriate form to claim a refund for the taxes we paid. To utilize
the deemed distribution approach, we must provide written notice to our stockholders prior to the expiration of 60 days after the close
of the relevant taxable year. We cannot treat any of our investment company taxable income as a deemed distribution. 

For purposes of determining
(1) whether the Annual Distribution Requirement is satisfied for any year and (2) the amount of distributions paid for that year, we may,
under certain circumstances, elect to treat a distribution that is paid during the following taxable year as if it had been paid during
the taxable year in question. If we make such an election, the U.S. stockholder will still be treated as receiving the distribution in
the taxable year in which the distribution is made. However, any distribution declared by us in October, November or December of any calendar
year, payable to stockholders of record on a specified date in such a month and actually paid during January of the following year, will
be treated as if it had been received by our U.S. stockholders on December 31 of the year in which the distribution was declared. 

The IRS currently requires
that a RIC that has two or more classes of stock allocate to each such class proportionate amounts of each type of its income (such as
ordinary income and capital gains) based upon the percentage of total dividends paid to each class for the tax year. Accordingly, if we
issue preferred stock, we intend each year to allocate capital gain dividends, if any, between our shares of common stock and shares of
preferred stock in proportion to the total dividends paid to each class with respect to such tax year. 

26 

If an investor purchases shares
of our common stock shortly before the record date of a distribution, the price of the shares will include the value of the distribution
and the investor will be subject to tax on the distribution even though economically it may represent a return of his, her or its investment. 

A stockholder generally will
recognize taxable gain or loss if the stockholder sells or otherwise disposes of his, her or its shares of our common stock. The amount
of gain or loss will be measured by the difference between such stockholder s adjusted tax basis in the common stock sold and the
amount of the proceeds received in exchange. Any gain arising from such sale or disposition generally will be treated as long-term capital
gain or loss if the stockholder has held the shares for more than one year. Otherwise, it will be classified as short-term capital gain
or loss. However, any capital loss arising from the sale or disposition of shares of our common stock held for six months or less will
be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent of the amount of capital gain dividends received, or undistributed capital gain deemed
received, with respect to such shares. In addition, all or a portion of any loss recognized upon a disposition of shares of our common
stock may be disallowed if other shares of our common stock or substantially identical position are purchased or acquired (whether through
reinvestment of distributions or otherwise) within 30 days before or after the disposition. 

In general, individual U.S.
stockholders currently are subject to a maximum federal income tax rate of 20 on their net capital gain (i.e., the excess of realized
net long-term capital gains over realized net short-term capital losses), including any long-term capital gain derived from an investment
in our shares. Such rate is lower than the maximum rate on ordinary income currently payable by individuals. In addition, an additional
3.8 Medicare tax will be imposed on certain net investment income (including ordinary dividends and capital gain distributions received
from us and net gains from redemptions or other taxable dispositions of our common stock) of U.S. high-income individuals, and certain
estates and trusts. Corporate U.S. stockholders currently are subject to federal income tax on net capital gain at the maximum 21 corporate
income tax rate also applied to ordinary income. Non-corporate stockholders with net capital losses for a year (i.e., capital losses in
excess of capital gains) generally may deduct up to 3,000 of such losses against their ordinary income each year; any net capital losses
of a non-corporate stockholder in excess of 3,000 generally may be carried forward and used in subsequent years as provided in the Code.
Corporate stockholders generally may not deduct any net capital losses for a year, but may carry back such losses for three years or carry
forward such losses for five years. 

We (or if a U.S. stockholder
holds shares through an intermediary, such intermediary) will send to each of our U.S. stockholders, as promptly as possible after the
end of each calendar year, a notice detailing, on a per share and per distribution basis, the amounts includible in such U.S. stockholder s
taxable income for such year as ordinary income and as long-term capital gain. In addition, the federal tax status of each year s
distributions generally will be reported to the IRS (including the amount of distributions, if any, eligible for the preferential maximum
rate). Distributions paid by us generally will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions may also be subject
to additional state, local and foreign taxes depending on a U.S. stockholder s particular situation. 

We are required to report
adjusted cost basis information for covered securities which generally include shares of a RIC acquired after January 1, 2012 to the IRS
and to taxpayers. The tax regulations require that we elect a default tax identification methodology to perform the required reporting.
We have chosen the first-in-first-out FIFO method as the default tax lot identification method for our stockholders. This
is the method we will use to determine which specific shares are deemed to be sold when a stockholder s entire position is not sold
in a single transaction and is the method in which covered share sales will be reported on a stockholder s Form 1099.
However, at the time of purchase or upon the sale of covered shares, stockholders may generally choose a different tax lot
identification method. Stockholders should consult a tax advisor with regard to their personal circumstances as the Company and its service
providers do not provide tax advice. Stockholders should contact their financial intermediaries with respect to reporting of cost basis
and available elections for their accounts. 

27 

Backup Withholding .
We may be required to withhold federal income tax backup withholding ), currently at a rate of 24 , from all distributions
to any non-corporate U.S. stockholder (1) who fails to furnish us with a correct taxpayer identification number or a certificate that
such stockholder is exempt from backup withholding or (2) with respect to whom the IRS notifies us that such stockholder has failed to
properly report certain interest and dividend income to the IRS and to respond to notices to that effect. An individual s taxpayer
identification number generally is his or her social security number. Any amount withheld under backup withholding is allowed as a credit
against the U.S. stockholder s federal income tax liability, provided that proper information is provided to the IRS. 

Reportable Transactions
Reporting . If a U.S. stockholder recognizes a loss with respect to shares of our common stock of 2 million or more for an individual
stockholder or 10 million or more for a corporate stockholder, the stockholder must file with the IRS a disclosure statement on Form
8886. The fact that a loss is reportable under these regulations does not affect the legal determination of whether the taxpayer s
treatment of the loss is proper. U.S. stockholders should consult their tax advisors to determine the applicability of these regulations
in light of their specific circumstances. 

U.S. Taxation of Tax-Exempt U.S. Stockholders 

A U.S. stockholder that is
a tax-exempt organization for U.S. federal income tax purposes and therefore generally exempt from U.S. federal income taxation may nevertheless
be subject to taxation to the extent that it is considered to derive unrelated business taxable income UBTI ). The direct
conduct by a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder of the activities we propose to conduct could give rise to UBTI. However, a BDC is a corporation
for U.S. federal income tax purposes and its business activities generally will not be attributed to its stockholders for purposes of
determining their treatment under current law. 

Therefore, a tax-exempt U.S.
stockholder generally should not be subject to U.S. taxation solely as a result of the stockholder s ownership of our stock and
receipt of dividends with respect to such stock. Moreover, under current law, if we incur indebtedness, such indebtedness generally will
not be attributed to a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder. Therefore, a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder should not be treated as earning income from
 debt- financed property and dividends we pay should not be treated as unrelated debt-financed income solely
as a result of indebtedness that we incur. Proposals periodically are made to change the treatment of blocker investment
vehicles interposed between tax-exempt investors and non- qualifying investments. In the event that any such proposals were to be adopted
and applied to BDCs, the treatment of dividends payable to tax- exempt investors could be adversely affected. 

Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders 

The following discussion applies
only to Non-U.S. stockholders. Whether an investment in our shares is appropriate for a Non-U.S. stockholder will depend upon that person s
particular circumstances. An investment in our shares by a Non-U.S. stockholder may have adverse tax consequences. Non-U.S. stockholders
should consult their tax advisers before investing in our common stock. 

Distributions of our investment
company taxable income to Non-U.S. stockholders (including interest income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized
long-term capital losses, which generally would be free of withholding if paid to Non-U.S. stockholders directly) will be subject to withholding
of federal tax at a 30 rate (or lower rate provided by an applicable treaty) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and
profits unless an applicable exception applies. If the distributions are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the Non-U.S.
stockholder, we will not be required to withhold federal tax if the Non-U.S. stockholder complies with applicable certification and disclosure
requirements, although the distributions will be subject to federal income tax at the rates applicable to U.S. persons. (Special certification
requirements apply to a Non-U.S. stockholder that is a foreign partnership or a foreign trust, and such entities are urged to consult
their own tax advisers.) 

28 

In addition, with respect
to certain distributions made by RICs to Non-U.S. stockholders, no withholding will be required and the distributions generally will not
be subject to federal income tax if (i) the distributions are properly reported in a notice timely delivered to our stockholders as interest-related
dividends or short-term capital gain dividends, (ii) the distributions are derived from sources specified in the
Code for such dividends and (iii) certain other requirements are satisfied. No assurance can be given as to whether any of our distributions
will be reported as eligible for this exemption from withholding tax. 

Actual or deemed distributions
of our net capital gains to a Non-U.S. stockholder, and gains recognized by a Non-U.S. stockholder upon the sale of our common stock,
generally will not be subject to federal withholding tax and will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless (i) the distributions
or gains, as the case may be, are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the Non-U.S. stockholder and, if an income tax
treaty applies, are attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the Non-U.S. stockholder in the United States or (ii) in the
case of an individual Non-U.S. stockholder, the stockholder is present in the United States for a period or periods aggregating 183 days
or more during the year of the sale or the receipt of the distributions or gains and certain other conditions are met. 

If we distribute our net capital
gains in the form of deemed rather than actual distributions, a Non-U.S. stockholder will be entitled to a U.S. federal income tax credit
or tax refund equal to the stockholder s allocable share of the tax we pay on the capital gains deemed to have been distributed.
To obtain the refund, the Non-U.S. stockholder must obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number and file a U.S. federal income tax return
even if the Non-U.S. stockholder would not otherwise be required to obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number or file a U.S. federal
income tax return. For a corporate Non-U.S. stockholder, distributions (both actual and deemed), and gains realized upon the sale of our
common stock that are effectively connected to a U.S. trade or business may, under certain circumstances, be subject to an additional
 branch profits tax at a 30 rate (or at a lower rate if provided for by an applicable treaty). Accordingly, investment in
the shares may not be appropriate for a Non-U.S. stockholder. 

Backup Withholding. A
Non-U.S. stockholder who is a non-resident alien individual, and who is otherwise subject to U.S. federal withholding tax, may be subject
to information reporting and backup withholding of federal income tax on dividends unless the Non-U.S. stockholder provides us or the
dividend paying agent with an IRS Form W-8BEN (or an acceptable substitute form) or otherwise meets documentary evidence requirements
for establishing that it is a Non-U.S. stockholder or otherwise establishes an exemption from backup withholding. 

Non-U.S. stockholders may
also be subject to U.S. estate tax with respect to their investment in our common stock. 

Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 

Under the Foreign Account
Tax Compliance Act or FATCA, a 30 withholding tax applies on payments of certain types of income to foreign financial institutions FFIs unless such FFIs either (i) enter into an agreement with the U.S. Treasury to report certain required information
with respect to accounts held by U.S. persons (or held by foreign entities that have U.S. persons as substantial owners) or (ii) reside
in a jurisdiction that has entered into an intergovernmental agreement IGA with the United States to collect and share
such information and are in compliance with the terms of such IGA and any enabling legislation or regulations. The types of income subject
to the tax include U.S. source interest and dividends. The information required to be reported includes the identity and taxpayer identification
number of each account holder that is a U.S. person and transaction activity within the holder s account. Depending on the status
of a Non-U.S. stockholder and the status of the intermediaries through which they hold their shares, Non-U.S. stockholders could be subject
to this 30 withholding tax with respect to distributions on their shares and proceeds from the sale of their shares. Proposed Treasury
regulations that may be relied on pending finalization provide that FATCA withholding on gross proceeds will be eliminated and, consequently,
this withholding tax on gross proceeds is not currently expected to apply. Stockholders may be requested to provide additional information
to us to enable us to determine whether withholding is required, such as W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or other applicable series W-8. 

Non-U.S. persons should consult
their own tax advisers with respect to the U.S. federal income tax and withholding tax, and state, local and foreign tax consequences
of an investment in the shares. 

29 

Legislative or Other Actions Affecting RICs 

The foregoing discussion is
only a summary and is based upon existing federal income tax law. You should recognize that the federal income tax treatment of an investment
in us may be modified at any time by legislative, judicial or administrative action. Any such changes may have a retroactive effect with
respect to existing transactions and investments and may modify the statements made above. You are urged to consult with your own tax
advisor with respect to the impact of recent legislation, including the Tax Act, on your investment in our shares. 

THE FOREGOING DISCUSSION SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED
TO DESCRIBE FULLY THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN US. YOU ARE STRONGLY ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH YOUR TAX ADVISORS
WITH RESPECT TO THE FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN US. 

30 

31 

32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

48 

49 

50 

51 

52 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our headquarters are located
at 1900 Shawnee Mission Parkway, Suite 315, Mission Woods, Kansas 66205. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate
for our business. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not currently subject
to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. From time to time, we
may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our
rights under loans to or other contracts with our portfolio companies. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

53 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

There is currently no public
market for our common stock, nor can we give any assurance that one will develop. As of the date hereof, none of our shares of common
stock are subject to outstanding options or warrants, nor do we have any outstanding equity that is convertible into shares of our common
stock. In addition, as of the date hereof, we have not granted any registration rights to any of our stockholders. No stock has been authorized
for issuance under any equity compensation plans. 

Holders 

As of February 28, 2023, we had
215 record holders of our common stock. 

Distributions 

The following table
reflects the distributions declared on shares during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Declaration 
Date 
 
 Record 
Date 
 
 Per 
Share 

Payment 
Date 
 
 Total 
Distributions 
Declared 

5/12/2022 
 
 5/17/2022 

0.370 

5/18/2022 

8,439,969 

8/11/2022 
 
 8/16/2022 

0.440 

8/17/2022 

10,147,434 

11/10/2022 
 
 11/15/2022 

0.440 

11/16/2022 

10,284,466 

12/30/2022 
 
 12/30/2022 

0.640 

1/17/2023 

15,183,248 

44,055,117 

The following table reflects
the distributions declared on shares during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021: 

Declaration Date 
 Record Date 
 Per Share 
 Payment Date 
 Total Distributions Declared 
 
 5/13/2021 
 5/18/2021 
 0.31 
 5/19/2021 
 4,050,180 
 
 8/12/2021 
 8/17/2021 
 0.25 
 8/18/2021 
 3,738,707 
 
 11/12/2021 
 11/16/2021 
 0.17 
 11/17/2021 
 3,713,626 
 
 12/30/2021 
 12/31/2021 
 0.65 
 1/19/2022 
 14,449,980 

25,952,493 

Distribution Reinvestment Plan 

The Company has adopted a
dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of its dividends and other distributions on behalf of the Company s stockholders,
unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, if the Company s Board authorizes, and the Company declares, a cash dividend
or other distribution, then stockholders who do not opt out of the Company s dividend reinvestment plan will have
their cash dividends and distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of the Company s common stock, rather than
receiving cash dividends and distributions. 

54 

Prior to a Listing, the Board
will use newly-issued shares of the Company s common stock to implement the dividend reinvestment plan. The number of shares of
common stock to be issued to a participant prior to a Listing would be equal to the quotient determined by dividing the cash value of
the dividend payable to such stockholder by the net asset value per share as of the date such dividend was declared. 

After a Listing, the Board
intends to primarily use newly-issued shares to implement the dividend reinvestment plan, whether or not the shares are trading at a price
per share at, below or above net asset value. However, the Board reserves the right to purchase shares in the open market in connection
with the implementation of the dividend reinvestment plan. The Board will examine the full facts and circumstances of each such dividend
to determine the approach (i.e., to use newly issued shares or effectuate open market purchases to implement the dividend reinvestment
plan) that is in the best interests of stockholders taking into account the Board s fiduciary duties to stockholders, including
by weighing the potential dilution in connection with such issuance to be incurred by the Company s stockholders against the Company s
need and usage of reinvested funds. The number of newly issued shares to be issued to a participant would be determined by dividing the
total dollar amount of the dividend payable to such stockholder by the market price per share of the Company s common stock at the
close of regular trading on a national securities exchange on the dividend payment date. Shares purchased in open market transactions
by US Bank, the plan administrator and the Company s transfer agent, registrar and dividend disbursing agent, will be allocated
to a participant based upon the average purchase price, excluding any brokerage charges or other charges, of all shares of the Company s
common stock purchased with respect to the dividend. 

A registered stockholder may
elect to receive an entire distribution in cash by notifying US Bank in writing so that such notice is received by the plan administrator
no later than the record date for distributions to stockholders. The plan administrator will set up an account for shares acquired through
the plan for each stockholder who has not elected to receive dividends or other distributions in cash and hold such shares in noncertificated
form. 

There will be no brokerage
charges or other charges to stockholders who participate in the plan. The plan administrator s fees are paid by the Company. 

Stockholders who receive dividends
and other distributions in the form of stock are generally subject to the same U.S. federal, state and local tax consequences as are stockholders
who elect to receive their distributions in cash. However, since a participating stockholder s cash dividends will be reinvested,
such stockholder will not receive cash with which to pay any applicable taxes on reinvested dividends. A stockholder s basis for
determining gain or loss upon the sale of stock received in a dividend or other distribution from the Company will generally be equal
to the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to the stockholder. Any stock received in a dividend or other distribution will
have a new holding period for tax purposes commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the U.S. stockholder s
account. 

Participants may terminate
their accounts under the plan by so notifying the plan administrator by submitting a letter of instruction terminating the participant s
account under the plan to US Bank. The plan may be terminated by the Company upon notice in writing mailed to each participant at least
30 days prior to any record date for the payment of any dividend by the Company. 

If participants withdraw from
the plan or the plan is terminated, the plan administrator will cause the shares held for the participant under the plan to be delivered
to the participant. If an investor holds common stock with a brokerage firm that does not participate in the plan, such investor will
not be able to participate in the plan and any dividend reinvestment may be affected on different terms than those described above. 

Stockholders can obtain additional
information about the dividend reinvestment plan by contacting US Bank via telephone at 1-866-775-9668 or by mailing a request to U.S.
Bank National Association, One Federal Street, 3rd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02110. 

Recent sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company issued and sold 1,716,297 shares of its common stock at an aggregate purchase price of approximately 29.2 million.
The issuance of the shares of common stock was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2)
and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D thereof. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

Not applicable. 

55 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and
analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Forward Looking Statements 

This annual report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. Undue reliance
should not be placed on such statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations,
estimates and projections about our company, our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions.
Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, will, may, 
 continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, 
 should, targets, projects, and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended
to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties
and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from
those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including: 

our future operating results; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets, including changes from the impact of the novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) and related respiratory disease COVID-19 pandemic; 

uncertainty surrounding the financial and
political stability of the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and China, and the war between Russia and Ukraine; 

the ability of the Investment Advisor to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

the ability of the Investment Advisor and its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 

risk associated with possible disruptions in our operations or the economy generally; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of the companies in which we invest; 

the ability of the companies in which we invest to achieve their objectives, including as a result of adverse events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

our ability to continue to effectively manage our business due to the disruptions caused by adverse events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we invest; 

our ability to maintain our qualification as a BDC and as a RIC under the Code; 

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 

the adequacy, availability and pricing of our financing sources and working capital; 

actual or potential conflicts of interest with the Investment Advisor and its affiliates; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the current economic downturn, interest rate volatility, loss of key personnel, and the illiquid nature of our investments; and 

the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify under Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Although we believe that the
assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and
as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties,
the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this annual report on Form 10-K should not be regarded as a representation
by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in the section
entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. You should not place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we assume no duty and
do not undertake to update the forward-looking statements. 

56 

Overview 

We are a financial services
company that primarily lends to and invests in corporate debt securities of companies, including small to large private U.S. companies.
We were organized as a Maryland corporation on August 26, 2019 and are structured as an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end
management investment company. We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act and, beginning with our taxable year ending
December 31, 2020, we have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, and we expect to qualify as a RIC annually thereafter. 

We are externally managed
by the Investment Advisor, an investment adviser that is registered with the SEC under the Advisers Act, pursuant to the Advisory Agreement.
Subject to the supervision of our Board, a majority of which is made up of Independent Directors, our Investment Advisor manages our day-to-day
operations and provides us with investment advisory and management services and certain administrative services. The Investment Advisor,
in its capacity as Administrator, provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate pursuant to the Administration Agreement.
The Administrator has entered into the Sub-Administration Agreement to delegate certain administrative functions to the Sub-Administrator.
Our Investment Advisor is a majority-owned subsidiary of Palmer Square, which is a privately-held firm specializing in global alternative
(non-traditional) investments with a total return orientation. 

Our investment objective is
to maximize total return, comprised of current income and capital appreciation. The Company s current investment focus is guided
by two strategies that facilitate our investment opportunities and core competencies: (1) investing in corporate debt securities and,
to a lesser extent, (2) investing in CLO structured credit that typically owns corporate debt securities, including the equity and junior
debt tranches of CLOs. To a limited extent, we may enter into derivatives transactions, which may utilize instruments such as forward
contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values
of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates or to earn income and enhance our total returns.
We may also receive or purchase warrants or rights to acquire equity or other securities in connection with making a debt investment in
a company. We may also invest in other strategies and opportunities from time to time that we view as attractive. We will continue to
evaluate other investment strategies in the ordinary course of business with no specific top-down allocation to any single investment
strategy. 

Revenues 

We generate revenue primarily
in the form of interest and fee income on debt investments we hold and capital gains, if any, on investments. Our debt investments generally
bear interest at a floating rate usually determined on the basis of a benchmark such as LIBOR. Interest on debt securities is generally
payable quarterly or semi-annually. In some instances, we receive payments on our debt investments based on scheduled amortization of
the outstanding balances. In addition, we receive repayments of some of our debt investments prior to their scheduled maturity date. The
frequency or volume of these repayments is expected to fluctuate significantly from period to period. Our portfolio activity also reflects
the proceeds of sales of securities. We may also generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, amendment, structuring or due
diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and consulting fees. 

Expenses 

Our primary operating expenses
include the payment of fees to the Investment Advisor under the Advisory Agreement, our allocable portion of overhead and rental expenses
under the Administration Agreement and other operating costs described below. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our
operations and transactions, including: 

interest expense and other costs associated with our indebtedness; 

the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 

57 

the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of shares of our common stock and other securities; 

fees payable to third parties relating to making investments, including our Investment Advisor s or its affiliates travel expenses, research costs and out-of-pocket fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence and reviews of prospective investments; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

operating costs incurred prior to the commencement of our operations; 

out-of-pocket fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

federal and state registration fees and any stock exchange listing fees; 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 

Independent Directors fees and expenses; 

brokerage commissions and markups; 

fidelity bond, directors and officers liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

direct costs, such as printing, mailing, long distance telephone and staff; 

fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs; 

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and other applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; and 

other expenses incurred by the Administrator or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement that will be based upon our allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of our Board) of overhead, including rental expenses. 

Portfolio and Investment Activity 

As of December 31, 2022, our
weighted average total yield to maturity of debt and income producing securities at fair value was 11.47 , and our weighted average total
yield to maturity of debt and income producing securities at amortized cost was 8.70 . 

As of December 31, 2021, our
weighted average total yield to maturity of debt and income producing securities at fair value was 5.77 and our weighted average total
yield to maturity of debt and income producing securities at amortized cost was 5.91 . 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had 204 debt and equity investments in 176 portfolio companies with an aggregate fair value of approximately 966.9 million. 

As of December 31, 2021, we
had 240 debt and private investments in 212 portfolio companies with an aggregate fair value of approximately 1.1 billion. 

58 

Our investment activity for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is presented below (information presented herein is at amortized cost unless otherwise
indicated). 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

New investments: 

Gross investments 
 278,951,054 
 926,351,937 
 
 Less: sold investments 
 (314,355,643 
 (401,760,802 
 
 Total new investments 
 (35,404,589 
 524,591,135 

Principal amount of investments funded: 

First-lien senior secured debt investments 
 247,233,397 
 829,591,637 
 
 Second-lien senior secured debt investments 
 19,102,118 
 57,492,916 
 
 Corporate bonds 
 - 
 2,883,300 
 
 Convertible bonds 
 3,728,288 
 1,025,000 
 
 Collateralized securities and structured products - debt 
 - 
 14,757,907 
 
 CLO Equity 
 8,887,251 
 20,101,177 
 
 Common stock 
 - 
 500,000 
 
 Total principal amount of investments funded 
 278,951,054 
 926,351,937 

Principal amount of investments sold or repaid: 

First-lien senior secured debt investments 
 292,852,517 
 380,386,061 
 
 Second-lien senior secured debt investments 
 11,938,325 
 12,583,308 
 
 Corporate Bonds 
 987,500 
 - 
 
 Convertible bonds 
 4,504,808 
 3,026 
 
 CLO Equity 
 1,976,080 
 - 
 
 Collateralized securities and structured products - debt 
 1,501,875 
 8,788,407 
 
 Common Stock 
 594,538 
 - 
 
 Total principal amount of investments sold or repaid 
 314,355,643 
 401,760,802 

59 

Our investment activity for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is presented below (information presented herein is at Par unless otherwise indicated).
New investment commitment refers to funded commitments in new securities made during the year that remained outstanding as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Number of new investment commitments 
 38 
 155 
 
 Average new investment commitment amount 
 4,784,093 
 4,521,355 
 
 Weighted average maturity for new investment commitments 
 5.95 years 
 5.85 years 
 
 Percentage of new debt investment commitments at floating rates 
 100.00 
 99.42 
 
 Percentage of new debt investment commitments at fixed rates 
 0.00 
 0.58 
 
 Weighted average interest rate of new investment commitments (1) 
 9.17 
 4.80 
 
 Weighted average spread over reference rate of new floating rate investment commitments (2) 
 4.80 
 4.39 
 
 Weighted average interest rate on investment sold or paid down 
 5.45 
 4.40 

(1) 
 New CLO equity investments do not have an ascribed interest rate, and are therefore excluded from the calculation. 

(2) 
 Variable rate loans bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to either a) LIBOR (which can include one-, two-, three- or six-month LIBOR) or b) the CME Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or S (which can include one-, three-, or six-month SOFR), which resets periodically based on the terms of the loan agreement. At the borrower s option, loans may instead reference an alternate base rate (which can include the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Prime Rate), which also resets periodically based on the terms of the loan agreements. Loans that reference SOFR may include a Credit Spread Adjustment CSA ), where the CSA is a defined additional spread amount based on the tenor of SOFR the borrower selects (making the reference rate S+CSA). 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
our investments consisted of the following: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Amortized 
 Fair 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 
 Investments: 
 Cost 
 Value 
 Cost 
 Value 
 
 First-lien senior secured debt 
 951,753,250 
 870,880,344 
 1,003,839,402 
 1,007,407,474 
 
 Second-lien senior secured debt 
 71,513,263 
 58,118,340 
 64,317,453 
 64,658,512 
 
 Corporate Bonds 
 1,884,529 
 1,332,888 
 2,883,596 
 2,947,571 
 
 Convertible Bond 
 - 
 - 
 1,021,974 
 942,069 
 
 CLO Mezzanine 
 17,589,330 
 14,732,721 
 18,907,287 
 19,105,394 
 
 CLO Equity 
 27,012,348 
 21,800,224 
 20,101,177 
 20,253,800 
 
 Equity 
 - 
 - 
 500,000 
 800,000 
 
 Short-term investments 
 50,347,215 
 50,347,215 
 78,142,764 
 78,142,764 
 
 Total Investments 
 1,120,099,935 
 1,017,211,732 
 1,189,713,653 
 1,194,257,584 

60 

The table below describes
investments by industry composition based on fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2021 

Software 
 12.9 
 10.2 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 9.9 
 10.8 
 
 IT Services 
 8.4 
 9.4 
 
 Professional Services 
 5.9 
 6.4 
 
 Insurance 
 5.8 
 5.7 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 4.9 
 6.5 
 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 3.9 
 3.5 
 
 Building Products 
 3.7 
 3.0 
 
 Chemicals 
 3.3 
 2.2 
 
 Media 
 3.2 
 3.9 
 
 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 
 2.8 
 3.1 
 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 2.6 
 1.8 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 2.5 
 0.9 
 
 Construction and Engineering 
 2.5 
 1.7 
 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 2.1 
 1.7 
 
 Healthcare Technology 
 2.1 
 2.1 
 
 Metals and Mining 
 2.0 
 1.5 
 
 Auto Components 
 1.9 
 1.5 
 
 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 
 1.7 
 3.0 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 1.6 
 0.8 
 
 Containers and Packaging 
 1.5 
 1.8 
 
 Structured Note 
 1.4 
 1.6 
 
 Food Products 
 1.3 
 1.1 
 
 Specialty Retail 
 1.3 
 1.2 
 
 Commercial Services and Supplies 
 1.3 
 1.5 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components 
 1.2 
 1.1 
 
 Internet Software and Services 
 1.1 
 1.3 
 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 
 0.9 
 2.0 
 
 Airlines 
 0.8 
 1.3 
 
 Real Estate Management and Development 
 0.6 
 0.6 
 
 Wireless Telecommunication Services 
 0.6 
 0.6 
 
 Machinery 
 0.6 
 0.3 
 
 Pharmaceuticals 
 0.6 
 0.8 
 
 Energy Equipment and Services 
 0.6 
 - 
 
 Electrical Equipment 
 0.5 
 0.6 
 
 Road and Rail 
 0.5 
 0.6 
 
 Technology Hardware, Storage and Peripherals 
 0.4 
 0.5 
 
 Industrial Conglomerates 
 0.4 
 0.8 
 
 Household Durables 
 0.3 
 0.4 
 
 Diversified Telecommunication Services 
 0.3 
 1.4 
 
 Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 
 Leisure Products 
 - 
 0.4 
 
 Electric Utilities 
 - 
 0.3 
 
 Total 
 100.0 
 100.0 

61 

The table below shows the
weighted average yields and interest rate of our debt investments at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Weighted average total yield of debt and income producing securities 
 11.47 
 5.77 
 
 Weighted average interest rate of debt and income producing securities (1) 
 8.83 
 4.80 
 
 Weighted average spread over reference rate of all floating rate investments (2) 
 4.47 
 4.31 

(1) CLO
equity securities are considered income producing securities but do not have an ascribed interest rate, and therefore are excluded from
the calculation 

(2) 
 Variable rate loans bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to either a) LIBOR (which can include one-, two-, three- or six-month LIBOR) or b) SOFR (which can include one-, three-, or six-month SOFR), which resets periodically based on the terms of the loan agreement. At the borrower s option, loans may instead reference an alternate base rate (which can include the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Prime Rate), which also resets periodically based on the terms of the loan agreements. Loans that reference SOFR may include CSA, where the CSA is a defined additional spread amount based on the tenor of SOFR the borrower selects (making the reference rate S+CSA). 

Results of Operations 

The following table represents
the operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

For the Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Total investment income 
 74,499,900 
 39,685,653 
 
 Less: Net expenses 
 33,419,068 
 16,851,412 
 
 Net investment income 
 41,080,832 
 22,834,241 
 
 Net realized gains (losses) on investments 
 (8,130,187 
 4,753,263 
 
 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments 
 (107,432,980 
 (8,527,786 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 (74,482,335 
 19,059,718 

Investment Income 

Investment income for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, was as follows: 

For the Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Interest from investments 
 73,705,450 
 38,897,216 
 
 Dividend income 
 610,203 
 9,597 
 
 Other income 
 184,247 
 778,840 
 
 Total investment income 
 74,499,900 
 39,685,653 

62 

For the years ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, total investment income was driven by interest income from our investments. The size of our investment
portfolio at fair value increased from 600.1 million as of December 31, 2020 to 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2021. The size
of our investment portfolio at fair value decreased from 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2021 to 966.9 million as of December 31, 2022.
All debt and short-term investments were income producing, and there were no loans on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022. 

Expenses 

Operating expenses for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, was as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Interest and debt financing expenses 
 23,452,169 
 8,616,661 
 
 Management fees 
 8,328,713 
 6,369,583 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 2,604,275 
 2,586,366 
 
 Directors fees 
 75,000 
 75,000 
 
 Management fee waiver 
 (1,041,089 
 (796,198 
 
 Net expenses 
 33,419,068 
 16,851,412 

Net expenses for the year
ended December 31, 2022 were 33.4 million, which consisted of 23.5 million in interest and debt financing, 8.3 million in management
fees, 2.6 million in other operating expenses, and 75 thousand in directors fees offset by 1.0 million in management fee waiver from
the Investment Advisor. 

Interest expense increased
during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of an increase in outstanding debt. Average debt outstanding increased from 477.0
million to 667.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively. Management fees increased due to
a higher value of average net assets during the period. Average net assets increased from 318.5 million to 416.4 million as of December
31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 

Net expenses for the year
ended December 31, 2021 were 16.9 million, which consisted of 8.6 million in interest and debt financing, 6.4 million in management
fees, 2.6 million in other operating expenses, and 75 thousand in directors fees offset by 796 thousand in management fee waiver from
the Investment Advisor. 

Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on
Investments 

We fair value our portfolio
investments quarterly and any changes in fair value are recorded as unrealized gains or losses. During the years ended December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, net unrealized gains (losses) on our investment portfolio were comprised of the following: 

For the Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Unrealized gains on investments 

1,635,443 

6,224,196 

Unrealized (losses) on investments 

(109,068,423) 

(14,751,982) 
 
 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments 

(107,432,980) 

(8,527,786) 

63 

The change in unrealized appreciation
(depreciation) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 totaled (107.4) million and (8.5) million, respectively. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, this consisted of net unrealized depreciation of 106.2 million related to existing portfolio investments
and net unrealized depreciation of 1.2 million related to exited portfolio investments (a portion of which has been reclassified to realized
gains). For the year ended December 31, 2021, this consisted of net unrealized depreciation of 864 thousand related to existing portfolio
investments and unrealized appreciation of 2.7 million related to new portfolio investments, and net unrealized depreciation of 10.4
million related to exited portfolio investments (a portion of which has been reclassified to realized gains). 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

We anticipate cash to be generated
from the private offering of our common stock and other future offerings of securities (including an initial public offering), and cash
flows from operations, including interest earned from the temporary investment of cash in cash equivalents, U.S. government securities
and other high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. Additionally, we are permitted, under specified conditions, to
issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940
Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. If we are unable to obtain leverage or raise equity capital on terms
that are acceptable to us, our ability to grow our portfolio could be substantially impacted. Furthermore, while any indebtedness and
senior securities remain outstanding, we may be required to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of shares
unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. In connection with borrowings, our
lenders, including under the BoA Credit Facility and the WF Credit Facility, may require us to pledge assets, investor commitments to
fund capital calls and/or the proceeds of those capital calls. In addition, such lenders may ask us to comply with positive or negative
covenants that could have an effect on our operations. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced a net increase
in cash and cash equivalents of 557 thousand. During the period, net cash provided by operating activities was 25.1 million, primarily
as a result of proceeds received from sale of investments of 314.4 million, partially offset by fundings of portfolio investments (excluding
investments in short-term money market funds) of 279.0 million. We invested in short-term money market funds during the period, and as
of the end of the period we held 50.3 million in fair value of short-term money market funds. During the same period, net cash used in
financing activities was 24.6 million, primarily consisting of 10.8 million of net repayments under the BoA Credit Facility and WF Credit
Facility and distributions paid in cash of 18.8 million, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of common stock of 5.0 million. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, we experienced a net increase in cash and cash equivalents of 411 thousand. During the period, net cash used in operating activities
was 438 million, primarily as a result of fundings of portfolio investments (excluding investments in short-term money market funds)
of 926.4 million, partially offset by proceeds received from sale of investments of 406.8 million. We invested in short-term money market
funds during the period, and as of the end of the period we held 78.1 million in fair value of short-term money market funds. During
the same period, net cash provided by financing activities was 438.4 million, primarily consisting of 256.6 million of net borrowing
under the BoA Credit Facility and WF Credit Facility and proceeds from the issuance of common stock of 188.9 million, partially offset
by distributions paid in cash of 6.3 million. 

64 

As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 1.7 million and 1.1 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had 514.5
million principal outstanding under the BoA Credit Facility and 126.8 million principal outstanding under the WF Credit Facility. As
of December 31, 2021, we had 552 million principal outstanding under the BoA Credit Facility and 100 million principal outstanding under
the WF Credit Facility. 

During the years ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had aggregate capital commitments and undrawn capital commitments from investors as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Capital Commitments 
 Unfunded 
Capital Commitments 
 of Capital Commitments Funded 
 Capital Commitments 
 Unfunded Capital Commitments(1) 
 of Capital Commitments Funded 
 
 Common stock 
 5,023,800 
 - 
 100 
 193,511,571 
 4,650,000 
 98 

(1) 
 100 of the unfunded commitments were drawn down in January 2022. 

As a BDC, we are required
to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total borrowings and other senior securities, which include all of our borrowings and any
preferred stock that we may issue in the future, of at least 150 . If this ratio declines below 150 , we cannot incur additional debt
and could be required to sell a portion of our investments to repay some debt when it is disadvantageous to do so. As of December 31,
2022, our asset coverage ratio was 157 . 

Capital Contributions 

During the years ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company issued and sold 1,716,297 shares at an aggregate purchase price of 29.2 million and 10,007,526
shares at an aggregate purchase price of 206.6 million, respectively. These amounts include shares issued in reinvestment. 

Financing Arrangements 

Bank of America Credit Facility 

On February 18, 2020, we,
through a special purpose wholly-owned subsidiary, PS BDC Funding, entered into the Credit Agreement with the Lenders, BofA N.A. as the
administrative agent and BofA Securities, as Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager, pursuant to which the Lenders agreed to provide us with
a revolving line of credit. 

Under the BoA Credit Facility,
which matures on February 18, 2025, the Lenders have agreed to extend credit to PS BDC Funding in an aggregate amount up to the Commitment
(as defined in the Credit Agreement) amount. The Commitment amount for the BoA Credit Facility was 200.0 million as of the closing date
of the Credit Agreement, increased to 400.0 million on the one-month anniversary of the closing date, further increased to 475.0 million
on October 12, 2020, and further increased to 725 million on September 29, 2021. The Borrowers ability to draw under the BoA Credit
Facility is scheduled to terminate on February 11, 2025. All amounts outstanding under the BoA Credit Facility are required to be repaid
by February 18, 2025. 

65 

The loans under the BoA Credit
Facility may be base rate loans or eurocurrency rate loans. The base rate loans will bear interest at the base rate plus 1.30 , and the
eurocurrency rate loans will bear interest at LIBOR plus 1.30 . The base rate will be equal to the highest of (a) the federal
funds rate plus 0.50 , (b) the prime rate and (c) LIBOR. The Credit Agreement includes fallback language in the event that LIBOR becomes
unavailable. Interest pursuant to base rate loans is payable quarterly in arrears, and interest pursuant to eurocurrency loans is payable
either quarterly or monthly, as specified by the Borrowers in a loan notice pertaining thereto. The Credit Agreement requires the payment
of a commitment fee of 0.50 for unused Commitments until the four-month anniversary of the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement.
Thereafter, the commitment fee is 0.50 on unused Commitments up to 30 of the BoA Credit Facility, and 1.30 on unused Commitments in
excess of 30 of the BoA Credit Facility. Such fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The advance rate for PS BDC Funding s Eligible
Collateral Assets ranges from 40 for Second Lien Bank Loans to 70 for First Lien Bank Loans that are B Assets to 100 for Cash (excluding
Excluded Amounts) (as each such term is defined in the Credit Agreement). 

PS BDC Funding has pledged
all of its assets to BofA N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent, to secure its obligations under the BoA Credit Facility. Both
the Company and PS BDC Funding have made customary representations and warranties and are required to comply with various covenants, reporting
requirements, and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. Borrowing under the BoA Credit Facility is subject to the
leverage restrictions contained in the 1940 Act and PS BDC Funding complies with 1940 Act provisions relating to affiliated transactions
and custody. The custodian of the assets pledged to BofA N.A. pursuant to the BoA Credit Facility is U.S. Bank National Administration.
The obligations under the Credit Agreement may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Credit Agreement, including
in the event of a change of control of PS BDC Funding or if the Investment Advisor ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Company. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had approximately 514.5 million principal outstanding and 210.5 million of available Commitments under the BoA Credit Facility, and
PS BDC Funding was in compliance with the applicable covenants in the BoA Credit Facility on such date. 

Wells Fargo Credit Facility 

On December 18, 2020, we,
through a special purpose wholly-owned subsidiary, PS BDC Funding II, entered into the Loan Agreement with the WF Lenders, WFB as the
administrative agent and U.S. Bank, as Collateral Agent and Custodian, pursuant to which the WF Lenders agreed to provide us with a line
of credit. 

Under the WF Credit Facility,
which matures on December 18, 2025, the WF Lenders have agreed to extend credit to PS BDC Funding II in an aggregate amount up to the
Facility Amount (as defined in the Loan Agreement). The Facility Amount for the WF Credit Facility was 150.0 million as of the closing
date of the Loan Agreement. The WF Borrowers ability to draw under the WF Credit Facility is scheduled to terminate on December
18, 2023. All amounts outstanding under the WF Credit Facility are required to be repaid by December 18, 2025. 

The loans under the WF Credit Facility may be Broadly Syndicated Loans
or Middle Market Loans and shall be eurocurrency rate loans unless such rate is unavailable, in which case the loans shall be base rate
loans until such rate is available. Broadly Syndicated Loans will bear interest at the LIBOR or base rate, as applicable, plus 1.85 ,
and Middle Market Loans will bear interest at LIBOR or base rate, as applicable, plus 2.35 . The base rate will be equal
to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50 and (b) the prime rate. The Loan Agreement includes fallback language in the event
that LIBOR becomes unavailable. Interest is payable quarterly, as determined by the WFB as the administrative agent. Following the Second
Amendment of the WF Credit Facility, the Loan Agreement requires the payment of a non-usage fee of (x) during the first thirteen months
following the closing of the WF Credit Facility, 0.50 multiplied by daily unused Facility Amounts, (y) between thirteen and sixteen months
following the closing of the WF Credit Facility, 0.50 multiplied by the lesser of (1) daily unused Facility Amounts and (2) 50 of the
Facility Amount plus 2.00 multiplied by the greater of (i) the difference between the daily unused Facility Amount and 50 of the Facility
Amount and (ii) zero, and, (z) thereafter, 0.50 multiplied by the lesser of (1) daily unused Facility Amounts and (2) 20 of the Facility
Amount plus 2.00 multiplied by the greater of (i) the difference between the daily unused Facility Amount and 20 of the Facility Amount
and (ii) zero. Such fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The WF Credit Facility includes the option to downsize the facility by paying
a Commitment Reduction Fee. The Fee is equal to 2.00 of the facility reduction amount prior to the one year anniversary of the closing
of the WF Credit Facility, and 1.00 thereafter. The applicable percentage for PS BDC Funding II s Eligible Loans ranges from 67.5 
for Middle Market Loans to 70 for Broadly Syndicated Loans (as each such term is defined in the Loan Agreement). 

66 

PS BDC Funding II has pledged
all of its assets to U.S. Bank, in its capacity as Collateral Agent, to secure its obligations under the WF Credit Facility and U.S. Bank
acts as the custodian of such assets. Both the Company and PS BDC Funding II have made customary representations and warranties and are
required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements, and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. Borrowing
under the WF Credit Facility is subject to the leverage restrictions contained in the 1940 Act and PS BDC Funding II complies with 1940
Act provisions relating to affiliated transactions and custody. The obligations under the Loan Agreement may be accelerated upon the occurrence
of an event of default under the Loan Agreement, including in the event of a change of control of PS BDC Funding II, if the Investment
Advisor ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Company, or if Palmer Square or its affiliates cease to directly or indirectly own
a majority of the membership interests of the Investment Advisor. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had approximately 126.8 million outstanding and 23.2 million of available Commitments under the WF Credit Facility, and PS BDC Funding
II was in compliance with the applicable covenants in the WF Credit Facility on such date. 

Distribution Policy 

To the extent that we have
income available, we intend to distribute quarterly dividends to our stockholders. Our quarterly dividends, if any, will be determined
by our Board. Any dividends to our stockholders will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. 

We have elected to be treated,
and intend to operate in a manner so as to continuously qualify, as a RIC under the Code. To obtain and maintain RIC tax treatment, among
other things, we must distribute dividends to our stockholders in respect of each taxable year of an amount at least equal to 90 of the
sum of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of our net long-term capital losses investment company
taxable income ), determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed
on RICs, we currently intend to distribute dividends to our stockholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount at least equal
to the sum of: (1) 98 of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for such calendar year; (2) 98.2 
of our capital gains in excess of capital losses capital gain net income ), adjusted for certain ordinary losses, generally
for the one-year period ending on October 31 of such calendar year; and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income for preceding
years that were not distributed during such years and on which we previously paid no U.S. federal income tax. Under certain applicable
provisions of the Code and U.S. Treasury regulations, distributions payable in cash or in shares of stock at the election of the stockholders
are treated as taxable dividends. The IRS has published guidance indicating that this rule will apply even where the total amount of cash
that may be distributed is limited to no more than 20 of the total distribution. Under this guidance, if too many stockholders elect
to receive their distributions in cash, the cash available for distribution must be allocated among the stockholders electing to receive
cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). If we decide to make any distributions consistent with this guidance that are
payable in part in stock, taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend (whether
received in cash, shares of our stock, or a combination thereof) as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain to the extent such distribution
is properly reported as a capital gain dividend) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of any cash received.
If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in
income with respect to the dividend, depending on the value of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S.
stockholders, the Company may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion
of such dividend that is payable in stock. 

67 

For these excise tax purposes,
we will be deemed to have distributed any net ordinary taxable income or capital gain net income on which we have paid U.S. federal income
tax. Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a calendar year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution
in the following calendar year, and pay any applicable U.S. federal excise tax. We may not be able to achieve results that will permit
the payment of cash distributions. 

We currently intend to distribute
net capital gains (i.e., net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually out of the
assets legally available for such distributions. However, we may decide in the future to retain such capital gains for investment, incur
a corporate-level tax on such capital gains, and elect to treat such capital gains as deemed distributions to our stockholders. If this
happens, our stockholders will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as if they had received an actual distribution of the capital
gains that we retain and reinvested the net after tax proceeds in us. In this situation, our stockholders would be eligible to claim a
tax credit equal to their allocable share of the tax we paid on the capital gains deemed distributed to them. We may not be able to achieve
operating results that will permit us to pay any cash distributions, and if we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from making
distributions if doing so would cause us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if such distributions
are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. 

We have adopted a dividend
reinvestment plan that will provide for reinvestment of our dividends and other distributions on behalf of our stockholders, unless a
stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, if our Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then
stockholders who do not opt out of the Company s dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash dividends and distributions
automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving cash dividends and distributions. 

Prior to a Listing, the Board
will use newly-issued shares of the Company s common stock to implement the dividend reinvestment plan. The number of shares of
common stock to be issued to a participant prior to a Listing would be equal to the quotient determined by dividing the cash value of
the dividend payable to such stockholder by the net asset value per share as of the date such dividend was declared. 

After a Listing, the Board
intends to primarily use newly-issued shares to implement the dividend reinvestment plan, whether or not the shares are trading at a price
per share at, below or above net asset value. However, the Board reserves the right to purchase shares in the open market in connection
with the implementation of the dividend reinvestment plan. The Board will examine the full facts and circumstances of each such dividend
to determine the approach (i.e., to use newly issued shares or effectuate open market purchases to implement the dividend reinvestment
plan) that is in the best interests of stockholders taking into account the Board s fiduciary duties to stockholders, including
by weighing the potential dilution in connection with such issuance to be incurred by the Company s stockholders against the Company s
need and usage of reinvested funds. The number of newly issued shares to be issued to a participant would be determined by dividing the
total dollar amount of the dividend payable to such stockholder by the market price per share of our common stock at the close of regular
trading on a national securities exchange on the dividend payment date. Shares purchased in open market transactions by US Bank, the plan
administrator and our transfer agent, registrar, and dividend disbursing agent, will be allocated to a participant based upon the average
purchase price, excluding any brokerage charges or other charges, of all shares of our common stock purchased with respect to the dividend. 

A registered stockholder may
elect to receive an entire distribution in cash by notifying US Bank in writing so that such notice is received by the plan administrator
no later than the record date for distributions to stockholders. The plan administrator will set up an account for shares acquired through
the plan for each stockholder who has not elected to receive dividends or other distributions in cash and hold such shares in noncertificated
form. 

68 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our consolidated financial
statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which requires us
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. 

Critical accounting estimates
are those that require the application of management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often because of the need
to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. The preparation
of these financial statements will require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates
could cause actual results to differ. In addition to the discussion below, we have described our critical accounting estimates in the
notes to our consolidated financial statements. 

Valuation of Portfolio Investments 

In December 2020, the SEC
adopted Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, which permits a BDC s board of directors to either (i) choose to continue to determine fair
value in good faith, or (ii) designate its investment adviser as the valuation designee tasked with determining fair value in good faith,
subject to the board s oversight. Our Board has designated the Investment Advisor to serve as our valuation designee effective August
11, 2022. 

We value investments for which
market quotations are readily available at such market quotations. Assets listed on an exchange will be valued at their last sales prices
as reported to the consolidated quotation service at 4:00 P.M. eastern time on the date of determination. If no such sales of such securities
occurred, such securities will be valued at the mean between the last available bid and ask prices as reported by an independent, third-party
pricing service on the date of determination (unless the prices provided by the pricing service is believed by the Investment Advisor
to be unreliable or a significant event has occurred subsequent to the provision of the prices that the Investment Advisor determines
will affect the fair value of the securities). Debt and equity securities whose market prices are not readily available (or for which
either of the events noted in the parenthetical immediately above occur) are valued at fair value by the Investment Advisor. Such determination
of fair values may involve subjective judgments and estimates, although we will also engage independent valuation providers to review
the valuation of each portfolio investment that constitutes a material portion of our portfolio and that does not have a readily available
market quotation at least once annually. With respect to unquoted securities, our Investment Advisor will value each investment considering,
among other measures, discounted cash flow models, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public and other factors.
With respect to Level 3 assets, we intend to retain one or more independent providers of financial advisory services to assist the Investment
Advisor by performing certain limited third-party valuation services. We may appoint additional or different third-party valuation firms
in the future. 

When an external event such
as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs with respect to a fair-valued portfolio company or comparable
company, the Investment Advisor will use the pricing indicated by the external event in connection with its fair valuation determination
process. Because we expect that there will not be a readily available market for many of the investments in our portfolio, we expect to
value many of our portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith by the Investment Advisor using a documented valuation
policy and a consistently applied valuation process. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that
do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have
been used had readily available market quotations existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. 

69 

Net Realized Gains or Losses and Net Change
in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation 

We measure realized gains
or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, without
regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, but considering unamortized upfront fees and prepayment penalties.
Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period,
including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses are realized. Realized gains
and losses from securities transactions and unrealized appreciation and depreciation of securities are determined using the identified
cost basis method for financial reporting. 

Related Party Transactions 

We have entered into the Advisory
Agreement with the Investment Advisor and the Administration Agreement with the Investment Advisor (in such capacity, the Administrator).
Mr. Christopher D. Long and Mr. Jeffrey D. Fox, each an interested member of our Board, have an indirect pecuniary interest in the Investment
Advisor. The Investment Advisor is a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act that is majority-owned by Palmer Square. See
 Note 3. Agreements and Related Party Transactions Administration Agreement and Investment
Advisory Agreement in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Contractual Obligations 

We have certain contracts
under which we have material future commitments. We have entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Investment Advisor in accordance
with the 1940 Act. Payments for investment advisory services under the Advisory Agreement are equal to (a) a base management fee calculated
at an annual rate of 2.0 of the average value of the weighted average of our total net assets at the end of the two most recently completed
quarters and (b) an incentive fee based on our performance. The Investment Advisor has agreed to waive its right to receive management
fees in excess of 1.75 of the total net assets during any period prior to a Listing. We have entered into an Administration Agreement
with the Administrator to serve as our administrator. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator furnishes us with office
facilities and equipment, provides us with clerical, bookkeeping and recordkeeping services at such facilities, and provides us with other
services necessary for us to operate or has engaged a third-party firm to perform some or all of these functions. 

A summary of our significant
contractual payment obligations related to the repayment of our outstanding indebtedness at December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Payments Due by Period 

Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1-3 years 
 3-5 years 
 After 5 years 
 
 BoA Credit Facility, Net 
 513,726,164 
 - 
 513,726,164 
 - 
 - 
 
 WF Credit Facility, Net 
 127,583,253 
 - 
 127,583,253 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total contractual obligations 
 641,309,417 
 - 
 641,309,417 
 - 
 - 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Unfunded commitments to provide
funds to portfolio companies are not recorded on our consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. Our unfunded commitments may be
significant from time to time. Unfunded commitments may expire without being drawn upon and the total commitment amount does not necessarily
represent future cash requirements. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had two unfunded commitments totaling 2.6 million,
and nine unfunded commitments totaling 11.3 million, respectively. See Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies in
the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for specific identification of the unfunded commitments. We believe we
maintain sufficient liquidity in the form of cash (including restricted cash, if any), receivables and borrowing capacity to fund these
unfunded commitments should the need arise. See Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources above. 

Other than contractual commitments
and other legal contingencies incurred in the normal course of our business, we do not have any off- balance sheet financings or liabilities. 

70 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are subject to financial
market risks, including changes in interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in our earnings that may result from
changes in the level of interest rates. Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income will be
affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance
that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 

Assuming that the consolidated
statement of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 was to remain constant and that we took no actions to alter our existing interest
rate sensitivity, the following table shows the annualized impact of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rate. 

Change in Interest Rates 
 Increase (Decrease) in Interest Income 
 Increase (Decrease) in Interest Expense 
 Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Investment Income 
 
 Down 25 basis points 
 (2,648,808 
 (1,603,125 
 (1,045,683 
 
 Up 100 basis points 
 10,526,946 
 6,412,500 
 4,114,446 
 
 Up 200 basis points 
 20,874,973 
 12,825,000 
 8,049,973 
 
 Up 300 basis points 
 31,156,719 
 19,237,500 
 11,919,219 

The data in the table are
based on our current statement of assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 11.7 million in net purchases that
had not yet settled and 2.6 million in unfunded commitments. After settlement of these purchases, the change in interest expense will
be larger as a result of the increase in the amount borrowed under the BoA Credit Facility or WF Credit Facility, as applicable. The table
does not include any change in dividend income from our money market investments. 

In addition, any investments
we make that are denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to risks associated with changes in currency exchange rates. These
risks include the possibility of significant fluctuations in the foreign currency markets, the imposition or modification of foreign exchange
controls, and potential illiquidity in the secondary market. These risks will vary depending upon the currency or currencies involved. 

We measure exposure to interest
rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations on an ongoing basis and may hedge against interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations
by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options, swaps and forward contracts and credit hedging contracts, such as credit
default swaps, in each case, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes
in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of
investments with fixed interest rates. 

71 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 F-26 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-27 F-44 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, including the consolidated schedules of investments of Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc.
and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
of changes in net assets and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets and its cash flows
for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits of
these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether
due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for
the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we
express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining,
on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 by correspondence with
the custodian, brokers and agent banks. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

March 10, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

PCAOB ID: 

F- 2 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Receivables: 

Receivable for sales of investments 

Receivable for paydowns of investments 

Due from investment adviser 

Dividend receivable 

Interest receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities: 

Credit facilities, net (Note 6) 

Payables: 

Payable for investments purchased 

Distributions payable 

Management fee payable 

Directors fee payable 
 -

Accrued other general and administrative expenses 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

Net Assets: 

Common Shares, par value; shares authorized; and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Total distributable earnings (accumulated deficit) 

Total Net Assets 

Total Liabilities and Net Assets 

Net Asset Value Per Common Share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Statement of Operations 

For the Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Income: 

Investment income from non-controlled, non-affiliated investments: 

Interest income 

Dividend income 

Other income 

Total investment income from non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Total Investment Income 

Expenses: 

Interest expense 

Management fees 

Professional fees 

Directors fees 

Other general and administrative expenses 

Total Expenses 

Less: Management fee waiver (Note 3) 

Net expenses 

Net Investment Income (Loss) 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments and foreign currency transactions 

Net realized gains (losses): 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Total net realized gains (losses) 

Net change in unrealized gains (losses): 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Total net change in unrealized gains (losses) 

Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Per Common Share Data: 

Basic and diluted net investment income per common share

Basic and diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets 

For the Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations: 

Net investment income (loss) 

Net realized gains (losses) on investments and foreign currency transactions 

Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments, foreign currency translations, and foreign currency exchange contracts 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Stockholder Distributions 

Dividends and distributions to stockholders 

Distributions declared from realized gains 

Net Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Stockholder Distributions 

Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Capital Share Transactions 

Issuance of common shares 

Reinvestment of distributions 

Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Capital Share Transactions 

Total Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets 

Net Assets, Beginning of Period 

Net Assets, End of Period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

For the Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash used in operating activities: 

Net realized (gains)/losses on investments 

Net change in unrealized (gains)/losses on investments 

Net accretion of discount on investments 

Purchases of short-term investments 

Purchases of portfolio investments 

Proceeds from sale of short-term investments 

Proceeds from sale of portfolio investments 

Amortization of deferred financing cost 

Increase/(decrease) in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase)/decrease in receivable for sales of investments 

(Increase)/decrease in interest and dividends receivable 

(Increase)/decrease in due from investment adviser 

(Increase)/decrease in receivable for paydowns of investments 

(Increase)/decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets 

Increase/(decrease) in interest payable on credit facilities 
 
 -

Increase/(decrease) in payable for investments purchased 

Increase/(decrease) in management fees payable 

Increase/(decrease) in directors fee payable 
 
 -

Increase/(decrease) in accrued other general and administrative expenses 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Borrowings on the credit facilities 

Payments on the credit facilities 
 
 -

Payments of debt issuance costs 
 -

Distributions paid in cash 

Proceeds from issuance of common shares, net of change in subscriptions receivable of - 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental and Non-Cash Information: 

Interest paid during the period 

Distributions declared during the period 

Reinvestment of distributions during the period 

Distributions payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

Portfolio
 Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal
 / 
 Par 
 Amortized 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Percentage 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Debt Investments 

First
 Lien Senior Secured (2) 

AAdvantage Loyalty IP Ltd. (4)(7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

AccentCare, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Acrisure, LLC (7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

Acrisure, LLC (7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

AI Aqua Merger Sub, Inc., (7)(8) 
 Food Products 
 (S + 

Aimbridge Acquisition Co., Inc. (7) 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

Alliant Holdings Intermediate LLC (7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

Allied Universal Holdco LLC (7) 
 Professional Services 
 (S + CSA + 

Amentum Government Services Holdings LLC (7) 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 (S + 

American Rock Salt Company LLC (7) 
 Metals and Mining 
 (L + 

Amynta Agency Borrower, Inc. (7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

AP Gaming I, LLC (4)(5)(7) 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 (S + CSA + 

Aptean Inc (7)(8) 
 Software 
 (L + 

AQA Acquisition Holding, Inc. (5)(7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

ARC Falcon I Inc. (7) 
 Chemicals 
 (L + 

Aruba Investments Holdings, LLC (7) 
 Chemicals 
 (L + 

Ascend Learning, LLC (7) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

AssuredPartners, Inc. (7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

AssuredPartners, Inc. (7) 
 Insurance 
 (S + 

Athletico Management, LLC (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (S + CSA + 

Autokiniton US Holdings, Inc. (7)(8) 
 Auto Components 
 (L + 

Aveanna Healthcare LLC (4)(5)(7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Barracuda Networks, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (S + 

BBB Industries (8) 
 Auto Components 
 (S + CSA + 

BCP Renaissance Parent LLC (7) 
 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 
 (S + 

Belfor Holdings, Inc. (5)(7) 
 Commercial Services and Supplies 
 (L + 

Castle US Holding Corporation (7)(8) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

Castle US Holding Corporation (8) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

CCI Buyer, Inc. (7)(8) 
 Wireless Telecommunication Services 
 (S + 

F- 7 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

Portfolio Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Interest Rate 
 Maturity 
Date 
 Principal / 
Par 
 Amortized 
Cost (1)(6) 
 Fair 
Value 
 Percentage 
of Net Assets 

CCS-CMGC Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

CDK Global (7) 
 Software 
 (S + 

Congruex Group LLC (8) 
 Construction and Engineering 
 (S + CSA + 

Connectwise LLC (7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Consolidated Communications, Inc. (4)(7) 
 Diversified Telecommunication Services 
 (L + 

ConvergeOne Holdings Corp. (7)(8) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Corelogic, Inc. (7) 
 Internet Software and Services 
 (L + 

CP Atlas Buyer, Inc (7) 
 Building Products 
 (L + 

Creation Technologies, Inc. (4)(8) 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components 
 (L + 

Curia Global, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Dave Buster s, Inc. (4)(5)(7) 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 (S + CSA + 

DCert Buyer, Inc. (7) 
 IT Services 
 (S + 

Deerfield Dakota Holding, LLC (7) 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 (S + 

Delta Topco, Inc. (7) 
 IT Services 
 (S + 

Digi International Inc. (4)(8) 
 Technology Hardware, Storage and Peripherals 
 (L + 

DIRECTV Financing, LLC (7) 
 Media 
 (L + 

Dotdash Meredith, Inc. (7) 
 Media 
 (S + CSA + 

EAB Global, Inc. (7) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

ECI Software Solutions, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

ECL Entertainment, LLC (8) 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

EFS Cogen Holdings I, LLC (7)(8) 
 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 
 (L + 

Endurance International Group, Inc., The (7) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

Ensemble RCM, LLC (7) 
 Healthcare Technology 
 (S + CSA + 

Fertitta Entertainment, LLC (7) 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 (S + 

Filtration Group Corporation (7) 
 Industrial Conglomerates 
 (L + 

Flexera Software LLC (7)(8) 
 Software 
 (L + 

F- 8 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

Portfolio
 Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal
 / 
 Par 
 Amortized 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Percentage 
 of Net Assets 

Garda World Security Corporation (4)(5)(7) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 (S + 

Getty Images, Inc. (5)(7)(8) 
 Media 
 (L + 

GIP III Stetson I, LP (7) 
 Energy Equipment and Services 
 (L + 

Global Medical Response, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Grab Holdings Inc (4)(7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Great Outdoors Group, LLC (7) 
 Specialty Retail 
 (L + 

Grinding Media Inc. (8) 
 Metals and Mining 
 (L + 

HAH Group Holding Company LLC (5)(7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (S + CSA + 

HAH Group Holding Company LLC (5)(7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (S + CSA + 

Hamilton Projects Acquiror, LLC (7)(8) 
 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 
 (L + 

Help/Systems Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (S + CSA + 

Hyland Software, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Idera, Inc. (7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

IMA Financial Group, Inc. (8) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

Ineos US Finance LLC (4)(5)(7) 
 Chemicals 
 (S + CSA + 

Infinite Bidco LLC (7) 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components 
 (L + 

Inmar, Inc. (7)(8) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

Ivanti Software, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Ivanti Software, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Jack Ohio Finance LLC (8) 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

Kestrel Acquisition, LLC (7) 
 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 
 (L + 

Kleopatra Finco S.a.r.l (4)(7) 
 Containers and Packaging 
 (S + CSA + 

LBM Acquisition LLC (7)(8) 
 Building Products 
 (L + 

Life Time, Inc. (4)(7) 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

Lifescan Global Corporation (7) 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 
 (L + 

F- 9 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

Portfolio
 Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal
 / 
 Par 
 Amortized 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Percentage 
 of Net Assets 

Lightstone
 Holdco LLC (7) 
 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity
 Producers 
 (S + 

Lightstone Holdco LLC (7) 
 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 
 (S + 

LogMeIn, Inc. (7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

LSF9 Atlantis Holdings, LLC (7) 
 Specialty Retail 
 (S + 

Magenta Buyer LLC (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Mariner Wealth Advisors, LLC (5)(8) 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 (S + CSA + 

Maxar Technologies, Inc. (4)(5)(7) 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 (S + CSA + 

Medical Solutions L.L.C. (8) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Michael Baker International, LLC (8) 
 Construction and Engineering 
 (L + 

Micro Holding Corp. (7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Midwest Veterinary Partners, LLC (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Milano Acquisition Corporation (5)(7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Minotaur Acquisition, Inc. (7)(8) 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 (S + CSA + 

Mitchell International, Inc. (7) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

MLN US HoldCo LLC (7) 
 Diversified Telecommunication Services 
 (L + 

Moneygram International, Inc. (4)(7) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 (L + 

NAPA Management Services Corporation (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (S + CSA + 

National Mentor Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

National Mentor Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Navicure, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Technology 
 (L + 

NorthStar Group Services, Inc. (7)(8) 
 Commercial Services and Supplies 
 (S + CSA + 

NSM Top Holdings Corp. (7) 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 
 (S + CSA + 

OneDigital Borrower LLC (7) 
 Insurance 
 (S + CSA + 

Orchid Merger Sub II, LLC (4)(7) 
 Software 
 (S + CSA + 

Padagis, LLC (7) 
 Pharmaceuticals 
 (L + 

PECF USS Intermediate Holding III Corporation (8) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

Peraton Corp. (7)(8) 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 (L + 

PetVet Care Centers, LLC (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

PMHC II Inc. (7) 
 Chemicals 
 (S + CSA + 

F- 10 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

Portfolio
 Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal
 / 
 Par 
 Amortized 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Percentage 
 of Net Assets 

PQ Performance Chemicals (7) 
 Chemicals 
 (L + 

Prairie ECI Acquiror LP (7) 
 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 
 (L + 

Pretium PKG Holdings, Inc. (7)(8) 
 Containers and Packaging 
 (L + 

Project Alpha Intermediate Holding, Inc. (5)(7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Project Boost Purchaser, LLC (7) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

Proofpoint, Inc. (5)(7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

PS Holdco, LLC (8) 
 Road and Rail 
 (L + 

PT Intermediate Holdings III LLC (8) 
 Machinery 
 (L + 

PT Intermediate Holdings III LLC (8) 
 Machinery 
 (L + 

PT Intermediate Holdings III LLC (8) 
 Machinery 
 (L + 

PT Intermediate Spider DD T/L (Parts Town) (8) 
 Machinery 
 (L + 

Quest Software US Holdings Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (S + CSA + 

Radiology Partners, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

RC Buyer, Inc. (7) 
 Auto Components 
 (L + 

RealPage, Inc. (7) 
 Real Estate Management and Development 
 (L + 

Red Planet Borrower, LLC (7) 
 Internet Software and Services 
 (L + 

Redstone Holdco 2 LP (7)(8) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Refresco (4)(7) 
 Food Products 
 (S + 

Renaissance Holdings Corp. (7) 
 Software 
 (S + 

Rocket Software, Inc. (5)(7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Rocket Software, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Rodan Fields, LLC (7) 
 Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 
 (L + 

Rohm Holding GMBH (4)(7)(8) 
 Chemicals 
 (L + 

RSC Acquisition, Inc. (8) 
 Insurance 
 (S + CSA + 

Runner Buyer Inc. (8) 
 Household Durables 
 (L + 

Sabert Corporation (8) 
 Containers and Packaging 
 (L + 

Shearer s Foods, LLC (7) 
 Food Products 
 (L + 

Sophia, L.P. (7) 
 Software 
 (S + 

Sovos Compliance, LLC (8) 
 Software 
 (L + 

F- 11 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

Portfolio
 Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal
 / 
 Par 
 Amortized 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Percentage 
 of Net Assets 

Specialty Building Products Holdings,
 LLC (7)(8) 
 Building Products 
 (L + 

Summer BC Holdco B LLC (4)(8) 
 Media 
 (L + 

Surgery Center Holdings, Inc. (4)(7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Tecta America Corp. (7)(8) 
 Construction and Engineering 
 (S + CSA + 

The Edelman Financial Center, LLC (7) 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 (L + 

Thryv, Inc. (4)(7) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

Tidal Power Holdings, LLC (4)(7) 
 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 
 (L + 

Titan US Finco, LLC (4)(8) 
 Media 
 (L + 

Tosca Services, LLC (7) 
 Containers and Packaging 
 (S + CSA + 

Traverse Midstream Partners LLC (7) 
 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 
 (S + CSA + 

Truck Hero, Inc. (7) 
 Auto Components 
 (L + 

U.S. Renal Care, Inc. (7)(8) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

U.S. Renal Care, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

U.S. Silica Company (4)(7) 
 Metals and Mining 
 (L + 

UKG Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

United Airlines, Inc. (4)(7) 
 Airlines 
 (L + 

US Radiology Specialists, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Veracode (7) 
 Software 
 (S + CSA + 

VeriFone Systems, Inc. (7) 
 Commercial Services and Supplies 
 (L + 

Verscend Holding Corp. (7) 
 Healthcare Technology 
 (L + 

Vision Solutions, Inc. (7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

WaterBridge Midstream Operating, LLC (7) 
 Energy Equipment and Services 
 (L + 

Watlow Electric Manufacturing Company (7) 
 Electrical Equipment 
 (S + CSA + 

Wencor Group (7) 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 (S + CSA + 

White Cap Buyer LLC (7)(8) 
 Building Products 
 (S + 

Wilsonart LLC (7)(8) 
 Building Products 
 (L + 

Zelis Cost Management Buyer,
 Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Technology 
 (L + 

Total First
 Lien Senior Secured 

F- 12 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

Portfolio
 Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal
 / 
 Par 
 Amortized 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Percentage 
 of Net Assets 

Second
 Lien Senior Secured (2) 

American Rock Salt Company LLC 
 Metals and Mining 
 (L + 

ARC Falcon I Inc. (7) 
 Chemicals 
 (L + 

Artera Services, LLC (7) 
 Construction and Engineering 
 (L + 

Aruba Investments, Inc. (7) 
 Chemicals 
 (L + 

Asurion, LLC (7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

Barracuda Networks, Inc. 
 Software 
 (S + 

DCert Buyer, Inc. (7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Delta Topco, Inc. 
 IT Services 
 (S + 

Energy Acquisition LP 
 Electrical Equipment 
 (L + 

Epicor Software Corporation (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Help/Systems Holdings, Inc. 
 Software 
 (S + CSA + 

Idera, Inc. 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Infinite Bidco LLC (7) 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components 
 (L + 

Inmar, Inc. (7) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

Ivanti Software, Inc. 
 Software 
 (L + 

Magenta Buyer LLC 
 Software 
 (L + 

Paradigm Outcomes 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (S + CSA + 

Peraton Corp. 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 (L + 

Pretium PKG Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Containers and Packaging 
 (L + 

Quest Software US Holdings Inc. 
 Software 
 (S + 

Vision Solutions, Inc. 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Total Second
 Lien Senior Secured 

Corporate Bonds 

KOBE US Midco 2
 Inc 
 Chemicals 

Total Corporate
 Bonds 

Total Debt
 Investments 

F- 13 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

Portfolio
 Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal
 / 
 Par 
 Amortized 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Percentage 
 of Net Assets 

CLO
 Mezzanine (2) 

522 Funding CLO 2020-6, Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

Barings CLO 2013-IA Class FR (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

Carlyle US CLO 2020-2, Ltd (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

Elmwood CLO III Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

GoldenTree Loan Management US 2020-7A (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

GoldenTree Loan Management US 2021-10A (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

GoldenTree Loan Management US 2021-9A (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

Magnetite CLO, Ltd. 2015-16A (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

Thayer Park CLO, Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

Total CLO
 Mezzanine 

CLO Equity 

Ares CLO Ltd 2021-62A (4) 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 NA 

Babson CLO 2018-4A, Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 NA 

Dryden 86 CLO, Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 NA 

HPS Loan Management 12-2018, Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 NA 

Long Point Park CLO, Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 NA 

Regatta XII Funding Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 NA 

Signal Peak CLO, LLC (4) 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 NA 

Stratus CLO Series 2021-1A
 (4) 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 NA 

Total CLO
 Equity 

Total Other
 Investments 

F- 14 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2022 

Number of 
 
 Fair 
 Percentage 

Shares 
 Cost 
 Value 
 of Net Assets 
 
 Short-Term Investments 

Fidelity Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Institutional Class, 4.10 (9) 

Total Short-Term Investments 

Total Investments 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets 

Net Assets 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

(9) 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 15 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Interest 
 Maturity 
 Principal
 / 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Percentage 
 of Net 
 
 Portfolio Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Rate 
 Date 
 Par 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Value 
 Assets 
 
 Debt
 Investments 

First
 Lien Senior Secured (2) 

AAdvantage
 Loyalty IP Ltd. (4)(7) 
 Airlines 
 (L + 

AccentCare,
 Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Acrisure,
 LLC (7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

Acrisure,
 LLC (7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

AHP
 Health Partners, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Equipment and Supplies 
 (L + 

AI
 Aqua Merger Sub, Inc., (5)(7)(8) 
 Food
 Products 
 (L + 

Aimbridge
 Acquisition Co., Inc. (7) 
 Hotels,
 Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

Air
 Methods Corporation (7) 
 Aerospace
 and Defense 
 (L + 

Alliant
 Holdings Intermediate LLC (7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

Allied
 Universal Holdco LLC (7) 
 Professional
 Services 
 (L + 

Alterra
 Mountain Company (7) 
 Hotels,
 Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

Amentum
 Government Services Holdings LLC (7) 
 Aerospace
 and Defense 
 (L + 

Amentum
 Government Services Holdings LLC (7) 
 Aerospace
 and Defense 
 (L + 

American
 Airlines, Inc. (4)(7) 
 Airlines 
 (L + 

American
 Airlines, Inc. (4)(7) 
 Airlines 
 (L + 

American
 Rock Salt Company LLC (7) 
 Metals
 and Mining 
 (L + 

Amynta
 Agency Borrower, Inc. (7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

AP
 Gaming I, LLC (7) 
 Hotels,
 Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

Applovin
 Corporation (4)(7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Aptean
 Inc (5)(7)(8) 
 Software 
 (L + 

AQA
 Acquisition Holding, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

ARC
 Falcon I Inc. (7) 
 Chemicals 
 (L + 

Arches
 Buyer Inc. (7) 
 Leisure
 Products 
 (L + 

Aristocrat
 International PTY Ltd (4)(5)(7)(8) 
 Hotels,
 Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

Aruba
 Investments Holdings, LLC (7) 
 Chemicals 
 (L + 

Ascend
 Learning, LLC (5)(7) 
 Professional
 Services 
 (L + 

F- 16 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Interest 
 Maturity 
 Principal
 / 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Percentage 
 of Net 
 
 Portfolio Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Rate 
 Date 
 Par 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Value 
 Assets 
 
 AssuredPartners,
 Inc. (7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

Athenahealth,
 Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Equipment and Supplies 
 (L + 

Autokiniton
 US Holdings, Inc. (7)(8) 
 Auto
 Components 
 (L + 

Avaya
 Inc. (4)(7) 
 Diversified
 Telecommunication Services 
 (L + 

Avaya
 Inc. (4)(5)(7) 
 Diversified
 Telecommunication Services 
 (L + 

Aveanna
 Healthcare LLC (4)(7) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Azalea
 TopCo, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Technology 
 (L + 

Barracuda
 Networks, Inc. (7) 
 IT
 Services 
 (L + 

BCP
 Raptor, LLC (5)(7) 
 Oil,
 Gas and Consumable Fuels 
 (L + 

BCP
 Renaissance Parent L.L.C. (5)(7) 
 Oil,
 Gas and Consumable Fuels 
 (L + 

Belfor
 Holdings Inc. (7) 
 Commercial
 Services and Supplies 
 (L + 

Boxer
 Parent Company, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Caesars
 Resort Collection, LLC (4)(7) 
 Hotels,
 Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

Castle
 US Holding Corporation (8) 
 Professional
 Services 
 (L + 

Castle
 US Holding Corporation (8) 
 Professional
 Services 
 (L + 

CCI
 Buyer, Inc. (5)(7)(8) 
 Wireless
 Telecommunication Services 
 (L + 

CCS-CMGC
 Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

CHG
 Healthcare Services, Inc (7) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Connectwise
 LLC (7) 
 IT
 Services 
 (L + 

Consolidated
 Communications, Inc. (4)(7) 
 Diversified
 Telecommunication Services 
 (L + 

ConvergeOne
 Holdings Corp. (7)(8) 
 IT
 Services 
 (L + 

Corelogic,
 Inc. (7) 
 Internet
 Software and Services 
 (L + 

CP
 Atlas Buyer, Inc (7) 
 Building
 Products 
 (L + 

Creation
 Technologies, Inc. (8) 
 Electronic
 Equipment, Instruments and Components 
 (L + 

Curia
 Global, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

DCert
 Buyer, Inc. (7) 
 IT
 Services 
 (L + 

F- 17 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Interest 
 Maturity 
 Principal
 / 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Percentage 
 of Net 
 
 Portfolio Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Rate 
 Date 
 Par 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Value 
 Assets 
 
 Deerfield
 Dakota Holding, LLC (7) 
 Diversified Financial
 Services 
 (L + 

Delek
 US Holdings, Inc. (4)(7) 
 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 
 (L + 

Delta
 Topco, Inc. (7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Digi
 International Inc. (5)(8) 
 Technology Hardware, Storage
 and Peripherals 
 (L + 

DIRECTV
 Financing, LLC (7) 
 Media 
 (L + 

Dotdash
 Meredith, Inc. (7) 
 Media 
 (C + SCA + 

EAB
 Global, Inc. (7) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

ECI
 Software Solutions, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

ECL
 Entertainment, LLC (8) 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

EFS
 Cogen Holdings I LLC (5)(7)(8) 
 Independent Power and Renewable
 Electricity Producers 
 (L + 

Endurance
 International Group, Inc. (7) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

Ensemble
 RCM, LLC (7) 
 Healthcare Technology 
 (L + 

Enterprise
 Development Authority (8) 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

Epicor
 Software Corporation (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Excelitas
 Technologies Corp. (7) 
 Industrial Conglomerates 
 (L + 

Filtration
 Group Corporation (7) 
 Industrial Conglomerates 
 (L + 

Flexera
 Software LLC (7)(8) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Generation
 Bridge Acquisition, LLC (5)(8) 
 Electric Utilities 
 (L + 

Generation
 Bridge Acquisition, LLC (5)(8) 
 Electric Utilities 
 (L + 

Getty
 Images, Inc. (7)(8) 
 Media 
 (L + 

GFL
 Environmental Inc. (4)(7) 
 Commercial Services and Supplies 
 (L + 

Global
 Medical Response, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Grab
 Holdings Inc (4)(5)(7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Great
 Outdoors Group, LLC (7) 
 Specialty Retail 
 (L + 

Grinding
 Media Inc. (8) 
 Metals and Mining 
 (L + 

HAH
 Group Holding Company LLC (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

F- 18 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Interest 
 Maturity 
 Principal
 / 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Percentage 
 of Net 
 
 Portfolio Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Rate 
 Date 
 Par 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Value 
 Assets 
 
 HAH
 Group Holding Company LLC (7) 
 Healthcare Providers
 and Services 
 (L + 

Hamilton
 Projects Acquiror LLC (7)(8) 
 Independent Power and Renewable
 Electricity Producers 
 (L + 

Harbor
 Freight Tools USA, Inc. (7) 
 Specialty Retail 
 (L + 

Help/Systems
 Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

HUB
 International Limited (7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

Hyland
 Software, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Hyperion
 Refinance S.a.r.l. (4)(7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

Idera,
 Inc. (7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

IMA
 Financial Group, Inc. (8) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

Infinite
 Bidco LLC (7) 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments
 and Components 
 (L + 

Inmar,
 Inc. (7)(8) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

IRB
 Holding Corporation (7) 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

Ivanti
 Software, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Ivanti
 Software, Inc. (5)(7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Jack
 Ohio Finance LLC (8) 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

Kestrel
 Acquisition LLC (7) 
 Independent Power and Renewable
 Electricity Producers 
 (L + 

Kleopatra
 Finco S.a.r.l (4)(7) 
 Containers and Packaging 
 (L + 

Landry s
 Finance Acquisition Co 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

LBM
 Acquisition LLC (5)(7)(8) 
 Building Products 
 (L + 

Life
 Time, Inc. (4)(7) 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

Lifescan
 Global Corporation (5)(7) 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 
 (L + 

Lightstone
 Holdco, LLC 
 Independent Power and Renewable
 Electricity Producers 
 (L + 

Lightstone
 Holdco, LLC 
 Independent Power and Renewable
 Electricity Producers 
 (L + 

Lions
 Gate Capital Holdings LLC (4)(7) 
 Media 
 (L + 

LogMeIn,
 Inc. (7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Lucid
 Energy Group II Borrower, LLC (7) 
 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 
 (L + 

F- 19 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Interest 
 Maturity 
 Principal
 / 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Percentage 
 of Net 
 
 Portfolio Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Rate 
 Date 
 Par 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Value 
 Assets 
 
 Magenta
 Buyer LLC (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

McAfee,
 LLC (4)(7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Medical
 Solutions L.L.C. (8) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

MetroNet
 Systems Holdings, LLC (7)(8) 
 Diversified
 Telecommunication Services 
 (L + 

Michael
 Baker International, LLC (8) 
 Construction
 and Engineering 
 (L + 

Micro
 Holding Corp. (7) 
 IT
 Services 
 (L + 

Midwest
 Veterinary Partners, LLC (5)(7) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Milano
 Acquisition Corporation (7) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Minotaur
 Acquisition, Inc. (7)(8) 
 Diversified
 Financial Services 
 (L + 

Mitchell
 International, Inc. (7) 
 Professional
 Services 
 (L + 

MLN
 US HoldCo LLC (7) 
 Diversified
 Telecommunication Services 
 (L + 

Moneygram
 International, Inc. (4)(7) 
 Diversified
 Consumer Services 
 (L + 

National
 Mentor Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

National
 Mentor Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Navicure,
 Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Technology 
 (L + 

Nexus
 Buyer LLC (7) 
 Professional
 Services 
 (L + 

NMSC
 Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

NorthStar
 Group Services, Inc. (5)(7)(8) 
 Commercial
 Services and Supplies 
 (L + 

NSM
 Top Holdings Corp. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Equipment and Supplies 
 (L + 

OneDigital
 Borrower LLC (7) 
 Insurance 
 (C + SCA + 

Orchid
 Merger Sub II, LLC (5)(7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Oregon
 Clean Energy, LLC (7) 
 Independent
 Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 
 (L + 

Pactiv
 Evergreen Group Holdings Inc. (4)(7) 
 Containers
 and Packaging 
 (L + 

Padagis
 LLC (7) 
 Pharmaceuticals 
 (L + 

Pathway
 Vet Alliance LLC (7) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

PECF
 USS Intermediate Holding III Corporation (5)(8) 
 Professional
 Services 
 (L + 

F- 20 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Interest 
 Maturity 
 Principal
 / 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Percentage 
 of Net 
 
 Portfolio Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Rate 
 Date 
 Par 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Value 
 Assets 
 
 Peraton
 Corp. (7)(8) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

PetVet
 Care Centers, LLC (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Phoenix
 Guarantor Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

PODS,
 LLC (7) 
 Road and Rail 
 (L + 

PQ
 Performance Chemicals (7) 
 Chemicals 
 (L + 

Prairie
 ECI Acquiror LP (7) 
 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 
 (L + 

Presidio
 Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

Pretium
 PKG Holdings, Inc. (8) 
 Containers and Packaging 
 (L + 

Prime
 Security Services Borrower, LLC (4)(7) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 (L + 

Project
 Alpha Intermediate Holding, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Project
 Boost Purchaser, LLC (7) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

Proofpoint,
 Inc. (7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

PS
 Holdco, LLC (8) 
 Road and Rail 
 (L + 

PT
 Intermediate Holdings III LLC (8) 
 Machinery 
 (L + 

PT
 Intermediate Holdings III LLC (8) 
 Machinery 
 (L + 

Quest
 Software US Holdings Inc (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Radiate
 Holdco, LLC (7) 
 Media 
 (L + 

Radiology
 Partners, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

RC
 Buyer, Inc. (7) 
 Auto Components 
 (L + 

RealPage,
 Inc. (5)(7) 
 Real Estate Management and
 Development 
 (L + 

Red
 Planet Borrower, LLC (7) 
 Internet Software and Services 
 (L + 

Redstone
 Holdco 2 LP (7)(8) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

RegionalCare
 Hospital Partners Holdings, Inc. (5)(7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Rocket
 Software, Inc. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Rodan
 Fields, LLC (7) 
 Textiles, Apparel and Luxury
 Goods 
 (L + 

Rohm
 Holding GMBH (4)(7)(8) 
 Chemicals 
 (L + 

F- 21 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Interest 
 Maturity 
 Principal
 / 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Percentage 
 of Net 
 
 Portfolio Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Rate 
 Date 
 Par 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Value 
 Assets 
 
 RSC
 Acquisition, Inc. (8) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

RSC
 Acquisition, Inc. (8)(10) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

RSC
 Acquisition, Inc. (8) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

Runner
 Buyer Inc. (8) 
 Household Durables 
 (L + 

Ryan
 Specialty Group LLC (4)(7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

Sabert
 Corporation (7)(8) 
 Containers and Packaging 
 (L + 

Severin
 Acquisition, LLC (7) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 (L + 

Shearer s
 Foods, LLC (7) 
 Food Products 
 (L + 

Sophia,
 L.P. (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Sotera
 Health Holdings, LLC (7) 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 
 (L + 

Sovos
 Compliance, LLC (8) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Specialty
 Building Products Holdings, LLC (5)(7)(8) 
 Building Products 
 (L + 

Springer
 Nature Deutschland GmbH (4)(7) 
 Media 
 (L + 

Summer
 BC Holdco B LLC (4)(8) 
 Media 
 (L + 

Surf
 Holdings, LLC (7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Surgery
 Center Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 (L + 

Talen
 Energy Supply, LLC (7) 
 Independent Power and Renewable
 Electricity Producers 
 (L + 

Tecta
 America Corp. (7)(8) 
 Construction and Engineering 
 (L + 

The
 Edelman Financial Engines Centre, LLC (7) 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 (L + 

Thryv,
 Inc. (4)(7) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

TIBCO
 Software Inc (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Tidal
 Power Holdings, LLC (4)(7) 
 Independent Power and Renewable
 Electricity Producers 
 (L + 

Tiger
 Acquisition, LLC (7) 
 Industrial Conglomerates 
 (L + 

Titan
 US Finco, LLC (4)(8) 
 Media 
 (L + 

Torrid,
 LLC (4)(8) 
 Specialty Retail 
 (L + 

Tory
 Burch LLC (7) 
 Specialty Retail 
 (L + 

F- 22 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Interest 
 Maturity 
 Principal
 / 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Percentage 
 of Net 
 
 Portfolio Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Rate 
 Date 
 Par 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Value 
 Assets 
 
 Tosca
 Services, LLC (7) 
 Containers
 and Packaging 
 (L + 

Traverse
 Midstream Partners LLC (7) 
 Oil,
 Gas and Consumable Fuels 
 (C + SCA + 

Triton
 Water Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Food
 Products 
 (L + 

Truck
 Hero, Inc. (7) 
 Auto
 Components 
 (L + 

U.S.
 Renal Care, Inc. (7)(8) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

U.S.
 Renal Care, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

U.S.
 Silica Company (4)(7) 
 Metals
 and Mining 
 (L + 

Ultimate
 Software Group, The (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

United
 Airlines, Inc. (4)(7) 
 Airlines 
 (L + 

Univision
 Communications Inc. (7) 
 Media 
 (L + 

US
 Radiology Specialists, Inc. (5)(7) 
 Healthcare
 Providers and Services 
 (L + 

VeriFone
 Systems, Inc. (7) 
 Commercial
 Services and Supplies 
 (L + 

Verscend
 Holding Corp. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Technology 
 (L + 

Vision
 Solutions, Inc. (7) 
 IT
 Services 
 (L + 

Watlow
 Electric Manufacturing Company (5)(7) 
 Electrical
 Equipment 
 (L + 

Whatabrands
 LLC (7) 
 Hotels,
 Restaurants and Leisure 
 (L + 

White
 Cap Buyer LLC (5)(7)(8) 
 Building
 Products 
 (L + 

Wilsonart
 LLC (7)(8) 
 Building
 Products 
 (L + 

Zelis
 Cost Management Buyer, Inc. (7) 
 Healthcare
 Technology 
 (L + 

Total
 First Lien Senior Secured 

F- 23 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Interest 
 Maturity 
 Principal
 / 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Percentage 
 of Net 
 
 Portfolio Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Rate 
 Date 
 Par 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Value 
 Assets 
 
 Second
 Lien Senior Secured (2) 

Almonde,
 Inc. (5) 
 Software 
 (L + 

ARC
 Falcon I Inc. (7) 
 Chemicals 
 (L + 

Artera
 Services, LLC (7) 
 Construction and Engineering 
 (L + 

Aruba
 Investments, Inc. (7) 
 Chemicals 
 (L + 

Asurion,
 LLC (5)(7) 
 Insurance 
 (L + 

Curium
 BidCo S.a r.l. (4)(5) 
 Pharmaceuticals 
 (L + 

DCert
 Buyer, Inc. (7) 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Energy
 Acquisition LP (5) 
 Electrical Equipment 
 (L + 8.50 

Epicor
 Software Corporation (5)(7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Help/Systems
 Holdings, Inc. 
 Software 
 (L + 

Idera,
 Inc. 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Infinite
 Bidco LLC (5)(7) 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments
 and Components 
 (L + 

Inmar,
 Inc. (7) 
 Professional Services 
 (L + 

Ivanti
 Software, Inc. (5) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Magenta
 Buyer LLC 
 Software 
 (L + 

Peraton
 Corp. 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Pretium
 PKG Holdings, Inc. (7) 
 Containers and Packaging 
 (L + 

Quest
 Software US Holdings Inc (7) 
 Software 
 (L + 

TIBCO
 Software Inc (5) 
 Software 
 (L + 

Vision
 Solutions, Inc. 
 IT Services 
 (L + 

Total
 Second Lien Senior Secured 

64,718,950 
 64,317,453 
 64,658,512 
 14.3 

Corporate
 Bonds 

Diebold
 Inc (4) 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

KOBE
 US Midco 2 Inc 
 Chemicals 

Total
 Corporate Bonds 

F- 24 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Interest 
 Maturity 
 Principal / 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Percentage 
 of Net 
 
 Portfolio Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Rate 
 Date 
 Par 
 Cost (1)(6) 
 Value 
 Assets 
 
 Convertible
 Bonds 

Dish
 Network Corp (4) 
 Media 

Total
 Convertible Bonds 

Total
 Debt Investments 

CLO
 Mezzanine (2) 

522
 Funding CLO 2020-6, Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

Barings
 CLO Ltd (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

Carlyle
 US CLO 2020-2, Ltd (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

Elmwood
 CLO III Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

GoldenTree
 Loan Management US 2020-7A (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

GoldenTree
 Loan Management US 2021-10A (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

GoldenTree
 Loan Management US 2021-9A (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

HPS
 Loan Management Series 15A-19 (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

Magnetite
 CLO Ltd 2015-16A (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

Thayer
 Park CLO, Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Note 
 (L + 

Total
 CLO Mezzanine 

19,850,000 
 18,907,287 
 19,105,394 
 4.2 

CLO
 Equity 

Ares
 CLO LTD 2021-62A (4) 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 NA 

Dryden
 86 CLO, Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 NA 

Long
 Point Park CLO, Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 NA 

Regatta
 XII Funding Ltd. (4) 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 NA 

Stratus
 CLO Series 2021-1A (4) 
 Structured Subordinated Note 
 NA 

Total
 CLO Equity 

F- 25 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Interest 
 Maturity 
 Number of 
 
 Fair 
 Percentage of Net 
 
 Portfolio Company (3) 
 Industry 
 Rate 
 Date 
 Shares 
 Cost 
 Value 
 Assets 
 
 Custom Truck One Source Inc (4) 
 Commercial Services and Supplies 
 NA 
 NA 

Total Equity Investments 

Total Equity and Other Investments 

Percentage 

Number of 
Shares 
 Cost 
 Fair 
Value 
 of Net 
Assets 
 
 Short-Term Investments 

Fidelity Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Institutional Class, 0.01 (9) 

Total Short-Term Investments 

Total Investments 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets 

Net Assets 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

(9) 

(10) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 26 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 27 

million, representing deferred financing costs of million less accrued interest of million, included in BoA Credit
Facility and WF Credit Facility (each as defined below), net of million on the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities.
As of December 31, 2022, the balance of debt issuance costs was ) million, representing deferred financing costs of million
less accrued interest of million, included in BoA Credit Facility and WF Credit Facility (each as defined below), net of million
on the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities. 

of its investment company taxable income 
for that year, which is generally its ordinary income plus the excess of its realized net short-term capital gains over its realized net
long-term capital losses. 

F- 28 

F- 29 

of the average value of the weighted average (based on the number of shares outstanding each day in the quarter)
of the Company s total net assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. The base management fee for any
partial quarter will be pro-rated based on the number of days actually elapsed in that quarter relative to the total number of days in
such quarter. 

If a Listing does not occur, such fee
waiver will remain in place through liquidation of the Company. The Investment Advisor will not be permitted to recoup any waived amounts
at any time and the waiver may only be modified or terminated prior to a Listing with the approval of the Board. 

F- 30 

F- 31 

Second-lien senior secured debt 

Corporate Bonds 

Convertible Bond 
 -
 
 -

CLO Mezzanine 

CLO Equity 

Equity 
 -
 
 -

Short-term investments 

Total Investments 

of the long-term investment portfolio at amortized cost and of the long-term investment portfolio measured at fair value,
respectively, were invested in non-qualifying assets. As of December 31, 2021 approximately of the long-term investment portfolio
at amortized cost and of the long-term investment portfolio measured at fair value, respectively, were invested in non-qualifying
assets. With respect to the Company s total assets, and of the Company s total assets were in non-qualifying assets
as defined by Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F- 32 

Healthcare Providers and Services 

IT Services 

Professional Services 

Insurance 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 

Building Products 

Chemicals 

Media 

Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 

Diversified Financial Services 

Aerospace and Defense 

Construction and Engineering 

Structured Subordinated Note 

Healthcare Technology 

Metals and Mining 

Auto Components 

Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 

Diversified Consumer Services 

Containers and Packaging 

Structured Note 

Food Products 

Specialty Retail 

Commercial Services and Supplies 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components 

Internet Software and Services 

Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 

Airlines 

Real Estate Management and Development 

Wireless Telecommunication Services 

Machinery 

Pharmaceuticals 

Energy Equipment and Services 
 
 - 
 
 Electrical Equipment 

Road and Rail 

Technology Hardware, Storage and Peripherals 

Industrial Conglomerates 

Household Durables 

Diversified Telecommunication Services 

Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 

Leisure Products 
 - 

Electric Utilities 
 - 

Total 

F- 33 

- 

Second-lien senior secured debt 
 -

-

Corporate Bonds 
 - 
 
 - 

CLO Mezzanine 
 - 
 
 - 

CLO Equity 
 - 
 
 - 

Short Term Investments 
 
 -
 
 -

Total Investments 

-

F- 34 

-

Second-lien senior secured debt 
 -

-

Corporate Bonds 
 -

-

Convertible Bond 
 -

-

CLO Mezzanine 
 -

-

CLO Equity 
 -

-

Equity 
 
 -
 
 -

Short Term Investments 
 
 -
 
 -

Total Investments 

-

after such borrowing. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s asset coverage ratio was . 

The Borrowers ability to draw under the BoA Credit
Facility is scheduled to terminate on February 11, 2025. All amounts outstanding under the BoA Credit Facility are required to be repaid
by February 18, 2025. As the Company raises additional capital, we may enter into additional credit agreements to expand our borrowing
capacity. 

F- 35 

Total debt 

million and accrued interest of thousand. 

Total debt 

million and accrued interest of thousand. 

million and million, respectively. 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Total interest expense 

Average interest rate 

F- 36 

million as of the closing
date of the Loan Agreement. The WF Borrowers ability to draw under the WF Credit Facility is scheduled to terminate on December
18, 2023. All amounts outstanding under the WF Credit Facility are required to be repaid by December 18, 2025. 

Total debt 

Total debt 

million and accrued interest of million. 

F- 37 

million and million, respectively. 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Total interest expense 

Average interest rate 

F- 38 

shares at an aggregate purchase price of million and 
shares at an aggregate purchase price of million, respectively. These amounts include shares issued in reinvestment. 

F- 39 

million and million, respectively, of unfunded commitments to provide debt
financing to its portfolio companies. As of each of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no capital calls or draw requests
made by the portfolio companies to fund these commitments. Such commitments are generally up to the Company s discretion to approve
or are subject to the satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants and involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit
risk in excess of the amount recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of assets and liabilities and are not reflected
in the Company s consolidated statement of assets and liabilities. 

Vocus Group 

Total unfunded commitments 

Aveanna Healthcare LLC 

Culligan Water 

Medical Solutions L.L.C. 

National Mentor Holdings, Inc. 

PT Intermediate Holdings III LLC 

RSC Acquisition, Inc. 

Sovos Compliance, LLC 

Vocus Group 

Total unfunded commitments 

F- 40 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic and diluted

Earnings (loss) per share of common stock - basic and diluted

excise tax on such income, to the extent required. 

F- 41 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from investments 

Other book tax differences 

Taxable income before deductions for distributions 

Capital gains 

Return of Capital 

- 

- 

Total 

Undistributed capital gains 

- 

Other accumulated gain (loss) 

() 

() 
 
 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

() 

Total 

() 

Gross unrealized appreciation 

Gross unrealized depreciation 

() 

() 
 
 Net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

() 

F- 42 

Results of Operations: 

Net Investment Income (1) 

Net Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Investments (1)(4) 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

Distributions to Common Stockholders 

Distributions from Net Investment Income 

Distributions from Realized Gains 

- 
 
 Net Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Distributions 

Net Asset Value, End of Period 

Shares Outstanding, End of Period 

Ratio/Supplemental Data 

Net assets, end of period 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Total Return (3) 

Portfolio turnover 

Ratio of operating expenses to average net assets without waiver (2) 

Ratio of operating expenses to average net assets with waiver (2) 

Ratio of net investment income (loss) to average net assets without waiver (2) 

Ratio of net investment income (loss) to average net assets with waiver (2) 

(2) (3) (4) 

F- 43 

Net expenses 

Net investment income (loss) 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments, and foreign currency transactions 

Net unrealized gain (loss) on investments, foreign currency translations, and foreign currency contracts 

Increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Net asset value per share as of the end of the quarter 

Net expenses 

Net investment income (loss) 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments, and foreign currency transactions 

Net unrealized gain (loss) on investments, foreign currency translations, and foreign currency contracts 

Increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Net asset value per share as of the end of the quarter 

shares of its
common stock at an aggregate purchase price of million. The issuance of the shares of common stock was exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D thereof. 

shares of its
common stock at an aggregate purchase price of thousand. The issuance of the shares of common stock was exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D thereof. 

million of shares of its common stock (with the final number of shares of common stock to be determined based
on the to-be-determined net asset value per share). The offer and sale of the shares of common stock was exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D thereof. 

million. 

40 . 

per share, or , of which a cash distribution of was paid on January 13,
2023 and the remainder was paid in common stock through the Company s dividend reinvestment plan. 

F- 44 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act), as of the end
of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on
the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management (with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during our fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE
REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

72 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Certain information with respect
to the directors of the Company is set forth below, including their names, ages, a brief description of their recent business experience,
including present occupations and employment, certain directorships that each person holds, and the year in which each person became a
director. 

For purposes of this presentation,
our directors have been divided into two groups independent directors and interested directors. Interested directors are interested
persons as defined in the 1940 Act. Christopher D. Long and Jeffrey D. Fox are interested directors of the Company because they
are officers of the Company and/or the Investment Advisor. 

Directors 

Name, Address and Age (1) 
 
 Position(s) 
held with 
Company 
 
 Term of Office and Length 
of Time Served 
 
 Principal Occupation(s) 
During the Past 5 Years 
 
 Other Public 
Directorships Held 
During the Past 5 years (2) 
 
 Independent Director 

Christopher C. Nelson 48 
 
 Director 
 
 Class II Director since November 2019; Term Expires 2023 
 
 Wealth Advisor at SeaCrest Wealth Management, a financial advisory firm, since May 2018. Vice President at Enterprise Trust Company, an investment management firm, from February 2013 to February 2018. 
 
 None 
 
 Megan L. Webber 48 
 
 Director 
 
 Class I Director since November 2019; Term Expires 2025 
 
 Financial Reporting Manager at The Anschutz Corporation, a private holding company. 
 
 Member of the Board of Trustees of Palmer Square Opportunistic Income Fund since August 2014. Member of the Board of Trustees of Montage Managers Trust, a registered investment company (ceased operations in 2017). 
 
 James W. Neville Jr. 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Class III Director since November 2019; Term Expires 2024 
 
 Proprietary trader and investor. Portfolio Manager at Great Plains Principal Trading, an asset management firm, from January 2012 through June 2019. 
 
 Member of the Board of Trustees of Palmer Square Opportunistic Income Fund since August 2014. Member of the Board of Trustees of Montage Managers Trust, a registered investment company (ceased operations in 2017). 
 
 Interested Director 

Christopher D. Long 47 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Class I Director since November 2019; Term Expires 2025 
 
 Chief Executive Officer of Palmer Square Capital Management LLC. 
 
 Member of the Board of Trustees of Palmer Square Opportunistic Income Fund from August 2014 to October 2018. 
 
 Jeffrey D. Fox 47 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Class III Director since November 2019; Term Expires 2024 
 
 President of Palmer Square Capital Management LLC since March 2020. Managing Director of Palmer Square Capital Management LLC from April 2013 to March 2020. 
 
 None 

(1) 
 The business address of each of our directors is c/o Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc., 1900 Shawnee Mission Parkway, Suite 315, Mission Woods, Kansas 66205. 

(2) 
 No director otherwise serves as a director of an investment company subject to the 1940 Act. 

73 

Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors 

Information regarding our
executive officers who do not serve on the Board is as follows: 

Name, Address and Age (1) 
 
 Positions held with Company 
 
 Principal Occupation(s) During the Past 5 Years 
 
 Angie K. Long 48 
 
 Chief Investment Officer 
 
 Ms.
 Long was appointed as our Chief Investment Officer in 2019. Ms. Long also serves as Chief Investment Officer of PSCM and has key
 responsibilities for all investment-related activities at PSCM. Prior to joining PSCM in 2011, Ms. Long worked for JPMorgan Chase
 Co. in New York for 13 years. Ms. Long held many senior roles including Deputy Head of North American Credit Trading, Head of
 High Yield Trading, and Head of Credit Derivatives Trading. Ms. Long has been a trader of many products including high yield bonds,
 high yield credit derivatives, distressed debt, capital structure arbitrage, and structured credit. In addition, she worked with the
 Global Head of Credit Trading to help oversee risk management for the High Yield and High Grade credit trading books. Ms. Long is
 married to Christopher D. Long, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Ms. Long received an AB degree in Economics
 from Princeton University and is also a CFA charterholder. 

Matthew L. Bloomfield 42 
 
 President 
 
 Mr.
Bloomfield was appointed as our President in 2022. Mr. Bloomfield is the Portfolio Manager for PSCM s US CLO management platform
and has key responsibilities for all of PSCM s leveraged loan product offerings and risk management. He is a member of both the
US and European CLO investment committees, as well as a member of the Company s Investment Committee. Prior to joining PSCM in
2015, Mr. Bloomfield worked at Golub Capital in Chicago, most recently as an Associate Portfolio Manager within the Broadly Syndicated
Loan Group where he focused on investing in leveraged loans via CLOs and separately managed accounts. Prior to joining Golub Capital,
Mr. Bloomfield worked at Giuliani Capital Advisors in Chicago as an Analyst and subsequently Associate in the Investment Banking Group
where he focused on special situations and restructuring mandates. Mr. Bloomfield earned an MBA in Finance from Northwestern University s
Kellogg School of Management, as well as a BS and BGS in Business Administration and Economics, respectively, from the University of
Kansas. 

Scott A. Betz 45 
 
 Chief Compliance Officer 
 
 Mr. Betz was appointed as our Chief Compliance Officer in 2019. Prior to joining in 2019, Mr. Betz worked for over 14 years at Scout Investments, most recently as Chief Operating Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Treasurer. Prior to joining Scout Investments, Mr. Betz worked for over six years at UMB Bank as a Performance Measurement Specialist and subsequently as Investment Technology Officer. Mr. Betz received an MBA degree and a BA degree in Political Science from the University of Missouri-Kansas City. 

(1) 
 The business address of each of our officers is c/o Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc., 1900 Shawnee Mission Parkway, Suite 315, Mission Woods, Kansas 66205. 

Information About Each Director s Experience, Qualifications,
Attributes or Skills 

The Board believes that, collectively,
the directors have balanced and diverse experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, which allow the Board to operate effectively
in governing the Company and protecting the interests of its stockholders. Below is a description of the various experiences, qualifications,
attributes and/or skills with respect to each director considered by the Board. 

Interested Directors 

Christopher D. Long 

Mr. Long was appointed as
our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in 2019 and has served on our Board since November 2019. Mr. Long has also served as Chief Executive
Officer of our Investment Advisor since 2019 and Chief Executive Officer of PSCM since 2009 and is responsible for managing our Investment
Advisor s and PSCM s overall business. Mr. Long also served as our President from November 2019 to March 2022 and as President
of PSCM from 2009 to March 2020. Since PSCM s inception, Mr. Long has been successful in not only building a highly-experienced
investment team, but also an integrated credit investment platform that manages mutual fund offerings, private funds and separately managed
accounts. PSCM has a client list that spans not only institutions and family offices, but also registered investment advisers, banks/trusts,
and broker-dealers. Mr. Long s previous work experience includes key investment roles at Prairie Capital and Sandell Asset Management
as well as working at Morgan Stanley in the Credit Derivatives and Distressed Securities Group focused on the firm s proprietary
investments. Before Morgan Stanley, he worked at TH Lee Putnam Ventures, a private equity fund sponsored by Thomas H Lee Partners and
Putnam Investments. In that role, he also served on the Board of Directors of Avero, Inc. and was a Board Observer for Parago, Inc. He
started his career at JPMorgan Co. in Leveraged Finance and Mergers Acquisitions (FIG Group) advising corporations and private
equity firms on investment banking and capital markets. Mr. Long previously served on the board of trustees of Palmer Square Opportunistic
Income Fund (Nasdaq) from August 2014 to October 2018. Mr. Long is married to Angie K. Long, our Chief Investment Officer. He received
an MBA degree from the Harvard Business School and an AB degree in Economics cum laude from Princeton University. The Board believes that
Mr. Long s strong investment and operating leadership experience qualifies him to serve on the Board. 

74 

Jeffrey D. Fox 

Mr. Fox was appointed as our
Chief Financial Officer in 2019 and has served on our board since November 2019. Mr. Fox has also served as Chief Financial Officer of
our Investment Advisor since 2019 and as President of PSCM since March 2020. Mr. Fox previously served as our Treasurer from November
2019 to March 2022 and as Managing Director of PSCM from April 2013 to March 2020. Prior to joining Palmer Square in April 2013, Mr. Fox
worked for Sandler O Neill and Partners from September 2011 to March 2013 where he was a Managing Director within Fixed Income where
he was involved in the structuring and sales of many products including Collateralized Loan Obligations. Before Sandler O Neill,
Mr. Fox worked for Soci t G n rale as a Director within Global Markets Advisory where he was instrumental
in the US CDO/CLO and RMBS Credit Advisory effort. His work included the restructuring of various structured credit legacy positions for
European institutions as well as the modeling behind the corporate rating and pricing for various structured products. Prior to Soci t 
G n rale, Mr. Fox was employed by JPMorgan Chase Co/Bear Stearns, where he was an Associate Director in the FAST organization
focusing on the structuring of Trust Preferred CDOs and CLOs. Also while at Bear Stearns, Mr. Fox managed the global CDO analytics desk
which included intensive credit modeling of various asset classes. Mr. Fox received a MS degree in Computer Information Systems from Arizona
State University and a BS degree in Mathematics and Geology from Northern Arizona University. Mr. Fox holds the Series 7 and 63 licenses.
The Board believes that Mr. Fox s strong operational and financial experience qualifies him to serve on the Board. 

Independent Directors 

Megan L. Webber 

Ms. Webber has served on our
Board since November 2019. Ms. Webber is a Financial Reporting Manager at The Anschutz Corporation, where she has worked for over 19 years.
Prior to Anschutz Corporation, she was a Supervising Audit Senior at KPMG, LLP from 1997 to 2000. Ms. Webber has served on the board of
trustees of Palmer Square Opportunistic Income Fund (Nasdaq) since 2014, and previously served on the board of trustees of Montage Managers
Trust from July 2015 to March 2017. Ms. Webber received a BS in Accounting from Indiana University and received her CPA license in 1997.
The Board believes that Ms. Webber s strong financial and audit experience qualifies her to serve on the Board. 

James W. Neville Jr. 

Mr. Neville has served on
our Board since November 2019. Mr. Neville is an active proprietary trader and investor. He was a Portfolio Manager at Great Plains Principal
Trading from January 2012 through June 2019. Prior to Great Plains Principal Trading, Mr. Neville served as a proprietary trader for over
23 years, focusing on agriculture futures and options as well as stock index futures and energy. Mr. Neville has served on the board of
directors of Palmer Square Opportunistic Income Fund (Nasdaq) since 2014. The Board believes that Mr. Neville s strong investment
management and trading experience qualifies him to serve on the Board. 

Christopher C. Nelson 

Mr. Nelson has served on our
Board since November 2019. Mr. Nelson is a Wealth Advisor at SeaCrest Wealth Management, where he has worked since May 2018. Prior to
SeaCrest Wealth Management, Mr. Nelson was a Vice President at Enterprise Trust Company from February 2013 to February 2018, where he
led the Kansas City team. Prior to that, Mr. Nelson held investment management roles at The Private Bank, Kornitzer Capital Management,
and The Bank of New York. Mr. Nelson received a Bachelor of Arts in English from Gettysburg College in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. The Board
believes that Mr. Nelson s strong investment management experience qualifies him to serve on the Board. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act requires the Company s officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our Common Stock, to file reports
of securities ownership and changes in such ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors, and greater than 10 stockholders also are required
by SEC rules to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based solely on the Company s
review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by such persons and information provided by the Company s directors and officers, the Company
believes that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to such persons were met
in a timely manner, with the following inadvertent exception: Mr. Matthew L. Bloomfield, one of our executive officers, filed late one
Form 3 with respect to one transaction in shares of Common Stock during the reporting period. 

75 

Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics and Insider Trading Policy 

We expect each of our officers
and directors, as well as any person affiliated with our operations, to act in accordance with the highest standards of personal and professional
integrity at all times and to comply with the Company s policies and procedures and all laws, rules and regulations of any applicable
international, federal, provincial, state or local government. To this effect, the Board has adopted a Code of Ethics. The Code of Ethics
applies to all of the Company s directors and officers. 

As required by the 1940 Act
and the Advisers Act, we and our Investment Advisor have each adopted a Code of Ethics that establishes procedures that apply to our directors,
executive officers, officers, their respective staffs and the employees of our Investment Advisor with respect to their personal investments
and investment transactions. Our Code of Ethics generally does not permit investments by our directors, officers or any other covered
person in securities that may be purchased or held by us. 

Nomination of Directors 

There have been no material
changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board since the filing of our Proxy Statement for our 2022
Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Audit Committee 

The members of our Audit Committee
are Megan L. Webber, James W. Neville Jr. and Christopher C. Nelson, each of whom meets the independence standards established by the
SEC for audit committees and is independent for purposes of the 1940 Act. Ms. Webber serves as Chair of our Audit Committee. Our Board
has determined that Ms. Webber is an audit committee financial expert under SEC rules. Our Audit Committee s responsibilities
include selecting our independent registered public accounting firm; reviewing with such independent registered public accounting firm
the planning, scope and results of their audit of our financial statements; pre-approving the fees for services performed; reviewing,
in consultation with the independent registered public accounting firm, the adequacy of internal control systems; reviewing our annual
financial statements; overseeing internal audit staff, if any, and periodic filings; and receiving our audit reports and financial statements. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

None of our officers receives
direct compensation from us. However, Messrs. Long, Fox and Bloomfield and Ms. Long, through their indirect financial interests in
our Investment Advisor, have an indirect pecuniary interest in the investment advisory fees paid by us under the Advisory Agreement. In
addition, the Company is responsible for expenses incurred by the Administrator in connection with administering the Company s business,
including making payments to the Administrator based upon the Company s allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead
and other expenses associated with performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses
associated with performing compliance functions and the allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of the Company s
Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer and their respective administrative support staffs. 

76 

Compensation of Directors 

The Independent Directors
receive an annual fee of 25,000. They also receive reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
attending each regular Board meeting, each special meeting and each committee meeting attended. We have obtained directors and
officers liability insurance on behalf of our directors and officers. No compensation is paid to directors who are interested
persons. The Board reviews and determines the compensation of Independent Directors. 

The following table shows
information regarding the compensation earned by our directors for the year ended December 31, 2022. No compensation is paid by us to
any interested director or executive officer of the Company. 

Name 
 Aggregate Compensation from Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. (1) 
 Pension or Retirement Benefits Accrued as Part of Our Expenses (2) 
 Total Compensation from Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. Paid to Director (1) 
 
 Independent Directors 

Megan L. Webber 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 
 
 James W. Neville Jr. 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 
 
 Christopher C. Nelson 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 
 
 Interested Directors 

Christopher D. Long 

Jeffrey D. Fox 

(1) 
 For a description of the Independent Directors compensation, see above. 

(2) 
 We do not have a profit-sharing or retirement plan, and directors do not receive any pension or retirement benefits. 

Compensation Committee 

The Company does not have
a compensation committee because its executive officers do not receive compensation from us. The Board, as a whole, is responsible for
reviewing the reimbursement by the Company to the Administrator of the allocable portion of the cost of the Company s Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs on an annual basis and also participates in the consideration of director
compensation. Decisions on director compensation are based on a review of data of comparable BDCs. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table shows
information as of the February 28, 2023, unless otherwise indicated, regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by: (i) each
person known to the Company to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock; (ii) each director of the
Company; (iii) each executive officer of the Company; and (iv) all directors and executive officers as a group. With respect
to persons known to the Company to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Company bases such knowledge
on beneficial ownership filings made by the holders with the SEC and other information known to the Company. 

77 

The percentage ownership
is based on 24,408,165 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding as of February 28, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, all persons
named as beneficial owners of our Common Stock have sole voting power and sole investment power with respect to the shares indicated
as beneficially owned. None of the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by our officers or directors has been pledged as security
for an obligation. In addition, unless otherwise indicated, the address for each person named below is c/o Palmer Square Capital BDC
Inc., Attention: Secretary, 1900 Shawnee Mission Parkway, Suite 315, Mission Woods, Kansas 66205. 

Name and Address 
 Shares Owned (1) 
 Percentage of Common Stock Outstanding (2) 
 
 Christopher D. Long 
 32,806 (3) 

Jeffrey D. Fox 
 9,690 

Megan L. Webber 

James W. Neville Jr. 

Christopher C. Nelson 

Angie K. Long 
 32,806 (3) 

Scott A. Betz 
 4,932 

Matthew L. Bloomfield 
 22,195 

All directors and executive officers as a group (8 persons) 
 69,623 

Excelsior Holdings D2 LLC (4) 
 3,288,139 
 13.47 
 
 Alaris Master Fund, LP (5) 
 3,268,139 
 13.39 
 
 Caravel Holdings LLC (6) 
 3,983,290 
 16.32 
 
 Martin C. Bicknell (7) 
 2,346,812 
 9.61 
 
 Chinquapin Trust Company (8) 
 1,407,445 
 5.77 

Represents less than 1.0 of the issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock as of the Record Date. 

(1) Beneficial
ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 

(2) Based
on a total of 24,408,165 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of February 28, 2023. 

(3) Includes
32,806 shares of Common Stock indirectly held by the Angie K. Long Irrevocable Trust, for which Mr. Long and Ms. Long disclaim beneficial
ownership except to the extent of his or her pecuniary interests therein. 

(4) As
of February 28, 2023, Excelsior Holdings D2 LLC Excelsior owned 3,288,139 shares of our Common Stock. Excelsior Holdings
D LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Holdings LLC is the managing member of Excelsior. As managing member of Excelsior,
Holdings LLC exercises dispositive and voting power over the shares beneficially owned by Excelsior. The principal business address of
each of Excelsior and Holdings LLC is 6000 France Ave. S., Suite 550, Minneapolis, Minnesota, 55435. 

(5) As
of February 28, 2023, Alaris Master Fund LP owned 3,268,139 shares of our Common Stock. Alaris Capital, LLC is the general partner of
Alaris Master Fund LP and may be deemed to be an indirect beneficial owner of the shares. The principal business address of each of Alaris
Master Fund LP and Alaris Capital, LLC is 4900 Main Street, Suite 600, Kansas City, Missouri 64112. 

(6) Based
on information provided in a Schedule 13G/A filed on October 18, 2021 and a Form 4 filed on October 18, 2021, Caravel Holdings LLC reported
shared voting and dispositive power with respect to 3,983,290 shares of our Common Stock. The shares are owned directly by Caravel Holdings
LLC, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Seaboard Foods LLC, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Seaboard Corporation. Seaboard Foods
LLC and Seaboard Corporation may each be deemed to be an indirect beneficial owner of the shares. The principal business address of each
of Caravel Holdings LLC, Seaboard Foods LLC and Seaboard Corporation is 9000 West 67th Street, Merriam, Kansas 66202. 

(7) As
of February 28, 2023, Martin Christopher Bicknell beneficially owned 2,346,812 shares of our Common Stock. 1,562,896 shares are owned
directly by 1248 Holdings, LLC and 783,915 shares are owned directly by BFFV19, LLC. Mr. Bicknell is the Elected Manager of each of the
entities that collectively own all of the outstanding membership interests of BFFV19, LLC, and has sole voting and dispositive power
over the shares owned by 1248 Holdings, LLC, and thus, Mr. Bicknell may be deemed to be an indirect beneficial owner of the shares owned
by each of BFFV19, LLC and 1248 Holdings, LLC. The principal business address of each of BFFV19, LLC, 1248 Holdings, LLC and Mr. Bicknell
is 5700 W 112th Street, Suite 500, Overland Park, Kansas 66211. 

(8) As
of February 28, 2023, Chinquapin Trust Company owned 1,407,445 shares of our Common Stock. The shares are held of record by Limit 
Co., which serves as nominee for Chinquapin Trust Company. Chinquapin Trust Company has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares
and is deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares. The principal business address for Chinquapin Trust Company is 2480 Pershing
Rd, Suite 600, Kansas City, Missouri 64108. 

78 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions with Related Persons 

Investment Advisory Agreement 

We have entered into the Advisory
Agreement with our Investment Advisor pursuant to which we pay the Investment Advisor a base management fee and incentive fee (which incentive
fee is only payable following a listing of the Company s Common Stock on a national securities exchange) in exchange for the Investment
Advisor s services sourcing, reviewing and structuring investment opportunities for us, underwriting and performing diligence on
our investments and monitoring our investment portfolio on an ongoing basis. Our Board initially approved the Advisory Agreement at an
in-person meeting in November 2019, and the Company entered into the Advisory Agreement in January 2020. Our Board most recently determined
to re-approve the Advisory Agreement for an additional one-year term at a meeting held in November 2022. Messrs. Long, Fox and Bloomfield
and Ms. Long, through their indirect financial interests in our Investment Advisor, have an indirect pecuniary interest in the investment
advisory fees paid by us under the Advisory Agreement. Under the incentive fee structure, our adjusted net investment income for purposes
thereof will be computed and paid on income that may include interest income that has been accrued but not yet received in cash. This
fee structure may give rise to a conflict of interest for our Investment Advisor to the extent that it encourages the Investment Advisor
to favor debt financings that provide for deferred interest, rather than current cash payments of interest. Additionally, in the Investment
Advisor s capacity as our valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, we rely on investment professionals from
the Investment Advisor in connection with the valuation of our portfolio investments. While the valuation for each portfolio investment
that constitutes a material portion of our portfolio and that does not have a readily available market quotation will be reviewed by an
independent valuation firm at least once annually, the ultimate determination of fair value will be made by our Investment Advisor (subject
to the Board s oversight) and not by such third-party valuation firm. The participation of the Investment Advisor s investment
professionals in our valuation process could result in a conflict of interest as the Investment Advisor s management fee is based,
in part, on the value of our total net assets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Investment Advisor earned a base management fee
of 8.3 million, offset by 1.0 million in management fee waiver from the Investment Advisor, and did not earn an incentive fee, as our
Common Stock was not listed on a national securities exchange. 

Administration Agreement 

We have entered into the Administration
Agreement with the Administrator pursuant to which the Administrator furnishes us with office facilities and equipment and provides us
with clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services. Our Board approved the Administration Agreement in November
2019, and the Company entered into the Administration Agreement in January 2020. Our Board most recently determined to re-approve the
Administration Agreement for an additional one-year term at a meeting held in November 2022. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator
performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other things, being responsible for
the financial records which we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. 

Resource Sharing Agreement 

The Investment Advisor is
an affiliate of PSCM, with whom it has entered into a resource sharing agreement (the Resource Sharing Agreement ). Under
this agreement, PSCM provides the Investment Advisor experienced investment professionals and access to the senior investment personnel
and other resources of PSCM and its affiliates. The Resource Sharing Agreement provides the Investment Advisor with access to deal flow
generated by the professionals of PSCM and its affiliates and commits the members of the Investment Advisor s investment committee
to serve in that capacity. The Investment Advisor seeks to capitalize on what we believe to be the significant deal origination, credit
underwriting, due diligence, investment structuring, execution, portfolio management and monitoring experience of PSCM s investment
professionals. The Resource Sharing Agreement may be terminated by either party on 60 days notice. 

License Agreement 

We have also entered into
a license agreement (the License Agreement with Palmer Square under which Palmer Square has granted us a non-exclusive,
royalty-free license to use the name Palmer Square for specified purposes in our business. Under the License Agreement,
we have a right to use the Palmer Square name, subject to certain conditions, for so long as our Investment Advisor or one
of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we will have no legal right to the
 Palmer Square name. 

79 

Policies and Procedures for Managing Conflicts; Co-investment Opportunities 

We have procedures in place
for the review, approval and monitoring of transactions involving the Company and certain persons related to the Company. As a BDC, the
1940 Act restricts us from participating in certain transactions with certain persons affiliated with the Company, including our officers,
directors, and employees and any person controlling or under common control with us. In addition, each of our directors and executive
officers is required to complete questionnaire on an annual basis designed to elicit information about any potential related-party transactions.
In order to ensure that we do not engage in any prohibited transactions with any persons affiliated with the Company, our officers screen
each of our transactions for any possible affiliations, close or remote, between the proposed portfolio investment, the Company, companies
controlled by us and our employees and directors. We will not enter into any transactions unless and until we are satisfied that the transaction
is not prohibited by the 1940 Act or, if such prohibitions exist, we have taken appropriate actions to seek Board review and approval
or exemptive relief from the SEC for such transaction. 

The Investment Advisor, Palmer
Square, and their affiliates, partners and employees (collectively, PSCM Affiliates may engage in any other business and
furnish investment management and advisory services and other types of services to others which may include, without limitation, serving
as investment manager or sponsor of other collective investment vehicles or managed accounts that acquire interests in, provide financing
to or otherwise deal in securities or other investments that would be suitable investments for us. PSCM Affiliates furnish investment
management or advisory services to other persons with investment policies similar or different to those of us. Such persons may own securities
or other instruments of the same class or type or which may be senior to those held by us, and they have incentives, financial or otherwise,
to favor certain accounts or vehicles over others. There is no assurance that accounts with similar strategies or investment objectives
will hold the same investments or perform in a similar manner. This and other future activities of PSCM Affiliates may give rise to additional
conflicts of interest. 

Subject to certain 1940 Act
restrictions on co-investments with affiliates or in accordance with the conditions of the co-investment exemptive relief provided by
the SEC (as discussed below), the Investment Advisor offers us the right to participate in all investment opportunities that it determines
are appropriate for us in view of our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements
and other relevant factors. Such offers are subject to the exception that, in accordance with the Investment Advisor s code of ethics
and allocation policies, we might not participate in each individual opportunity but, on an overall basis, the Investment Advisor will
seek to allocate investments across applicable client accounts in a manner that is fair and equitable on an overall basis. 

We, the Investment Advisor
and Palmer Square have been granted exemptive relief from the SEC to permit greater flexibility to negotiate the terms of co-investments
if our Board determines that it would be advantageous for us to co-invest with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed
by Palmer Square in a manner consistent with our investment objectives, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory
requirements and other pertinent factors. We believe that co-investment by us and investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed
by the Investment Advisor and its affiliates, including Palmer Square, may afford us additional investment opportunities and an ability
to achieve greater diversification. Accordingly, our exemptive order permits us to invest with these investment funds, accounts and investment
vehicles managed in the same portfolio companies under circumstances in which such investments would otherwise not be permitted by the
1940 Act. Our exemptive relief permitting co-investments applies only if our independent directors review and approve each co-investment.
The exemptive relief imposes other constraints on co-investments that limit the number of instances when the Company may rely on its protections. 

The Investment Advisor and
its affiliates have both subjective and objective policies and procedures in place that are designed to manage the potential conflicts
of interest between the Investment Advisor s fiduciary obligations to us and its similar fiduciary obligations to other clients.
To the extent that we compete with entities sponsored or managed by the Investment Advisor or its affiliates for a particular investment
opportunity, the Investment Advisor will allocate investment opportunities across the entities for which such opportunities are appropriate,
consistent with (1) its internal conflict of interest and allocation policies, (2) the requirements of the Advisers Act, and (3) certain
restrictions under the 1940 Act regarding co-investments with affiliates. The Investment Advisor s allocation policies are intended
to ensure that, over time, we may generally share equitably with other accounts sponsored or managed by the Investment Advisor or its
affiliates in investment opportunities, particularly those involving a security with limited supply or involving differing classes of
securities of the same issuer which may be suitable for us and such other accounts. There can be no assurance that the Investment Advisor s
or its affiliates efforts to allocate any particular investment opportunity fairly among all clients for whom such opportunity
is appropriate will result in an allocation of all or part of such opportunity to us. Not all conflicts of interest can be expected to
be resolved in our favor. 

Director Independence 

The 1940 Act requires that
at least a majority of the Company s directors not be interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Company.
On an annual basis, each member of our Board is required to complete an independence questionnaire designed to provide information to
assist the Board in determining whether the director is independent under the 1940 Act and our corporate governance guidelines. Our Board
has determined that each of our directors, other than Mr. Christopher D. Long and Mr. Jeffrey D. Fox, is independent under the 1940 Act.
Our governance guidelines require any director who has previously been determined to be independent to inform the Chairman of the Board
and our Secretary of any change in circumstance that may cause his or her status as an Independent Director to change. The Board limits
membership on the Audit Committee to Independent Directors. 

80 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following aggregate fees
by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Company s independent registered accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, were billed to the Company for work attributable to audit, tax and other services provided to the Company for such
fiscal year. 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 343,010 
 301,970 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 45,000 
 40,000 
 
 Tax Fees 
 42,000 
 40,000 
 
 All Other Fees 
 900 
 900 
 
 Total 
 430,910 
 382,870 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that were provided by PwC for
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related services consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax Fees 

Tax fees consist of fees billed
for professional services for tax compliance and filings. These services include assistance regarding federal, state, and local tax compliance
and filings. 

All Other Fees 

Other fees would include fees
billed for products and services other than the services reported above. 

The Audit Committee has established
a pre-approval policy that describes the permitted audit, audit-related, tax and other services to be provided by PwC, the Company s
independent auditor. The policy requires that the Audit Committee pre-approve the audit and permissible non-audit services performed by
the independent auditor in order to assure that the provision of such service does not impair the auditor s independence. 

Any requests for audit, audit-related,
tax and other services that have not received general pre-approval must be submitted to the Audit Committee for specific pre-approval,
and cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre-approval is provided at regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit
Committee. However, the Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member or members to whom
such authority is delegated must report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee
does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the independent auditor to management. 

81 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT 

The following is a list of
our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 8 of Part II hereof: 

1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL
DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-7 F-26 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-27 - F-44 

(b) EXHIBITS 

3.1 
 
 Form of Articles of Amendment and Restatement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56126) filed on January 16, 2020) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56126) filed on November 27, 2019) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-56126) filed on March 12, 2021) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Palmer Square BDC Advisor LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-56126) filed on May 15, 2020) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Administration Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56126) filed on November 27, 2019) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Advisory Agreement Waiver Letter (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56126) filed on November 27, 2019) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Custody Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2019, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56126) filed on January 16, 2020) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56126) filed on November 27, 2019) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Trademark Licensing Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56126) filed on January 16, 2020) 

82 

10.7 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56126) filed on January 16, 2020) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56126) filed on January 16, 2020) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated February 18, 2020, by and among Palmer Square BDC Funding I LLC, as the borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as lender, and BofA Securities, Inc., as sole lead arranger and sole book manager (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01334) filed on February 20, 2020) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated February 18, 2020, by and between the Registrant, as the seller, and Palmer Square BDC Funding I LLC, as the purchaser (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01334) filed on February 20, 2020) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated December 18, 2020, by and among the Registrant, as the collateral manager, Palmer Square BDC Funding II LLC, as the borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as the collateral agent and custodian, and the lenders party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-56126) filed on March 12, 2021) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Loan Sale Agreement, dated December 18, 2020, by and between the Registrant, as the seller, and Palmer Square BDC Funding II LLC, as the purchaser (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-56126) filed on March 12, 2021) 
 
 10.13 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated October 12, 2020, by and among Palmer Square BDC Funding I LLC, as the borrower, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-56126) filed on March 11, 2022) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated September 29, 2021, by and among Palmer Square BDC Funding I LLC, as the borrower, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-01334) filed on November 15, 2021) 

10.15 
 
 Omnibus Amendment to Loan Documents, dated February 3, 2023, by and among Palmer Square BDC Funding I LLC, as the borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as lender, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the collateral administrator, and U.S. Bank National Association, as the intermediary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01334) filed on February 9, 2023) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

The Registrant has elected not to provide summary
information. 

83 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. 

Dated: March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher D. Long 

Christopher D. Long 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Christopher D. Long 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 of Directors 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Christopher D. Long 
 
 (Principal Executive
 Officer) 

/s/
 Jeffrey D. Fox 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey D. Fox 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Megan
 L. Webber 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Megan L. Webber 

/s/ James
 W. Neville Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 James W. Neville Jr. 

/s/ Christopher
 C. Nelson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Christopher C. Nelson 

84 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_palmersquare.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

 List of Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Palmer Square BDC Funding I LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Palmer Square BDC Funding II LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_palmersquare.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

I, Christopher D. Long, Chief Executive Officer of Palmer Square Capital
BDC Inc., certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 10 th day of March 2023. 

By: 
 /s/ Christopher D. Long 

Christopher D. Long 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_palmersquare.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

I, Jeffrey D. Fox, Chief Financial Officer of Palmer Square Capital BDC
Inc., certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 10 th day of March 2023. 

By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey D. Fox 

Jeffrey D. Fox 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_palmersquare.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. (the Registrant ),
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Christopher D. Long, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant,
hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Christopher D. Long 

Name: 
 Christopher D. Long 

Date: 
 March 10, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_palmersquare.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. (the Registrant ),
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Jeffrey D. Fox, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant,
hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Jeffrey D. Fox 

Name: 
 Jeffrey D. Fox 

Date: 
 March 10, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cik0001794776-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cik0001794776-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cik0001794776-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cik0001794776-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cik0001794776-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

