<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_75288_0000075288-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14044815</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>444963</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1854723</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5304566</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2189607</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3846994</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000075288-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327173845
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000075288-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230128
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OXFORD INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000075288
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEN'S & BOYS' FURNISHINGS, WORK CLOTHING, AND ALLIED GARMENTS [2320]
		IRS NUMBER:				580831862
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0128

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04365
		FILM NUMBER:		23765630

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		999 PEACHTREE STREET NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 688
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-659-2424

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		999 PEACHTREE STREET NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 688
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30309

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000075288-23-000005.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 oxm-20230128x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of July 29, 2022, which is the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based upon the closing price for the common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on that date) was . For purposes of this calculation only, shares of voting stock directly and indirectly attributable to executive officers, directors and holders of 10 or more of the registrant s voting stock (based on Schedule 13G filings made as of or prior to July 29, 2022) are excluded. This determination of affiliate status and the calculation of the shares held by any such person are not necessarily conclusive determinations for other purposes. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Title of Each Class Number of Shares Outstanding as of March 24, 2023 Common Stock, 1 par value Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of our proxy statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 13, 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 Table of Contents Page PART I Item 1. Business 7 Item 1A. Risk Factors 26 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 41 Item 2. Properties 41 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 42 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 42 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 42 Item 6. Reserved 44 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 45 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 70 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 71 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 113 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 113 Item 9B. Other Information 117 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 117 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 117 Item 11. Executive Compensation 117 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 117 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 117 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 117 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 118 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 119 Signatures 120 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Our SEC filings and public announcements may include forward-looking statements about future events. Generally, the words believe, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, project, will and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which generally are not historical in nature. We intend for all forward-looking statements contained herein, in our press releases or on our website, and all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf, to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (which Sections were adopted as part of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). Such statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, without limitation, demand for our products, which may be impacted by competitive conditions and/or evolving consumer shopping patterns; macroeconomic factors that may impact consumer discretionary spending and pricing levels for apparel and related products, many of which may be impacted by current inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, concerns about the stability of the banking industry or general economic uncertainty; acquisition activities (such as our recent acquisition of Johnny Was), including our ability to integrate key functions, recognize anticipated synergies and minimize related disruptions or distractions to our business as a result of these activities; the impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic on our business, operations and financial results; supply chain disruptions; costs and availability of labor and freight deliveries, including our ability to appropriately staff our retail stores and restaurants; costs of products as well as the raw materials used in those products, as well as our ability to pass along price increases to consumers; energy costs; our ability to be more hyper-digital and respond to rapidly changing consumer expectations; the ability of business partners, including suppliers, vendors, wholesale customers, licensees, logistics providers and landlords, to meet their obligations to us and/or continue our business relationship to the same degree; retention of and disciplined execution by key management and other critical personnel; cybersecurity breaches and ransomware attacks, as well as our and our third party vendors ability to properly collect, use, manage and secure business, consumer and employee data; the level of our indebtedness, including the risks associated with heightened interest rates on the debt and the potential impact on our ability to operate and expand our business; changes in international, federal or state tax, trade and other laws and regulations, including the potential imposition of additional duties; the timing of shipments requested by our wholesale customers; weather; fluctuations and volatility in global financial and/or real estate markets; the timing and cost of retail store and food and beverage location openings and remodels, technology implementations and other capital expenditures; store closures or other operating restrictions due to COVID-19, natural disaster or otherwise; expected outcomes of pending or potential litigation and regulatory actions; the increased consumer, employee and regulatory focus on environmental, social and governance issues; the regulation or prohibition of goods sourced, or containing raw materials or components, from certain regions and our ability to evidence compliance; access to capital and/or credit markets; factors that could affect our consolidated effective tax rate; the risk of impairment to goodwill and other intangible assets; and geopolitical risks, including those related to the war between Russia and Ukraine. Forward-looking statements reflect our expectations at the time such forward looking statements are made, based on information available at such time, and are not guarantees of performance. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, these expectations could prove inaccurate as such statements involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our ability to control or predict. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties, or other risks or uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial, materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. Important factors relating to these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the SEC. We caution that one should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. We disclaim any intention, obligation or duty to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 SUMMARY OF RISKS AFFECTING OUR BUSINESS Our business is subject to numerous risks. The following summary highlights some of the risks you should consider with respect to our business and prospects. This summary is not complete and the risks summarized below are not the only risks we face. You should review and carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in more detail in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, which includes a more complete discussion of the risks summarized below: 

Risks Related to our Industry and Macroeconomic Conditions 

Our business and financial condition are heavily influenced by general economic and market conditions which are outside of our control. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may in the future have, a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, financial condition and results of operations. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry with significant pricing pressures and heightened customer expectations. 

Failure to anticipate and adapt to changing fashion trends and consumer preferences could harm our reputation and financial performance. 

Our operations and those of our suppliers, vendors and wholesale customers may be affected by changes in weather patterns, natural or man-made disasters, public health crises, war, terrorism or other catastrophes. Risks Related to our Business Strategy and Operations 

Failure to maintain the reputation or value of our brands could harm our business operations and financial condition. 

Our inability to execute our direct to consumer and portfolio-level strategies in response to shifts in consumer shopping behavior could adversely affect our financial results and operations. 

We may be unable to grow our business through organic growth, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

The acquisition of new businesses is inherently risky, and we cannot be certain that we will realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition. 

The divestiture or discontinuation of businesses and product lines could result in unexpected liabilities and adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

Our business could be harmed if we fail to maintain proper inventory levels. 

We are subject to risks associated with leasing real estate for our retail stores and restaurants. 

We make use of debt to finance our operations, which could expose us to risks that adversely affect our business, financial position and operating results. 

The loss of one or more of our key wholesale customers, or a significant adverse change in a customer s financial position, could negatively impact our net sales and profitability. Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Information Technology 

Cybersecurity attacks and/or breaches of information security or privacy could disrupt our operations, cause us to incur additional expenses, expose us to litigation and/or cause us financial harm. 

Our operations are reliant on information technology, and any interruption or other failure could have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

Reliance on outdated technology or failure to upgrade our information technology systems and capabilities could impair the efficient operation of our business and our ability to compete. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Remote work arrangements could inhibit our ability to effectively operate our business and result in enhanced cybersecurity risks. Risks Related to our Sourcing and Distribution Strategies 

Our reliance on third party producers in foreign countries to meet our production demands exposes us to risks that could disrupt our supply chain, increase our costs and negatively impact our operations. 

Our operations are dependent on the global supply chain, and the impact of supply chain constraints may adversely impact our business and operating results. 

Any disruption or failure in our primary distribution facilities may materially adversely affect our business or operations. 

Fluctuations and volatility in the cost and availability of raw materials, labor and freight may materially increase our costs. 

Labor-related matters, including labor disputes, may adversely affect our operations. 

Our geographic concentration of retail stores, restaurants and wholesale customers exposes us to certain regional risks. 

Our international operations, including foreign sourcing, result in an exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Risks Related to Regulatory, Tax and Financial Reporting Matters 

Our business is subject to various federal, foreign, state and local laws and regulations, and the costs of compliance with, or the violation of, such laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our costs or operations. 

Changes in international trade regulation could increase our costs and/or disrupt our supply chain. 

Any violation or perceived violation of our codes of conduct or environmental and social compliance programs, including by our manufacturers or vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our brands. 

As a multi-national apparel company, we may experience fluctuations in our tax liabilities and effective tax rate. 

Impairment charges for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 

Any failure to maintain liquor licenses or comply with applicable regulations could adversely affect the profitability of our restaurant operations. General Risks 

Our business depends on our senior management and other key personnel, and failure to successfully attract, retain and implement succession of our senior management and key personnel or to attract, develop and retain personnel to fulfill other critical functions may have an adverse effect on our operations and ability to execute our strategies. 

We may be unable to protect our trademarks and other intellectual property. 

We are subject to periodic litigation, which may cause us to incur substantial expenses or unexpected liabilities. 

Our common stock price may be highly volatile, and we may be unable to meet investor and analyst expectations. 

Other factors may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 DEFINITIONS As used in this report, unless the context requires otherwise, our, us or we means Oxford Industries, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries; SG A means selling, general and administrative expenses; SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; FASB means the Financial Accounting Standards Board; ASC means the FASB Accounting Standards Codification; GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States; and TBBC means The Beaufort Bonnet Company. Additionally, the terms listed below reflect the respective period noted: 

Fiscal 2024 52 weeks ending February 1, 2025 Fiscal 2023 53 weeks ending February 3, 2024 Fiscal 2022 52 weeks ended January 28, 2023 Fiscal 2021 52 weeks ended January 29, 2022 Fiscal 2020 52 weeks ended January 30, 2021 Fiscal 2019 52 weeks ended February 1, 2020 Fourth quarter Fiscal 2022 13 weeks ended January 28, 2023 Third quarter Fiscal 2022 13 weeks ended October 29, 2022 Second quarter Fiscal 2022 13 weeks ended July 30, 2022 First quarter Fiscal 2022 13 weeks ended April 30, 2022 Fourth quarter Fiscal 2021 13 weeks ended January 29, 2022 Third quarter Fiscal 2021 13 weeks ended October 30, 2021 Second quarter Fiscal 2021 13 weeks ended July 31, 2021 First quarter Fiscal 2021 13 weeks ended May 1, 2021 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business BUSINESS AND PRODUCTS Overview We are a leading branded apparel company that designs, sources, markets and distributes products bearing the trademarks of our portfolio of lifestyle brands: Tommy Bahama, Lilly Pulitzer, Johnny Was, Southern Tide, TBBC and Duck Head. Our business strategy is to develop and market compelling lifestyle brands and products that evoke a strong emotional response from our target consumers. We consider lifestyle brands to be those brands that have a clearly defined and targeted point of view inspired by an appealing lifestyle or attitude. Furthermore, we believe lifestyle brands that create an emotional connection can command greater loyalty and higher price points and create licensing opportunities. We believe the attraction of a lifestyle brand depends on creating compelling product, effectively communicating the respective lifestyle brand message and distributing products to consumers where and when they want them. We believe the principal competitive factors in the apparel industry are the reputation, value, and image of brand names; design of differentiated, innovative or otherwise compelling product; consumer preference; price; quality; marketing (including through rapidly shifting digital and social media vehicles); product fulfillment capabilities; and customer service. Our ability to compete successfully in the apparel industry is dependent on our proficiency in foreseeing changes and trends in fashion and consumer preference and presenting appealing products for consumers. Our design-led, commercially informed lifestyle brand operations strive to provide exciting, differentiated fashion products each season as well as certain core products that consumers expect from us. To further strengthen each lifestyle brand s connections with consumers, we directly communicate through digital and print media on a regular basis with our loyal consumers, including the approximately 2.5 million who have transacted with us in the last year. We believe our ability to effectively communicate the images, lifestyle and products of our brands and create an emotional connection with consumers is critical to the success of our brands, as evidenced by our advertising which engages our consumers by conveying the lifestyle of the brand. We believe the attraction of each of our lifestyle brands is a direct result of years of maintaining appropriate quality and design, and appropriately restricting the distribution of our products. We believe this approach to quality, design, distribution and communication has been critical in allowing us to achieve the current retail price points, high gross margins and success for our brands. During Fiscal 2022, 80 of our consolidated net sales were through our direct to consumer channels of distribution, which consist of our brand specific full-price retail stores, e-commerce websites and outlets, as well as our Tommy Bahama food and beverage operations. During Fiscal 2022, the breakdown of our consolidated net sales by direct to consumer channel was as follows: full-price retail of 487 million, or 35 ; e-commerce of 465 million, or 33 ; food and beverage of 109 million, or 8 ; and outlet operations of 66 million, or 5 . Our direct to consumer operations provide us with the opportunity to interact directly with our customers, present to them a broad assortment of our current season products and immerse them in the theme of the lifestyle brand. We believe that presenting our products in a digital or physical setting specifically designed to showcase the lifestyle on which the brands are based enhances the image of our brands. Our 257 full-price retail stores allow us the opportunity to carry a full line of current season merchandise, including apparel, accessories and other products, all presented in an aspirational brand-specific atmosphere. We believe that our full-price retail stores provide high visibility for our brands and products and allow us to stay close to the preferences of our consumers. Further, we believe that our presentation of products and our strategy to operate the full-price retail stores with limited in-store promotional activities enhance the value and reputation of our lifestyle brands and, in turn, strengthen our business and relationships with key wholesale customers. While about one-half of our full-price retail stores are located in warm weather resort or travel-to destinations and states, we believe there are 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 opportunities for new stores in both warmer and colder climates, as we believe the more important consideration is whether the location attracts the affluent consumer that we are targeting. Our brand-specific e-commerce business continues to grow. Our e-commerce business is very profitable as we have a high gross margin on e-commerce sales of approximately 70 while averaging in excess of 125 per order. Our high average order value and high gross margins allow us to absorb any incremental picking, packing and freight expense associated with operating an e-commerce business and still maintain a high profit margin on e-commerce sales. Additionally, our Tommy Bahama brand operates 21 food and beverage locations, including Marlin Bars and full-service restaurants, generally adjacent to a Tommy Bahama full-price retail store. These food and beverage locations provide us with the opportunity to immerse customers in the ultimate Tommy Bahama experience as well as attract new customers to the Tommy Bahama brand. Both Tommy Bahama and Johnny Was operate brand-specific outlet stores, which are utilized for end of season inventory clearance. The remaining 20 of our net sales were generated through our wholesale distribution channels, which complement our direct to consumer operations and provide access to a larger base of consumers. Our wholesale operations consist of sales of products bearing the trademarks of our lifestyle brands to various specialty stores, better department stores, multi-branded e-commerce retailers and other retailers. As we seek to maintain the integrity and continued success of our lifestyle brands by limiting promotional activity in our full-price retail stores and e-commerce websites, we intend to maintain controlled distribution with careful selection of the retailers through which we sell our products and generally target wholesale customers that follow a limited promotions approach. We continue to value our long-standing relationships with our wholesale customers and are committed to working with them to enhance the success of our lifestyle brands within their stores. We operate in a highly competitive apparel market that continues to evolve rapidly with the expanding application of technology to fashion retail. The application of technology, including the internet and mobile devices, to fashion retail provides consumers increasing access to multiple, responsive distribution platforms and an unprecedented ability to communicate directly with brands and retailers. As a result, consumers have more information and greater control over information they receive as well as broader, faster and cheaper access to goods than ever before. This is revolutionizing the way that consumers shop for fashion and other goods, which continues to be evidenced by weakness and store closures for certain department stores and mall-based retailers, uncertain consumer retail traffic patterns, a more promotional retail environment, expansion of off-price and discount retailers, and a shift from bricks and mortar to internet purchasing. This competitive and evolving environment requires that brands and retailers approach their operations, including marketing and advertising, very differently than they have historically and may result in increased operating costs and investments to generate growth or even maintain existing sales levels. While the competition and evolution present significant risks, especially for traditional retailers who fail or are unable to adapt, we believe it also presents a tremendous opportunity for brands and retailers to capitalize on the changing consumer environment. No single apparel firm or small group of apparel firms dominates the apparel industry, and our competitors vary by operating group and distribution channel. The apparel industry is cyclical and very dependent on the overall level and focus of discretionary consumer spending, which changes as consumer preferences and regional, domestic and international economic conditions change. Also, in recent years consumers have chosen to spend less of their discretionary spending on certain product categories, including apparel, while spending more on services and other product categories. Further, negative economic conditions often have a longer and more severe impact on the apparel industry than on other industries due, in part, to apparel purchases often being more of a discretionary purchase. The current macroenvironment, with heightened concerns about inflation, a global economic recession, geopolitical issues, the stability of the U.S. banking system, the availability and cost of credit and continued increases in interest rates, is creating a complex and challenging retail environment, which may impact our businesses and exacerbate some of the 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 inherent challenges to our operations. There remains significant uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, and the impact of these and other factors could have a major effect on our businesses. Investments and Opportunities The evolution in the fashion retail industry presents significant risks, especially for traditional retailers and others who fail or are unable to adapt, but we believe it also presents a tremendous opportunity for brands and retailers to capitalize on the changing consumer environment. We believe our lifestyle brands have true competitive advantages in this new retailing paradigm, and we continue to invest in and leverage technology to serve our consumers when and where they want to be served. We continue to believe that our lifestyle brands, with their strong emotional connections with consumers, are well suited to succeed and thrive in the long term while managing the various challenges facing our industry. Further, each of our brands aims to further enhance its customer-focused, dynamic, thriving, digitally-driven, mobile-centered, cross-channel personalized and seamless shopping experience that recognizes and serves customers in their brand discovery and purchasing habits of the future. We believe there are ample opportunities to expand the reach of each of our lifestyle brands in the future, including the opening of new direct to consumer locations, e-commerce growth and wholesale operations expansion. In order to expand the reach and maximize the success of each of our brands, we believe we must continue to invest in the lifestyle brands to take advantage of their long-term growth opportunities. Future investments include capital expenditures primarily related to direct to consumer operations, such as technology enhancements, e-commerce initiatives and direct to consumer location build-outs for new, relocated or remodeled locations, as well as distribution center enhancements and administrative office expenditures. In addition to our capital investments, we must continue to invest in our SG A expense infrastructure, including people, technology, advertising and other resources. While we believe that our investments will generate long-term benefits, the investments may have a short-term negative impact on our operating margin, particularly if there is insufficient sales growth to absorb the incremental costs in a particular year. Fiscal 2023 will be a particularly heavy year for both capital expenditures and SG A, which is expected to decrease our operating margins from the levels achieved in Fiscal 2022. Meanwhile, as we grow we must be very diligent in our effort to avoid compromising the integrity of our brands by becoming overly promotional or maintaining or growing sales with wholesale customers that may not be aligned with our long-term strategy. This is particularly important with the challenges in the department store channel, which represented less than 10 of our consolidated net sales in Fiscal 2022. While we believe we have significant opportunities to appropriately deploy our capital and resources in our existing lifestyle brands, we will continue to evaluate opportunities to add additional lifestyle brands, both large and small, to our portfolio if we identify appropriate targets that meet our investment criteria and/or take strategic measures to return capital to our shareholders as and when circumstances merit. For example, we acquired Johnny Was on September 19, 2022. Important factors relating to certain risks, many of which are beyond our ability to control or predict, which could impact our business are described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report. Operating Groups We identify our operating groups based on the way our management organizes the components of our business for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. Our operating group structure reflects a brand-focused management approach, emphasizing operational coordination and resource allocation across each brand s direct to consumer, wholesale and licensing operations, as applicable. With our acquisition of Johnny Was on September 19, 2022, our business is organized as our Tommy Bahama, Lilly Pulitzer, Johnny Was and Emerging Brands operating groups. Operating results for periods prior to Fiscal 2022 also include the Lanier Apparel operating group, which we exited in Fiscal 2021. For additional information about each of our reportable operating groups as well as Corporate and Other, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements, each included in this report. The table below presents certain financial information about each of our operating groups, as well as Corporate and Other (in thousands). 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Net Sales (1) Tommy Bahama 880,233 724,305 419,817 Lilly Pulitzer 339,266 298,995 231,078 Johnny Was (2) 72,591 Emerging Brands 116,484 90,053 58,200 Lanier Apparel (3) 24,858 38,796 Corporate and Other 2,954 3,868 942 Consolidated net sales 1,411,528 1,142,079 748,833 Operating Income (Loss) (1) Tommy Bahama 172,761 111,733 (53,310) Lilly Pulitzer 67,098 63,601 27,702 Johnny Was (2) (1,544) Emerging Brands (4) 15,602 16,649 (62,724) Lanier Apparel (3) 4,888 (26,654) Corporate and Other (5) (35,143) (31,368) (8,863) Consolidated Operating Income 218,774 165,503 (123,849) 

 (1) The net sales and operating income (loss) of each operating group were negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic starting in Fiscal 2020. (2) Amount included for Johnny Was represents the post-acquisition period only. The operating income for Fiscal 2022 for Johnny Was includes 4 million of inventory step-up charges and 5 million of amortization of intangible assets. (3) In Fiscal 2021, we exited our Lanier Apparel business, which had been focused on moderately priced tailored clothing and related products. The Lanier Apparel exit is discussed in more detail in Note 11 of our consolidated financial statements included in this report. (4) The operating loss for Emerging Brands in Fiscal 2020 included a 60 million impairment charge for goodwill and intangible assets of Southern Tide, with no such charges in Fiscal 2022 or Fiscal 2021. (5) The operating loss for Corporate and Other includes a last-in, first-out LIFO accounting charge of 3 million, charge of 16 million and credit of 9 million in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, the operating loss for Corporate and Other also included 3 million of transaction expenses and integration costs associated with the Johnny Was acquisition and a gain on sale of an unconsolidated entity of 12 million, respectively. 
 Tommy Bahama Tommy Bahama designs, sources, markets and distributes men s and women s sportswear and related products. Tommy Bahama s typical consumer is older than 45 years old, has a household annual income in excess of 100,000, lives in or travels to warm weather and resort locations and embraces a relaxed and casual approach to daily living. Tommy Bahama products can be found in our Tommy Bahama stores and on our Tommy Bahama e-commerce website, tommybahama.com, as well as at better department stores, independent specialty stores and multi-branded e-commerce retailers. We also operate Tommy Bahama food and beverage locations and license the Tommy Bahama name for various product categories. During Fiscal 2022, 96 of Tommy Bahama s sales were in the United States, with the remaining sales in Australia and Canada. In Fiscal 2022, we increased Tommy Bahama s sales by 22 to 880 million and operating income by 55 to 173 million, or 19.6 . For comparison, the Fiscal 2022 operating margin for Tommy Bahama was considerably higher than the 15.4 operating margin generated in Fiscal 2021, as well as the 7.9 operating margin on 677 million of net sales generated in the last pre-pandemic year of Fiscal 2019. The significant improvement in operating results reflects the efforts of an important initiative for us in recent years to increase the profitability of the Tommy Bahama operating 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 group. While we made progress on this initiative prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, these efforts were really evident in our Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022 operating results. Maintaining the significantly higher post-pandemic operating income levels continues to be a focus area for the long-term prospects of the Tommy Bahama business. Direct to Consumer Operations A key component of our Tommy Bahama strategy is to operate our retail stores, e-commerce websites and food and beverage concepts, which we believe permits us to develop and build brand awareness by presenting our products in a setting specifically designed to showcase the aspirational lifestyle on which the products are based. Our Tommy Bahama direct to consumer channels, which consist of full-price retail store, e-commerce, food and beverage and outlet store operations, in the aggregate, represented 83 of Tommy Bahama s net sales in Fiscal 2022. Full-price retail store, e-commerce, food and beverage and outlet store net sales accounted for 39 , 24 , 13 and 7 , respectively, of Tommy Bahama s net sales in Fiscal 2022. Our direct to consumer approach includes various e-commerce websites, including the tommybahama.com website. Our Tommy Bahama e-commerce business, which generated 214 million of net sales in Fiscal 2022, has grown significantly over the last few years, including a 16 increase in net sales compared to Fiscal 2021. Our Tommy Bahama websites allow consumers to buy Tommy Bahama products directly from us via the internet. These websites also enable us to increase our database of consumer contacts, which allows us to communicate directly and frequently with consenting consumers. As we reach more customers in the future, we anticipate that our e-commerce distribution channel for Tommy Bahama will continue to grow at a faster pace than our retail store or wholesale operations. Our direct to consumer strategy for the Tommy Bahama brand also includes locating and operating full-price retail stores in upscale malls, lifestyle shopping centers, resort destinations and brand-appropriate street locations. Generally, we seek to locate our full-price retail stores in shopping areas and malls that have high-profile or upscale consumer brand adjacencies. As of January 28, 2023, the majority of our Tommy Bahama full-price retail stores were in street-front locations or lifestyle centers with the remainder primarily in regional indoor malls, with a number of those regional indoor locations in resort travel destinations. We believe that we have opportunities for continued sales growth for Tommy Bahama, particularly in our women s business, which represented 34 and 33 of sales in our direct to consumer operations in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively, with women s swim representing about one-fourth of the women s business. For Tommy Bahama s domestic full-price retail stores and retail-food and beverage locations operating for the full Fiscal 2022 year, sales per gross square foot, excluding food and beverage sales and food and beverage space, were approximately 790, compared to approximately 645 in Fiscal 2021. As of January 28, 2023, we operated 21 Tommy Bahama food and beverage locations including 13 restaurants and eight Marlin Bar locations, generally adjacent to a Tommy Bahama full-price retail store location. These retail-food and beverage locations, which generated approximately 25 of Tommy Bahama s net sales in Fiscal 2022, provide us with the opportunity to immerse customers in the ultimate Tommy Bahama experience. We do not anticipate that the majority of our full-price retail locations will have an adjacent food and beverage location; however, we have determined that an adjacent food and beverage location can further enhance the image or exposure of the brand in select, high-profile, brand appropriate locations. The net sales per square foot in our domestic full-price retail stores that are adjacent to a food and beverage location have historically been approximately twice the sales per square foot of our other domestic full-price retail stores. We believe that the customer immersing themselves into the Tommy Bahama lifestyle by having a meal or a drink at the Tommy Bahama food and beverage location and visiting the adjacent full-price retail store may entice the customer to purchase additional Tommy Bahama merchandise and potentially provide a memorable consumer experience that further enhances the relationship between Tommy Bahama and the consumer. The Marlin Bar concept, like our traditional restaurant locations, is adjacent to one of our full-price retail store locations and serves food and beverages, but in a smaller space and with food options more focused on small plate offerings rather than entrees. We believe that the smaller footprint, reduced labor requirements and lower required capital expenditure of the Marlin Bar concept provides us with the long-term potential for opening additional retail-food and beverage locations that are more in line with evolving customer trends toward fast casual dining, particularly with younger consumers. Typically, at the end of the summer and holiday season, Tommy Bahama will conduct sales both in-store and online to move end of season product. Utilizing Tommy Bahama s Enterprise Order Management (EOM) system, many 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 online orders will be fulfilled from retail stores, greatly reducing the amount of goods that ultimately get transferred from full-price retail stores to outlet stores. Tommy Bahama utilizes its outlet stores, which generated 7 of total Tommy Bahama sales in Fiscal 2022, and sales to off-price retailers to sell the remaining end of season or excess inventory. Our Tommy Bahama outlet stores are generally located in outlet shopping centers that include other upscale retailers and serve an important role in overall inventory management by often allowing us to sell discontinued and out-of-season products at better prices than are otherwise available from outside parties. We believe that this approach has helped us protect the integrity of the Tommy Bahama brand by allowing our full-price retail stores to limit promotional activity while controlling the distribution of discontinued and out-of-season product. To supplement the clearance items sold in Tommy Bahama outlets, we merchandise our Tommy Bahama outlets with certain made-for products. Currently, we operate one outlet store for approximately every four full-price retail stores. The table below provides certain information regarding Tommy Bahama direct to consumer locations as of January 28, 2023. 

Full-Price Retail Food Beverage Retail Stores Locations (1) Outlet Stores Total Florida 18 8 5 31 California 14 4 4 22 Texas 6 2 4 12 Hawaii 5 4 1 10 Other states 42 3 14 59 Total domestic 85 21 28 134 Canada 6 2 8 Total North America 91 21 30 142 Australia 12 3 15 Total 103 21 33 157 Average square feet per store (2) 3,400 4,300 4,400 Total square feet at year end (2) 350,000 90,000 145,000 

 (1) Consists of 13 traditional format retail-restaurant locations and eight Marlin Bar locations. (2) Square feet for retail-food and beverage locations consists of retail square footage and excludes square feet used in the associated food and beverage operations. 
 During Fiscal 2022, Florida, California, Hawaii and Texas represented 33 , 16 , 13 and 9 , respectively, of our Tommy Bahama direct to consumer retail and retail-food and beverage location sales. Including e-commerce sales, during Fiscal 2022, Florida, California, Hawaii and Texas represented 27 , 15 , 9 and 8 , respectively, of total Tommy Bahama direct to consumer sales. The table below reflects the changes in store count for Tommy Bahama locations during Fiscal 2022. 

Full-Price Retail Food Beverage Retail Stores Locations Outlet Stores Total Open as of beginning of fiscal year 102 21 35 158 Opened 2 2 Closed (1) (2) (3) Open as of end of fiscal year 103 21 33 157 In future periods, we anticipate that many of our new Tommy Bahama store openings will be Marlin Bar locations that are either new locations or conversions of existing full-price retail stores. Currently, we have three Marlin Bar openings scheduled for Fiscal 2023, including the conversion of Tommy Bahama full-price retail locations in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida and San Antonio, Texas as well as a new Marlin Bar in Winter Park, Florida. We also have other locations in the pipeline for openings in Fiscal 2024 and beyond and anticipate opening as many as five Marlin Bar locations in Fiscal 2024, subject to lease negotiation, construction timing and other factors. We continue to look for other appropriate locations for full-price retail stores and Marlin Bars. In addition to the planned Marlin Bars, we also have 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 two full-price retail store relocations and a couple of other new locations in negotiation. We believe that in Fiscal 2023, we may close a limited number of locations, including certain outlets and full-price retail locations. The construction of and relocation of retail stores requires a greater amount of initial capital investment than wholesale operations, as well as greater operating costs. In addition to new store openings, we also incur capital expenditure costs related to remodels or expansions of existing stores, particularly when we renew or extend a lease beyond the original lease term, or otherwise determine that a remodel of a store is appropriate. The cost of a Tommy Bahama Marlin Bar is significantly more than the cost of a full-price retail store and can vary significantly depending on a variety of factors. Historically, the cost to build out our Marlin Bar locations has been approximately 3 million and future locations may be more expensive than that amount. For most of our full-price retail stores and our Marlin Bar locations, the landlord often provides certain incentives to fund a portion of our capital expenditures. Wholesale Operations To complement our direct to consumer operations and have access to a larger group of consumers, we maintain a wholesale business for Tommy Bahama. Tommy Bahama s wholesale customers include better department stores, specialty stores and multi-brand e-commerce retailers that generally follow a retail model approach with limited discounting. We value our long-standing relationships with our wholesale customers and are committed to working with them to enhance the success of the Tommy Bahama brand within their stores. With its wide distribution currently, we believe that sales growth in our men s apparel wholesale business may be somewhat limited in the long-term. However, we believe that we may have opportunities for wholesale sales increases for our Tommy Bahama women s business in the future, with its appeal evidenced by its performance in our full-price retail stores and e-commerce websites. Wholesale sales for Tommy Bahama accounted for 17 of Tommy Bahama s net sales in Fiscal 2022. Approximately 10 of Tommy Bahama s net sales reflects sales to major department stores with our remaining wholesale sales primarily to specialty stores. During Fiscal 2022, 12 of Tommy Bahama s net sales were to Tommy Bahama s 10 largest wholesale customers, with its largest customer representing less than 5 of Tommy Bahama s net sales. Tommy Bahama Resort On November 14, 2022, Tommy Bahama entered into a licensing arrangement for the first Tommy Bahama resort. Pursuant to the licensing agreement, the Miramonte Resort Spa in Indian Wells, California will be converted into the Tommy Bahama Miramonte Resort Spa, with an anticipated completion date in late 2023. Upon conversion of the property, Tommy Bahama will earn royalty income calculated as a percentage of revenues associated with the resort. The property will be managed and operated by a national commercial and hospitality real estate company with considerable experience in premier resort development and operations. Lilly Pulitzer Lilly Pulitzer designs, sources, markets and distributes upscale collections of women s and girl s dresses, sportswear and related products. The Lilly Pulitzer brand was originally created in the late 1950s by Lilly Pulitzer and is an affluent brand with a heritage and aesthetic based on the Palm Beach resort lifestyle. The brand is somewhat unique among women s brands in that it has demonstrated multi-generational appeal, including among young women in college or recently graduated from college; young mothers with their daughters; and women who are not tied to the academic calendar. Lilly Pulitzer products can be found on our Lilly Pulitzer website, lillypulitzer.com, in our owned Lilly Pulitzer stores, and in Lilly Pulitzer Signature Stores, which are described below, as well as in independent specialty stores and better department stores. During Fiscal 2022, 34 , 34 and 14 of Lilly Pulitzer s net sales were for women s dresses, sportswear, and Luxletic apparel products, respectively, with the remaining sales consisting of Lilly Pulitzer accessories, including scarves, bags, jewelry and belts, children s apparel, swim, footwear and licensed products. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Direct to Consumer Operations Lilly Pulitzer s direct to consumer distribution channel, which consists of e-commerce operations and full-price retail stores, represented 84 of Lilly Pulitzer s net sales in Fiscal 2022. A key element of our Lilly Pulitzer strategy is the lillypulitzer.com website, which generated 172 million, or 51 , of Lilly Pulitzer s net sales in Fiscal 2022. Another key component of our Lilly Pulitzer direct to consumer strategy is to operate our own Lilly Pulitzer stores, which represented 33 of Lilly Pulitzer s net sales in Fiscal 2022. The Lilly Pulitzer e-commerce business has experienced double-digit percentage growth for many years, and we anticipate that the net sales growth of the e-commerce business will remain strong in the future. We utilize the Lilly Pulitzer website as an effective means of liquidating discontinued or out-of-season inventory in a brand appropriate manner and at gross margins in excess of 40 via e-commerce flash clearance sales. These sales create a significant amount of excitement with loyal Lilly Pulitzer consumers, who are looking for an opportunity to purchase Lilly Pulitzer products at a discounted price and are also important in attracting new consumers to the Lilly Pulitzer brand. These e-commerce flash clearance sales typically run for three days during the summer clearance period in September and for two days during the post-holiday clearance period in January, allowing the Lilly Pulitzer website to generally remain full-price for the remaining 360 days of the year. During Fiscal 2022, 31 of Lilly Pulitzer s e-commerce sales, or 16 of Lilly Pulitzer s net sales, were e-commerce flash clearance sales. Our full-price retail store strategy for the Lilly Pulitzer brand includes operating full-price retail stores in higher-end lifestyle shopping centers and malls, resort destinations and brand-appropriate street locations. As of January 28, 2023, about 40 of our Lilly Pulitzer full-price stores were located in outdoor regional lifestyle centers and approximately one-third of our Lilly Pulitzer stores were located in indoor regional malls, with the remaining locations in resort or street locations. In certain seasonal locations such as Nantucket and Watch Hill, our stores are only open during the resort season. Additionally, we may open temporary pop-up stores in certain locations. Lilly Pulitzer s full-price retail store sales per gross square foot for Fiscal 2022 were approximately 765 for the full-price retail stores which were open the full Fiscal 2022 year, as compared to 685 in Fiscal 2021. The table below provides certain information regarding Lilly Pulitzer direct to consumer locations as of January 28, 2023. 

Full-Price Retail Stores Florida 20 Massachusetts 7 Virginia 5 North Carolina 4 Other 23 Total 59 Average square feet per store 2,500 Total square feet at year-end 145,000 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 During Fiscal 2022, 50 of Lilly Pulitzer s full-price retail store sales were in stores located in Florida with no other state generating more than 10 of full-price retail store sales. Including e-commerce sales, during Fiscal 2022, Florida represented 33 of total Lilly Pulitzer direct to consumer sales. The table below reflects the changes in direct to consumer location count for Lilly Pulitzer stores during Fiscal 2022. 

Full-Price Retail Stores Open as of beginning of fiscal year 58 Opened 3 Closed (2) Open as of end of fiscal year 59 Currently, we expect to open at least two new full-price retail stores in Fiscal 2023, including in Delray Beach, Florida and Charlotte, North Carolina. We are in the process of identifying sites or negotiating leases for additional locations. We continue to look for other appropriate locations and anticipate returning to a pace of opening as many as five locations per year in the future. At the same time, we may relocate or close a limited number of locations at lease expiration. The construction of and relocation of retail stores requires a greater amount of initial capital investment than wholesale operations, as well as greater operating costs. In addition to new store openings, we also incur capital expenditure costs related to remodels or expansions of existing stores, particularly when we renew or extend a lease beyond the original lease term, or otherwise determine that a remodel of a store is appropriate. Wholesale Operations To complement our direct to consumer operations and have access to a larger group of consumers, we maintain wholesale operations for Lilly Pulitzer. These wholesale operations, which represented 16 of Lilly Pulitzer s net sales in Fiscal 2022, are primarily with Signature Stores, independent specialty stores, better department stores and multi-branded e-commerce retailers that generally follow a retail model approach with limited discounting. During Fiscal 2022, about one-third of Lilly Pulitzer s wholesale sales were to Lilly Pulitzer s Signature Stores, one-third of Lilly Pulitzer s wholesale sales were to specialty stores and about one-fifth of Lilly Pulitzer s wholesale sales, or less than 5 of Lilly Pulitzer s net sales, were to department stores. The remaining wholesale sales were primarily to national accounts, including on-line retailers, and off-price retailers. Lilly Pulitzer s net sales to its 10 largest wholesale customers represented 8 of Lilly Pulitzer s net sales in Fiscal 2022 with its largest customer representing less than 5 of Lilly Pulitzer s net sales. An important part of Lilly Pulitzer s wholesale distribution is sales to Signature Stores. For these stores, we enter into agreements whereby we grant the other party the right to independently operate one or more stores as a Lilly Pulitzer Signature Store, subject to certain conditions, including designating substantially all floor space specifically for Lilly Pulitzer products and adhering to certain trademark usage requirements. We sell products to these Lilly Pulitzer Signature Stores on a wholesale basis and do not receive royalty income associated with these sales. As of January 28, 2023, there were 48 Lilly Pulitzer Signature Stores. Johnny Was On September 19, 2022, we acquired the Johnny Was California lifestyle brand and related operations, which includes the design, sourcing, marketing and distribution of collections of affordable luxury, artisan-inspired bohemian apparel, accessories and home goods. The Johnny Was brand was founded in 1987 and continues to transcend fashion trends with its beautifully crafted, globally inspired products and demonstrates a unique ability to combine and mix elevated fabrics, patterns, bespoke prints and artisanal embroidery that distinguishes its product in the marketplace. Johnny Was products can be found on the Johnny Was website, johnnywas.com, and in our full-price retail stores as well as select department stores and specialty stores. During the 12 months ended January 28, 2023, 90 of the net sales of Johnny Was were for women s apparel, with the remaining sales consisting of Johnny Was accessories, including home products, shoes, scarves, handbags, and jewelry. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Direct to Consumer Operations The Johnny Was direct to consumer distribution channel, which consists of e-commerce operations and the Johnny Was retail stores, represented 75 of the Johnny Was net sales in the 12 months ended January 28, 2023. A key element of the Johnny Was strategy is the johnnywas.com website, which generated 83 million of net sales, or 40 of the net sales of Johnny Was, in the 12 months ended January 28, 2023. Another key component of our Johnny Was direct to consumer strategy is to operate our own Johnny Was stores, which represented 35 of the net sales of Johnny Was in the 12 months ended January 28, 2023. The Johnny Was e-commerce business has experienced very strong growth in recent years, and we anticipate that the net sales growth of the e-commerce business will remain strong in the future. Our full-price retail store strategy for the Johnny Was brand includes operating full-price retail stores in higher-end lifestyle shopping centers and malls, resort destinations and brand-appropriate street locations. As of January 28, 2023, about 70 of the Johnny Was full-price stores were located in lifestyle centers, open air shopping environments or street front locations with the remaining 30 of locations in indoor regional malls. Full-price retail store sales per gross square foot for Johnny Was for the 12 months ended January 28, 2023 were approximately 740 for the full-price retail stores which were open the full 12 months. Our Johnny Was outlet stores are generally located in outlet shopping centers that include other upscale retailers and serve an important role in overall inventory management by often allowing us to sell discontinued and out-of-season products at better prices than are otherwise available from outside parties. The table below provides certain information regarding Johnny Was direct to consumer locations as of January 28, 2023. 

Full-Price Retail Stores Outlet Stores Total California 17 1 18 Florida 8 1 9 Texas 8 8 New York 3 3 Other states 29 29 Total 65 2 67 Average square feet per store 1,700 1,300 Total square feet at year end 110,000 2,500 During the 12 months ended January 28, 2023, 29 , 16 and 13 of the retail store sales of Johnny Was were in stores located in California, Texas and Florida, respectively. During the 12 months ended January 28, 2023, including e-commerce sales, California, Texas, and Florida represented 24 , 15 and 11 , respectively, of our total Johnny Was direct to consumer sales. The table below reflects the changes in store count for Johnny Was during Fiscal 2022. 

Full-Price Retail Stores Outlet Stores Total Open as of January 29, 2022 56 2 58 Opened 5 5 Open as of September 19, 2022 acquisition date 61 2 63 Opened 4 4 Open as of end of fiscal year 65 2 67 Currently, we expect to open approximately 10 new full-price retail stores in Fiscal 2023. During Fiscal 2023, we anticipate opening full-price retail stores across the country including stores in Colorado, Idaho, Missouri, Oklahoma, North Carolina and New York as well as additional stores in California and Florida. We believe that in Fiscal 2023, we 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 may relocate or close a limited number of locations at lease expiration. The construction of and relocation of retail stores requires a greater amount of initial capital investment than wholesale operations, as well as greater ongoing operating costs. The cost to build-out a Johnny Was retail store is typically less than 0.5 million. In addition to new store openings, we also incur capital expenditure costs related to remodels or expansions of existing stores, particularly when we renew or extend a lease beyond the original lease term, or otherwise determine that a remodel of a store is appropriate. Wholesale Operations To complement our direct to consumer operations and have access to a larger group of consumers, we maintain wholesale operations for Johnny Was. These wholesale operations are primarily with better independent specialty and department stores and multi-branded e-commerce retailers that generally follow a retail model approach with limited discounting. During the 12 months ended January 28, 2023, 25 of the net sales of Johnny Was were sales to wholesale customers. During the 12 months ended January 28, 2023, about 40 and 30 of the wholesale sales of Johnny Was were to specialty stores and department stores, respectively. The remaining wholesale sales were primarily to off-price retailers and retailers in countries outside of the United States. Net sales to the 10 largest wholesale customers of Johnny Was represented 14 of the net sales of Johnny Was in the 12 months ended January 28, 2023 with its largest customer representing less than 5 of Johnny Was net sales. Emerging Brands Emerging Brands, which was organized in Fiscal 2022, consists of the operations of our smaller, earlier stage Southern Tide, TBBC and Duck Head brands. Each of the brands included in Emerging Brands designs, sources, markets and distributes apparel and related products bearing its respective trademarks and is supported by Oxford s emerging brands team that provides certain support functions to the smaller brands, including marketing and advertising execution, analysis and other functions. The shared resources provide for operating efficiencies and enhanced knowledge sharing across the brands. We acquired Southern Tide in 2016, Duck Head in 2016 and TBBC in 2017. The table below reflects the net sales (in thousands) for Fiscal 2022 by brand for each brand included in Emerging Brands. 

Fiscal 2022 Southern Tide 62,769 TBBC 44,911 Duck Head 8,804 Total Emerging Brands net sales 116,484 The brands distribute their products on their brand-specific e-commerce websites, southerntide.com, thebeaufortbonnetcompany.com and duckhead.com, as well as wholesale channels of distribution for each brand that may include independent specialty retailers, better department stores and brand specific Signature Stores. During Fiscal 2022, the majority of the sales of both Southern Tide and Duck Head were wholesale sales, while the majority of TBBC sales were direct to consumer sales. Also, a key component of our Southern Tide and TBBC growth strategy is to expand our direct to consumer retail store operations after both brands opened their first retail store locations in recent years. The table below provides certain information regarding the Emerging Brands direct to consumer locations as of January 28, 2023. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Southern Tide TBBC Total Emerging Brands Florida 5 2 7 North Carolina 1 1 South Carolina 1 1 Total 6 3 9 Average square feet per store 1,700 1,400 Total square feet at year end 10,000 4,200 The table below reflects the changes in direct to consumer location count for Emerging Brands during Fiscal 2022. 

Southern Tide TBBC Total Emerging Brands Open as of beginning of fiscal year 4 1 5 Opened 2 2 4 Closed Open as of end of fiscal year 6 3 9 During the First Quarter of Fiscal 2023, we acquired three Southern Tide Signature Stores located in Massachusetts, and during Fiscal 2023 we expect to open at least five additional Southern Tide stores, with the majority of those in Florida, resulting in a planned store count increase of eight or more for Southern Tide during Fiscal 2023. Additionally, for TBBC, we anticipate opening two new stores during Fiscal 2023. We continue to look at additional opportunities for new full-price store locations for both Southern Tide and TBBC. The operation of full-price retail stores requires a greater amount of initial capital investment than wholesale operations, as well as greater ongoing operating costs. We anticipate that most future retail store openings for Southern Tide and TBBC will generally be approximately 1,500 to 2,500 square feet; however, the determination of actual size of the store will depend on a variety of criteria. Lanier Apparel In Fiscal 2021, we exited our Lanier Apparel business, which had been focused on moderately priced tailored clothing and related products. This decision aligns with our stated business strategy of developing and marketing compelling lifestyle brands. It also took into consideration the increased macroeconomic challenges faced by the Lanier Apparel business, many of which were magnified by the COVID-19 pandemic. The operating results of the Lanier Apparel business in Fiscal 2021 largely consisted of activities associated with the wind down of operations following our Fiscal 2020 decision to exit the business. Refer to Note 11 and Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements included in this report for additional information about the Lanier Apparel exit and Fiscal 2021 operating results. Corporate and Other Corporate and Other is a reconciling category for reporting purposes and includes our corporate offices, substantially all financing activities, the elimination of inter-segment sales, any other items that are not allocated to the operating groups, including LIFO inventory accounting adjustments as our LIFO pool does not correspond to our operating group definitions, and the operations of our Lyons, Georgia distribution center and our Oxford America business, which generated net sales of 1 million and was exited in Fiscal 2022, and our 8 million minority ownership interest in a property in Indian Wells, California that will be converted into the Tommy Bahama Miramonte Resort and Spa during Fiscal 2023. TRADEMARKS We own trademarks, many of which are very important and valuable to our business, including Tommy Bahama , Lilly Pulitzer , Johnny Was , Southern Tide , The Beaufort Bonnet Company and Duck Head . Generally, our trademarks are subject to registrations and pending applications throughout the world for use on apparel and, in some cases, apparel-related products, accessories, home furnishings and beauty products, as well as in connection 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 with retail services. We continue to evaluate our worldwide usage and registration of our trademarks. In general, trademarks remain valid and enforceable as long as the trademarks are used in connection with our products and services in the relevant jurisdiction and the required registration renewals are filed. Important factors relating to risks associated with our trademarks include, but are not limited to, those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. ADVERTISING AND MARKETING During Fiscal 2022, we incurred 82 million, or 6 of net sales, of advertising expense. Advertising and marketing are an integral part of the long-term strategy for our lifestyle brands, and we therefore devote significant resources to these efforts. Thus, we believe that it is very important that our brands communicate regularly with consumers about product offerings or other brand events in order to maintain and strengthen connections with consumers. Our advertising emphasizes the respective brand s image and lifestyle and attempts to engage individuals within the target consumer demographic and guide them on a regular basis to our e-commerce websites, direct to consumer locations or wholesale customers stores and websites in search of our products. We increasingly utilize digital marketing, social media and email, and continue to use traditional direct mail communications, to interact with our consumers. We vary our engagement tactics to elevate the consumer experience as we attract new consumers, drive conversion, build loyalty, activate consumer advocacy and address the transformation of consumer shopping behaviors. Our creative marketing teams design and produce imagery and content, social media strategies and email and print campaigns designed to inspire the consumer and drive traffic to the brand. We attempt to increase our brand awareness through a strategic emphasis on technology and the elevation of our digital presence which encompasses e-commerce, mobile e-commerce, digital media, social media and influencer marketing. In this environment where many people are digital-first consumers, we continue to enhance our approach to digital marketing and invest in analytical capabilities to promote a more personalized experience across our distribution channels. At the same time, we continue to innovate to better meet consumer online shopping preferences (e.g. loyalty, ratings and reviews and mobile phone applications) and build brand equity. The ongoing trend towards a digital first consumer that was accelerated as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic provided a catalyst for accelerating the implementation of new direct to consumer business models and consumer engagement programs, such as selling through social media. Marketing initiatives in our direct to consumer operations may include special event promotions, including loyalty award card, Flip Side, Friends Family and gift with purchase events and a variety of public relations activities designed to create awareness of our brands and products, drive traffic to our websites and stores, convert new consumers and increase demand and loyalty. Our various initiatives are effective in increasing online and in-store traffic resulting in the proportion of our sales that occur during our marketing initiatives increasing in recent years, which puts some downward pressure on our direct to consumer gross margins. We believe that highly visible full-price retail stores with creative design, broad merchandise selection and brand appropriate visual presentation are key enticements for customers to visit and buy merchandise. We believe that full-price retail stores attract new consumers and enhance the shopping experience of our existing customers, which will increase consumer brand loyalty, our net sales and sales of our products by our wholesale customers. Our marketing may also include sponsorships, collaborations, and co-branding initiatives, which may be for a particular cause or non-profit organization that is expected to resonate with target consumers. For certain of our wholesale customers, we may also provide point-of-sale materials and signage to enhance the presentation of our products at their retail locations and/or participate in cooperative advertising programs. PRODUCT DESIGN We believe the principal competitive factors in the apparel industry are the reputation, value, and image of brand names; design of differentiated, innovative or otherwise compelling product; consumer preference; price; quality; marketing (including through rapidly shifting digital and social media vehicles); product fulfillment capabilities; and customer service. Our ability to compete successfully in the apparel industry is dependent on our proficiency in foreseeing changes and trends in fashion and consumer preference and presenting appealing products for consumers. Our 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 design-led, commercially informed lifestyle brand operations strive to provide exciting, differentiated products each season. Each of our lifestyle brands products are designed and developed by dedicated brand-specific teams who focus on the target consumer for the respective brand. The design process includes feedback from buyers, consumers and sales agents, along with market trend research. Our apparel products generally incorporate fabrics made of cotton, silk, linen, nylon, leather, tencel and other natural and man-made fibers, or blends of two or more of these materials. PRODUCT SOURCING We intend to maintain flexible, diversified, cost-effective sourcing operations that provide high-quality apparel and related products. Our operating groups, either internally, using in-house employees located in the United States and/or Hong Kong, or through the use of third party buying agents, manage the production and sourcing of substantially all of our apparel and related products from non-exclusive, third party producers located in foreign countries. Although we place a high value on long-term relationships with our suppliers of apparel and related products and have used many of our suppliers for a number of years, we do not have long-term contracts with our suppliers. Instead, we conduct business on an order-by-order basis. Thus, we compete with other companies for the production capacity of independent manufacturers. We believe that this approach provides us with the greatest flexibility in identifying the appropriate manufacturers while considering quality, cost, timing of product delivery and other criteria. During Fiscal 2022, we purchased our products from more than 250 suppliers, with a significant concentration of suppliers in Asia. Our 10 largest suppliers provided approximately one-third of our product purchases. During Fiscal 2022, no individual third party manufacturer, licensee or other supplier provided more than 10 of our product purchases in total. We generally acquire products sold in our food and beverage operations from various third party domestic suppliers, with a particular emphasis on procuring sustainably sourced food and locally grown produce. During Fiscal 2022, approximately 36 , 23 , and 11 of our apparel and related products acquired directly by us or via buying agents, were from producers located in China, Vietnam and Peru, respectively, with no other country representing more than 10 of such purchases. We expect that the percentage of our products sourced from producers located in China will increase to closer to 40 in Fiscal 2023, as Fiscal 2023 will include a full year of purchases for Johnny Was, which has a significantly higher concentration of production in China than our other brands. For the 12 months ended January 28, 2023, the percentage of products sourced from China for our Tommy Bahama, Lilly Pulitzer and Johnny Was operating groups were 40 , 23 and 92 , respectively. While we have and will continue to work on diversifying our supplier base and reducing the concentration of manufacturing from China in the future, the majority of fibers included in our apparel and other products currently originate in China even if the products are manufactured elsewhere. We purchase our apparel and related products from third party producers, substantially all as package purchases of finished goods. These products are manufactured with oversight by us or our third party buying agents and to our design and fabric specifications. The use of third party manufacturers reduces the amount of capital investment required by us, as operating manufacturing facilities requires a significant amount of capital investment, labor and oversight. We depend on third party producers to secure a sufficient supply of specified raw materials, adequately finance the production of goods ordered and maintain sufficient manufacturing and shipping capacity. We believe that purchasing substantially all of our products as package purchases allows us to reduce our working capital requirements as we are not required to purchase, or finance the purchase of, the raw materials or other production costs related to our apparel and related product purchases until we take ownership of the finished goods, which typically occurs when the goods are shipped by the third party producers. As the manufacture and transportation of apparel and related products for our brands may take as many as six months for each season, we typically make commitments months in advance of when products will arrive in our full-price retail stores or our wholesale customers stores. As our merchandising departments must estimate our requirements for finished goods purchases for our own full-price retail stores and e-commerce sites based on historical product demand data and other factors, and as purchases for our wholesale accounts must be committed to prior to the receipt of 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 all wholesale customer orders, we carry the risk that we have purchased more inventory than will ultimately be desired or that we will not have purchased sufficient inventory to satisfy demand, resulting in lost sales opportunities. As part of our commitment to source our products in a lawful, ethical and socially responsible manner, each of our operating groups has implemented a code of conduct program applicable to vendors from whom we purchase apparel and related products, which includes provisions related to abiding by applicable laws as well as compliance with other business or ethical standards, including related human rights, health, safety, working conditions, environmental and other requirements. We require that each of our vendors and licensees comply with the code of conduct or substantially similar compliance standards. All of our vendors from whom we purchase goods are also required by us to adhere to the United States Customs and Border Protection s Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism program, including standards relating to facility, procedural, personnel and cargo security. On an ongoing basis we assess vendors compliance with the applicable code of conduct and applicable laws and regulations through audits performed by either our employees or our designated agents. We periodically review each tier 1 supplier s compliance with our requirements and conduct social compliance audits more frequently depending on the severity of issues identified and the cooperation received during remediation. In the event we determine that a vendor is not abiding by our required standards, we work with the vendor to remediate the violation. If the violation is not satisfactorily remediated, we will discontinue use of the vendor. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY We believe that as a leading apparel company, we have a responsibility to reduce our environmental impact and make the world a better place for all people. Our Board is ultimately charged with overseeing the risks to our business on behalf of our shareholders, and we believe that our Board s active involvement in oversight of environmental, social and governance ESG initiatives affords us tremendous benefits. We report routinely to our Board and/or various Board committees about ESG risks and strategies and communicate insights provided by our directors to our brands to assist in formulating ESG goals and initiatives. Within our Corporate team, at the end of Fiscal 2022, we created an enterprise-wide Corporate Responsibility Department reporting to our General Counsel which, with input from our Executive Leadership Team, will focus in the immediate future on assessing ESG opportunities within our industry, establishing baseline metrics and objectives which we expect to publish in the future and collaborating with our brands on potential opportunities to execute brand-specific ESG initiatives. Reducing our Footprint Our business operations throughout the value chain impact the environment, and we are committed to identifying and executing commercially viable environmental sustainability initiatives to further a safer, more sustainable world for the generations that follow us. Our brands are continuously working to improve sustainability in direct to consumer location design and operations, and we have also undertaken efforts to implement sustainability measures at our offices and distribution centers. Increasing our use of sustainable materials is and will continue to be a key priority, and we are excited to introduce products crafted from sustainable materials. For example, in Fiscal 2022, we launched the Tommy Bahama Palm Modern TM line of women s swimwear, made with 75 recycled nylon. At Southern Tide, we reintroduced the Shoreline shorts, beloved by customers for their versatility and comfort, in 100 recycled materials. Within our businesses, we also seek to use preferred materials that are more environmentally responsible than their conventional counterparts like LENZING TM , ECOVERO TM Viscose and TENCEL TM Modal and raw materials that are certified to the Global Organic Textile Standard or Global Recycled Standard. Our operating groups also maintain and enforce restricted substances lists, which are informed by the American Apparel Footwear Association Environmental Task Force restricted substances list, to ensure that the use of chemicals in our products complies with all applicable legal and safety requirements. We participate in various trade initiatives and organizations to better inform ourselves about risks, opportunities and best practices. We are a proud member of the American Apparel Footwear Association (AAFA), and all of our 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 brands are signatories to the Commitment to Responsible Recruiting sponsored by the AAFA and the Fair Labor Association. Our Tommy Bahama business is a member of the Sustainable Apparel Coalition, and within our organization, we have membership in Better Cotton and partnerships with the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) and FSC-certified suppliers. Empowering our People We believe that our long-term success as an organization relies on recruiting, developing, promoting and rewarding the best and most talented people within our industry. Diversity and inclusion are key components of our corporate responsibility framework, and we are committed to creating a culture where people have a sense of belonging and purpose to maximize their fullest potential. For more information about our workforce and diversity and inclusion initiatives, please refer to Part I, Item 1, Business Human Capital Management. Enriching our Communities Since our founding in 1942, we have prided ourselves on being model citizens for the communities in which we operate. We focus our community initiatives on programs that can impact a broad set of constituents where we operate. Our community partners include the United Way of Greater Atlanta, the Woodruff Arts Center and Grady Hospital, and each of our operating groups partners with organizations improving quality of life in the communities where our customers and employees live and work, such as the Garden of Hope and Courage, the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, Folds of Honor and the Kentucky Children s Hospital. In 2020, we announced the launch of the Oxford Educational Access Initiative to further our goal of reducing economic and racial inequality through access to education. We believe that every child, regardless of race or economic circumstance, deserves the chance to learn and be successful. Over the course of four years beginning in 2021, we have given and will continue to give an aggregate of 1 million to community organizations with innovative program models that address a broad spectrum of educational challenges that children in underserved communities face. Each of our brands has selected recipient organizations that are working to address disparities in educational access and barriers to success for children in our local communities. IMPORT RESTRICTIONS AND OTHER GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS We are exposed to certain risks as a result of our international operations as substantially all of our merchandise, as well as the products purchased by our licensing partners, is manufactured by foreign suppliers as discussed above. Products imported by us, or imported by others and ultimately sold to us, are subject to customs, trade and other laws and regulations governing their entry into the United States and other countries where we sell our products, including various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that govern any of our activities that may have adverse environmental, health and safety effects. Noncompliance with these laws and regulations may result in significant monetary penalties. Substantially all of the merchandise we acquire is subject to certain duties which are assessed on the value of the imported product. These amounts represent a component of the inventories we sell and are included in cost of goods sold in our consolidated statements of operations. We paid total duties of more than 57 million on products imported into the United States directly by us in Fiscal 2022, with the average duty rate on those products of approximately 17 of the value of the imported product in Fiscal 2022. Duty rates vary depending on the type of garment, fiber content and country of origin and are subject to change in future periods. In addition, while the World Trade Organization s member nations have eliminated quotas on apparel and textiles, the United States and other countries into which we import our products are still allowed in certain circumstances to unilaterally impose anti-dumping or countervailing duties in response to threats to their comparable domestic industries. Although we have not been materially inhibited from sourcing products from desired markets in the past, we cannot assure that significant impediments will not arise in the future as we expand product offerings and enter into new markets. In recent years the United States government has implemented additional duties on certain product categories across various industries. It is possible that additional duty increases could occur in future years, which could have a 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 significant unfavorable impact on the apparel retail industry and our cost of goods sold, operations, net sales, net earnings and cash flows. Our management regularly monitors proposed regulatory changes and the existing regulatory environment, including any impact on our operations or on our ability to import products. As a result of these changes and increased costs of production in certain countries that unfavorably impact our cost of goods sold, we continue to make changes in our supply chain, including exiting certain factories and sourcing those products from a factory in a different foreign country. In addition, apparel and other related products sold by us are subject to stringent and complex product performance and security and safety standards, laws and other regulations. These regulations relate principally to product labeling, certification of product safety and importer security procedures. We believe that we are in material compliance with those regulations. Our licensed products and licensing partners are also generally subject to such regulations. Important factors relating to risks associated with government regulations include those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. DISTRIBUTION CENTERS We operate a number of distribution centers. Our Auburn, Washington, King of Prussia, Pennsylvania and Los Angeles, California distribution centers serve our Tommy Bahama, Lilly Pulitzer and Johnny Was operating groups, respectively. Additionally, a third party distribution center in Los Angeles, California provides distribution services for the Johnny Was e-commerce operations. Our Lyons, Georgia distribution center provides primary distribution services for our smaller Southern Tide, TBBC and Duck Head businesses, as well as certain distribution services for our Lilly Pulitzer and Tommy Bahama businesses. Activities at the distribution centers include receiving finished goods from suppliers, inspecting the products and shipping the products to our retail store, e-commerce and wholesale customers, as applicable. We seek to maintain sufficient levels of inventory at the distribution centers to support our direct to consumer operations, as well as pre-booked, at-once and some in-stock replenishment orders for our wholesale customers. We use a local third party distribution center for our Tommy Bahama Australia operations. In Fiscal 2022, 80 of our net sales were direct to consumer sales, which are filled on a current basis; accordingly, an order backlog is not material to our business. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES We believe that sophisticated information systems and functionality are important components of maintaining our competitive position and supporting continued growth of our businesses, particularly in the ever-changing consumer shopping environment. Our information systems are designed to provide effective retail store, e-commerce, food and beverage and wholesale operations while emphasizing efficient point-of-sale, distribution center, design, sourcing, order processing, marketing, customer relationship management, accounting and other functions. We regularly evaluate the adequacy of our information technologies and upgrade or enhance our systems to gain operating efficiencies, to provide additional consumer access and to support our anticipated growth as well as other changes in our business. We believe that continuous upgrading and enhancements to our information systems with newer technology that offers greater efficiency, functionality and reporting capabilities is critical to our operations and financial condition. We plan to increase our investment in information technology initiatives in Fiscal 2023 compared to Fiscal 2022 levels which will result in increased capital expenditures and SG A and decrease operating margin from the levels achieved in Fiscal 2022 in the near term but provide significant long term benefits to our business operations and financial success. LICENSING AND OTHER DISTRIBUTION ARRANGEMENTS We license certain of our trademarks, including the Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer names, to licensees in categories beyond our brands core product categories. We believe licensing is an attractive business opportunity for our larger lifestyle brands. Once a brand is more fully established, licensing typically requires modest additional investment but can yield high-margin income. It also affords the opportunity to enhance overall brand awareness and exposure. In 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 evaluating a licensee for our brands, we consider the candidate s experience, financial stability, sourcing expertise and marketing ability. We also evaluate the marketability and compatibility of the proposed licensed products with the brand image and our own products. Our agreements with our licensees are brand specific, relate to specific geographic areas and have expirations at various dates in the future, with contingent renewal options in limited cases. Generally, the agreements require minimum royalty payments as well as royalty payments based on specified percentages of the licensee s net sales of the licensed products as well as certain obligations for advertising and marketing. Our license agreements generally provide us the right to approve all products, advertising and proposed channels of distribution. We license the Tommy Bahama brand for a broad range of product categories including indoor furniture, outdoor furniture, beach chairs, bedding and bath linens, fabrics, leather goods and gifts, headwear, hosiery, sleepwear, shampoo, toiletries, fragrances, cigar accessories, distilled spirits, resort operations and other products. Third party license arrangements for Lilly Pulitzer products include stationery and gift products; home furnishing products; and eyewear. In addition to our license arrangements for the specific product categories listed above, we may enter into certain international distributor agreements which allow third parties to distribute apparel and other products on a wholesale and/or retail basis within certain countries or regions. As of January 28, 2023, we have agreements for the distribution of Tommy Bahama products in the Middle East and parts of Latin America. The products sold by the distributors generally are identical to the products sold in our own Tommy Bahama stores. In addition to selling Tommy Bahama goods to wholesale accounts, the distributors may, in some cases, operate a limited number of their own retail stores. Additionally, we have arrangements for distribution of Johnny Was products in certain countries. None of our international distributor agreements are expected to generate growth that would materially impact our operating results in the near term. SEASONAL ASPECTS OF BUSINESS Each of our operating groups is impacted by seasonality as the demand by specific product or style, as well as by distribution channel, may vary significantly depending on the time of year. As a result, our quarterly operating results and working capital requirements fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. Typically, the demand for products for our larger brands is higher in the spring, summer and holiday seasons and lower in the fall season (the third quarter of our fiscal year). Thus, our third quarter historically has had the lowest net sales and net earnings compared to other quarters. Further, the impact of certain unusual or non-recurring items, economic conditions, our e-commerce flash clearance sales, wholesale product shipments, weather, acquisitions or other factors affecting our operations may vary from one year to the next. Therefore, due to the potential impact of these items and the September 2022 acquisition of Johnny Was, we do not believe that net sales or operating income by quarter in Fiscal 2022 is indicative of the expected proportion of amounts by quarter for future periods. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Our key strategy is to own brands that make people happy, and we recognize that successful execution of our strategy starts with people. We believe treating people fairly and with respect is key to long-term success and, more importantly, is simply the right thing to do. As of January 28, 2023, we employed approximately 6,000 individuals globally, more than 95 of whom were in the United States. Approximately 70 of our employees were retail store and food and beverage employees. Our employee base fluctuates during the year, as we typically hire seasonal employees to support our retail store and food and beverage operations, primarily during the holiday selling season. None of our employees as of January 28, 2023 was represented by a union. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Commitment to our Core Values Our actions are guided by our company s core values: Integrity Build trust through honest relationships. Do the right thing. Respect Have respect for oneself and for one another. Lead by example. Exercise humility. Inclusion Root our relationships with one another in understanding, awareness and mutual respect. Value and embrace diversity. Welcome the respectful, open expression of differing ideas and perspectives. Accountability Own our words, decisions and actions. Earn our reputation. Teamwork Show up for each other. Solve problems through good and transparent communication. Know we are strongest when we work as a team. Curiosity Improve and innovate. Simplify and streamline. Embrace change. Challenge ourselves. We believe that our adherence to these core values in everything we do as a company furthers our good relations with employees, suppliers and customers. Commitment to Human Rights and our Code of Conduct We are committed to respecting human rights in our business operations, including throughout our supply chain and product life cycle. As part of our supplier audit processes, we conduct human rights due diligence to identify risks and work to mitigate them, and our supplier codes of conduct set forth minimum social responsibility requirements to ensure that the human rights of all people in our value chain are respected. We do not tolerate harassment, discrimination, violence or retaliation of any kind. Our Code of Conduct applies to all employees, officers and directors in our organization and addresses, among other topics, compliance with laws, avoiding conflicts of interest, gifts and entertainment, bribery and kickbacks, anti-discrimination and anti-harassment and reporting misconduct. Our General Counsel takes responsibility for reviewing and refreshing our Code of Conduct; educating our team members about our expectations; and, as applicable, enforcing the Code of Conduct. All employees at the time of hire are required to read and certify compliance with the Code of Conduct and are given an opportunity to ask questions. Talent and Development We are always looking for great people to join our team. We recognize that in order to remain competitive, we must attract, develop and retain top caliber employees in our design, marketing, merchandising, information technology and other functions, as well as in our direct to consumer locations and distribution centers. Competition for talented employees is intense. In furtherance of attracting and retaining employees committed to our core values and business strategy, we maintain competitive compensation programs that include a variety of components, including competitive pay consistent with skill level, experience and knowledge, as well as comprehensive benefit plans consisting of health and welfare plans, retirement benefits and paid leave for our employee base in the United States. In 2018, we launched an ongoing initiative to assess how well we are doing in managing performance, developing our people and putting our talent to its highest and best use across our company. Our aim is greater employee engagement and ultimately a more effective organization. As part of our commitment to our people, throughout our brands and businesses, we provide employees with training, growth and development opportunities, including on-the-job training, learning and development programs, and other educational programs. Outside of the United States, we work with outside partners familiar with the local markets and laws to ensure our rewards are competitive within that jurisdiction and support employee well-being. Diversity Inclusion Our ongoing commitment to having the best people includes a commitment to equal opportunity. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace that respects and invites differing ideas and perspective. We have a number of 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 initiatives to ensure that our hiring, retention and advancement practices promote fair and equal opportunities across our workforce and ensure that we will have the best people in the industry to support our businesses going forward. Our diversity and inclusion strategies begin at the recruiting stage, where we seek to attract and hire the most qualified candidates possible, without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, genetics or other protected characteristics. We reinforce our values and goals through our Code of Conduct and other workplace policies, with an anonymous, confidential ethics hotline that allows our employees to voice concerns. We also seek to ensure that our pay and rewards programs and advancement opportunities are consistent with our culture of equality. As of January 28, 2023, our domestic workforce, which comprised over 95 of our employee population, was self-disclosed as 34 male, 65 female and less than 1 undisclosed or choosing not to identify. Among our management employees, who comprise approximately 18 of our workforce, the self-disclosed figures were 29 male, 71 female and less than 1 undisclosed or choosing not to identify. As of January 28, 2023, the self-disclosed ethnicity of our domestic workforce was 60 white (not Hispanic or Latino) and 40 non-white, whereas for management employees, the self-disclosed ethnicity figures were 75 white (not Hispanic or Latino) and 25 non-white. INFORMATION Oxford Industries, Inc. is a Georgia corporation originally founded in 1942. Our corporate headquarters are located at 999 Peachtree Street, N.E., Ste. 688, Atlanta, Georgia 30309. Our internet address is oxfordinc.com. Copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, proxy statement, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our website the same day that they are electronically filed with the SEC. We also use our website as a means of disclosing additional information, including for complying with our disclosure obligations under the SEC s Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure). The information on our website is not and should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference in this document. Item 1A. Risk Factors The risks described below highlight some of the factors that could materially affect our operations. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, prospects and/or operating results may be adversely affected. These are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we currently consider immaterial or are not presently known to us may also adversely affect our business. Risks Related to our Industry and Macroeconomic Conditions Our business and financial condition are heavily influenced by general economic and market conditions which are outside of our control. We are a consumer products company and are highly dependent on consumer discretionary spending and retail traffic patterns, particularly in the United States. The demand for apparel products changes as regional, domestic and international economic conditions change and may be significantly impacted by trends in consumer confidence and discretionary consumer spending patterns. These trends may be influenced by employment levels; recessions; inflation and increased interest rates; fuel and energy costs; tax rates; personal debt levels; savings rates; stock market and housing market volatility; shifting social ideology; and general uncertainty about the future. The factors impacting consumer confidence and discretionary consumer spending patterns are outside of our control and difficult to predict, and, often, the apparel industry experiences longer periods of recession and greater declines than the general economy. In recent months, we have seen increased uncertainty about current and future economic conditions, which has led to heightened concerns about inflation, a global economic recession, geopolitical issues, the stability of the U.S. banking system, the availability and cost of credit and continued increases in interest rates. These conditions are creating a complex and challenging retail environment, which may impact consumer spending and consumer preferences. For instance, entering Fiscal 2023, these concerns have led to conservative purchase order decisions for future seasons by 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 many of our wholesale customers. A decline in consumer confidence or change in discretionary consumer spending patterns could reduce our sales, increase our inventory levels, result in more promotional activities and/or lower our gross margins, any or all of which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may in the future have, a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, financial condition and results of operations. Since 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has created tremendous uncertainty and disruption in the global economy and has had an adverse impact on our business, revenues and results of operations. In Fiscal 2020, we experienced a net sales decline of 33 from Fiscal 2019 and incurred a net loss of 96 million. While our bricks and mortar operations largely resumed normal operations during most of Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022, we did continue to experience temporary closures of our physical locations due to one or more employees testing positive for COVID-19, and our operations were impacted by various health and safety guidelines and restrictions imposed by state and local governments. There can be no assurance that distribution centers, restaurants and/or retail stores will not close in the future, including for extended periods, upon additional COVID-19 outbreaks, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, financial condition and results of operations. We also rely on suppliers outside of the United States to manufacture our products. As a result of COVID-19 and the measures designed to contain the spread of the virus, our third party suppliers, who are concentrated in Asia, have been, and may in the future be, impacted by materials, capacity, capability or labor constraints. The failure to timely deliver products to us in accordance with our specifications negatively impacts our inventory levels and our ability to have fresh, in-season product available for sale, which may adversely impact our revenues. In addition, we engage freight forwarders, logistics providers and third party shipping vendors to deliver products to us, our retail locations and/or our customers. Service delays or disruptions, restrictions on services available to us or price increases imposed by these vendors due to increased demand or operational challenges has and may continue to exacerbate these challenges, which could also result in lost sales, returns, requests for refunds or cancellation of orders, any or all of which could harm our reputation and relationships with our customers. The rapid development and fluidity of the pandemic prevents us from making any prediction as to its ultimate impact. The full extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our future revenues, operations, financial condition and results of operations continues to remain uncertain. Furthermore, other public health crises, including any outbreak of other diseases or pandemics, could negatively impact our business and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive industry with significant pricing pressures and heightened customer expectations. We operate in a highly competitive industry in which the principal competitive factors are the reputation, value and image of brand names; design of differentiated, innovative or otherwise compelling product; consumer preference; price; quality; marketing (including through rapidly shifting digital and social media vehicles); product fulfillment capabilities; and customer service. The highly competitive apparel industry is characterized by low barriers to entry, with new competition entering the marketplace regularly. There are numerous domestic and foreign apparel designers, distributors, importers, licensors and retailers. Some of these companies may be significantly larger or more diversified than us and/or have significantly greater financial resources than we do. Competition in the apparel industry is particularly enhanced in the digital marketplace for our rapidly growing e-commerce businesses, where there are new entrants in the market, greater pricing pressure and heightened customer expectations and competitive pressure related to, among other things, customer engagement, delivery speed, shipping charges and return privileges. In addition, fast fashion, value fashion and off-price retailers have shifted customer expectations of pricing for well-known brands and have contributed to additional promotional pressure in recent years. These and other competitive factors within the apparel industry may result in reduced sales, increased costs, lower prices for our products and/or decreased margins. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Failure to anticipate and adapt to changing fashion trends and consumer preferences could harm our reputation and financial performance. We believe that our ability to compete successfully is directly related to our proficiency in foreseeing changes and trends in fashion and consumer preference and presenting appealing products for consumers when and where they seek it. Although certain of our products carry over from season to season, the apparel industry is subject to rapidly changing fashion trends and shifting consumer expectations. The increasing shift to digital brand engagement and social media communication, as well as the attempted replication of our products by competitors, presents emerging challenges for our business. The apparel industry is also impacted by changing consumer preferences regarding spending categories generally, including shifts away from traditional consumer product spending and towards experiential spending and sustainable products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully evaluate and adapt our products to align with evolving trends. Any failure on our part to develop and market appealing products could harm the reputation and desirability of our brands and products and/or result in weakened financial performance. Our operations and those of our suppliers, vendors and wholesale customers may be affected by changes in weather patterns, natural or man-made disasters, public health crises, war, terrorism or other catastrophes. Our sales volume and operations and the operations of third parties on whom we rely, including our suppliers, vendors, licensees and wholesale customers, may be adversely affected by unseasonable or severe weather conditions, natural or man-made disasters, hurricanes, public health crises, war, terrorist attacks, including heightened security measures and responsive military actions, or other catastrophes which may cause consumers to alter their purchasing habits or result in a disruption to our operations. Our business may also be adversely affected by instability, disruption or destruction, regardless of cause. These events may result in closures of our retail stores, restaurants, offices or distribution centers and/or declines in consumer traffic, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Because of the seasonality of our business, the concentration of a significant proportion of our retail stores and wholesale customers in certain geographic regions, including a resort and/or coastal focus for most of our lifestyle brands, and the concentration of our sourcing and distribution center operations, the occurrence of such events could disproportionately impact our business, financial condition and operating results. The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine has adversely affected the global economy, resulted in heightened economic sanctions against Russia from the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, and the international community, and has resulted in geopolitical instability and market disruption. Although we do not have operations or generate revenues in the impacted regions, the geopolitical tensions related to the war could result in broader impacts that expand into other markets, cyberattacks, supply chain and logistics disruptions and lower consumer demand, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. Risks Related to our Business Strategy and Operations Failure to maintain the reputation or value of our brands could harm our business operations and financial condition. Our success depends on the reputation and value of our brand names. The value of our brands could be diminished by actions taken by us or by our licensees, wholesale customers or others who have an interest in our brands. Actions that could cause harm to our brands include failing to respond to emerging fashion trends or meet consumer quality expectations; selling products bearing our brands through distribution channels that are inconsistent with customer expectations; becoming overly promotional; or setting up consumer expectations for promotional activity for our products. In addition, social media is a critical marketing and customer acquisition and customer retention strategy in today s technology-driven retail environment, and the value of our brands could be adversely affected if we do not effectively and accurately communicate our brand message through social media vehicles, including with respect to our social responsibility and environmental sustainability initiatives. The concentration in our portfolio heightens the risks we face if one of our larger brands is adversely impacted by actions we or third parties take with respect to that brand. The improper or detrimental actions of a licensee or wholesale customer, including a third party distributor in an international market, or for example, the operator of the planned Tommy Bahama Miramonte Resort Spa targeted 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 to open in late Fiscal 2023, which is an unproven concept with previously untested brand and operating standards, could also significantly impact the perception of our brands. While we enter into comprehensive license and similar collaborative agreements with third party licensees covering product design, product quality, brand standards, sourcing, social compliance, distribution, operations, manufacturing and/or marketing requirements and approvals, there can be no guarantee our brands will not be negatively impacted through our association with products or concepts outside of our core apparel products and by the market perception of the third parties with whom we associate. In addition, we cannot always control the marketing and promotion of our products by our wholesale customers, and actions by such parties that adversely affect the appeal of our products could diminish the value or reputation of one or more of our brands and have an adverse effect on our sales, gross margins and business operations. The appeal of our brands may also depend on the perceived relevance and success of our environmental, social and governance ESG initiatives and our commitments to operating our business in a socially responsible fashion. ESG risks include increased stakeholder focus on social and environmental sustainability matters, including forced labor, chemical use, energy and water use, packaging and waste, animal welfare and land use. ESG risks may also include increased pressure to expand our disclosures in these areas, make commitments, set targets or establish additional goals and take actions to meet them, which could expose us to market, operational and execution costs or risks. The metrics we disclose may not meet stakeholder expectations and may impact our reputation and the value of our brands, and a failure to achieve progress on our metrics on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our inability to execute our direct to consumer and portfolio-level strategies in response to shifts in consumer shopping behavior could adversely affect our financial results and operations. One of our key long-term initiatives over the last several years has been to grow our branded businesses through distribution strategies that allow our consumers to access our brands whenever and wherever they choose to shop. Our ability to anticipate and transform our business in response to the manner in which consumers seek to transact business and access products requires us to introduce new retail, restaurant and other concepts in suitable locations; anticipate and implement innovations in sales and marketing technology to align with our consumers shopping preferences; invest in appropriate digital and other technologies; establish the infrastructure necessary to support growth; maintain brand specific websites and mobile applications that offer the functionality and security customers expect; and effectively enhance our advertising and marketing activities, including our social media presence, to maintain our current customers and attract and introduce new consumers to our brands and offerings. For the last several years, the retail apparel market has been evolving very rapidly in ways that are disruptive to traditional fashion retailers. These changes included sustained declines in bricks and mortar retail traffic; entry into the fashion retail space by large e-commerce retailers and others with significant financial resources and enhanced distribution capabilities; increased costs to attract and retain consumers; increased investment in technology and multi-channel distribution strategies by large, traditional bricks and mortar and big box retailers; ongoing emphasis on off-price and fast fashion channels of distribution, in particular those who offer brand label products at clearance; and increased appeal for consumers of products that incorporate sustainable materials and processes in the supply chain and/or otherwise reflect their social or personal values. In response, fashion retailers and competing brands have increasingly offered greater transparency for consumers in product pricing and engaged in increased promotional activities, both online and in-store. These trends accelerated during the COVID-19 pandemic and are likely to continue to evolve in ways that may not yet be evident. In response to these evolving and rapidly changing trends in consumer shopping behavior, we have made and expect to continue to make significant investments in expanding our digital capabilities and technologies in three key areas: mobile technology; digital marketing; and the digital customer experience. Although we have experienced significant growth in our e-commerce businesses in recent years, there is no assurance that we will realize a return on these investments, be successful in continuing to grow our e-commerce businesses over the long term or that any increase we may see in net sales from our e-commerce business will not cannibalize, or be sufficient to offset any decreases in, net sales from bricks and mortar retail stores. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Any inability on our part to effectively adapt to rapidly evolving consumer behavioral trends may result in lost sales, increase our costs and/or adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition, reputation and credibility. We may be unable to grow our business through organic growth, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. A key component of our business strategy is organic growth in our brands. Organic growth may be achieved by, among other things, increasing sales in our direct to consumer channels; selling our products in new markets; increasing our market share in existing markets; expanding the demographic appeal of our brands; expanding our margins through product cost reductions, price increases or otherwise; expanding the customer reach of our brands through new and enhanced advertising initiatives; and increasing the product offerings and concepts within our various operating groups, such as the opening of additional Marlin Bars at Tommy Bahama and owned retail stores at Southern Tide and TBBC. Successful growth of our business is also subject to our ability to implement plans for expanding and/or maintaining our existing businesses at satisfactory levels. We may not be successful in achieving suitable organic growth, and our inability to grow our business may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. In addition, investments we make in technology, advertising and infrastructure, retail stores and restaurants, office and distribution center facilities, personnel and elsewhere may not yield the full benefits we anticipate, and sales growth may be outpaced by increases in operating costs, putting downward pressure on our operating margins and adversely affecting our results of operations. If we are unable to increase our revenues organically, we may be required to pursue other strategic initiatives, including reductions in costs and/or acquisitions, in order to grow our business. These initiatives may not be available to us on desirable terms, inhibiting our ability to increase profitability. The acquisition of new businesses is inherently risky, and we cannot be certain that we will realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition. Growth of our business through acquisitions of lifestyle brands that fit within our business model is a key component of our long-term business strategy, as evidenced by our acquisition of Johnny Was in September 2022. Johnny Was is an affordable luxury, artisan-inspired bohemian apparel, accessories and home goods brand that is exposed to similar industry, macroeconomic, operational, cybersecurity and information technology, sourcing, regulatory and other general risks as our other businesses. Integrating an acquired business is a complex, time-consuming and expensive process and is even more challenging for a larger, rapidly growing business such as Johnny Was. The integration process could create a number of challenges and adverse consequences for us associated with the integration of product lines, support functions, employees, sales teams and outsourced manufacturers; employee turnover, including key management and creative personnel of the acquired business and our existing businesses; disruption in product cycles for newly acquired product lines; maintenance of acceptable standards, controls, procedures and policies; operating a business in new geographic territories; diversion of the attention of our management from other areas of our business; and the impairment of relationships with customers of the acquired and existing businesses. We are still relatively early in the process of integrating the operations of Johnny Was, and there can be no assurance that we will not encounter unexpected costs or liabilities arising from the Johnny Was business or the integration process. As a result of these challenges or other factors, the benefits of an acquisition may not materialize to the extent or within the time periods anticipated. In addition, the competitive climate for desirable acquisition candidates drives higher market multiples, and we may pay more to consummate an acquisition than the value we ultimately derive from the acquired business. Acquisitions may cause us to incur debt, as we did in connection with the Johnny Was acquisition, or make dilutive issuances of our equity securities, and may result in certain impairment or amortization charges in our statements of operations. In addition, we may not complete a potential acquisition for a variety of reasons but still incur material, unrecoverable costs in the preliminary stages of evaluating and pursuing an acquisition. Additionally, as a result of acquisitions, we may become responsible for unexpected liabilities that we failed or were unable to discover in the course of performing due diligence. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 As the fashion retail environment evolves, our investment criteria for acquisitions has grown to include smaller brands and non-controlling investments in burgeoning brands seeking debt or equity financing. The limited operating history, less experienced management teams and less sophisticated systems, infrastructure and relationships generally associated with such brands may heighten the risks associated with acquisitions generally. Minority investments present additional risks, including the potential disproportionate distraction to our management team relative to the potential financial benefit; the potential for a conflict of interest; the damage to our reputation of associating with a brand which may take actions inconsistent with our values; and the financial risks associated with making an investment in an unproven business model. The divestiture or discontinuation of businesses and product lines could result in unexpected liabilities and adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. From time to time, we may also divest or discontinue businesses, product lines and/or wholesale relationships that do not align with our strategy or provide the returns that we expect or desire, such as our Fiscal 2021 exit of the Lanier Apparel business. Such dispositions and/or discontinuations may result in underutilization of our retained resources if the exited operations are not replaced with new lines of business, either internally or through acquisition. In addition, we may become responsible for unexpected liabilities, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our business could be harmed if we fail to maintain proper inventory levels. Many factors, such as economic conditions, fashion trends, consumer preferences, the financial condition of our wholesale customers and weather, make it difficult to accurately forecast demand for our products. In order to meet the expected demand for our products in a cost-effective manner, we make commitments for production several months prior to our receipt of goods and almost entirely without firm commitments from our customers. Depending on the demand for our products, we may be unable to sell the products we have ordered or that we have in our inventory, which may result in inventory markdowns or the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices and through off-price channels. These events could significantly harm our operating results and impair the image of our brands. Conversely, if we underestimate the timing or extent of demand for our products or if we are unable to access our products when we need them, for example due to a third party manufacturer s inability to source materials or produce goods in a timely fashion or as a result of delays in the delivery of products to us, issues which have been exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic, we may experience inventory shortages, which might result in lost sales, unfilled orders, negatively impacted customer relationships, and diminished brand loyalty, any of which could harm our business. These risks relating to inventory may also escalate as our direct to consumer sales, for which we do not have any advance purchase commitments, continue to increase as a proportion of our consolidated net sales. We are subject to risks associated with leasing real estate for our retail stores and restaurants. We lease all of our retail store and restaurant locations. Successful operation of our retail stores and restaurants depends, in part, on our ability to identify desirable, brand appropriate locations; the overall ability of the location to attract a consumer base sufficient to make sales volume profitable; our ability to negotiate satisfactory lease terms and employ qualified personnel; and our ability to timely construct and complete any build out and open the location in accordance with our plans, which could be delayed due to supply chain constraints, delays in permitting and government approval processes and/or labor or materials shortages. A decline in the volume of consumer traffic at our retail stores and restaurants, due to economic conditions, shifts in consumer shopping preferences or technology, a decline in the popularity of malls or lifestyle centers in general or at those in which we operate, the closing of anchor stores or other adjacent tenants or otherwise, could have a negative impact on our sales, gross margins and results of operations. Our growth may be limited if we are unable to identify new locations with consumer traffic sufficient to support a profitable sales level or the local market reception to a new retail store opening is inconsistent with our expectations. Our retail store and restaurant leases generally represent long-term financial commitments, with substantial costs at lease inception for a location s design, leasehold improvements, fixtures and systems installation and recurring fixed costs. On an ongoing basis, we review the financial performance of our retail and restaurant locations in order to determine whether continued operation is appropriate. Even if we determine that it is desirable to exit a particular 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 location, we may be unable to close an underperforming location due to continuous use clauses and/or because negotiating an early termination would be cost prohibitive. In addition, due to the fixed-cost structure associated with these operations, negative cash flows or the closure of a retail store or restaurant could result in impairment of leasehold improvements, impairment of operating lease assets and/or other long-lived assets, severance costs, lease termination costs or the loss of working capital, which could adversely impact our business and financial results. Furthermore, as each of our leases expire, we may be unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, including as a result of shifts in how shopping center operators seek to merchandise the particular center s lineup, which could force us to close retail stores and/or restaurants in desirable locations. Furthermore, a deterioration in the financial condition of shopping center operators or developers could, for example, limit their ability to invest in improvements and finance tenant improvements for us and other retailers and lead consumers to view these locations as less desirable. In addition, if our e-commerce businesses continue to grow, they may do so in part by attracting existing customers, rather than new customers, who choose to purchase products from us online through our websites rather than from our physical stores, thereby reducing the financial performance of our bricks and mortar operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. We make use of debt to finance our operations, which could expose us to risks that adversely affect our business, financial position and operating results. Our levels of debt vary as a result of the seasonality of our business, investments in our operations, acquisitions we undertake and working capital needs. As of January 28, 2023, we had 119 million of borrowings under our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement, which was primarily driven by our acquisition of Johnny Was. In the future, our debt levels may increase under our existing facility or potentially under new facilities, or the terms or forms of our financing arrangements may change. Our indebtedness under the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement includes certain obligations and limitations, including the periodic payment of principal, interest and unused line fees, maintenance of certain covenants and certain other limitations. The negative covenants in the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement limits our ability to, among other things, incur debt, guaranty certain obligations, incur liens, pay dividends, repurchase common stock, make investments, sell assets or make acquisitions. These obligations and limitations may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to any competitors that may be less leveraged and limit our flexibility in carrying out our business plans and planning for, or reacting to, change. In addition, we are subject to interest rate risk on the indebtedness under our variable rate U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement, particularly in the current macroeconomic environment. An increase in the interest rate environment, such as the recent increases in interest rates implemented by the Federal Reserve, would require us to pay a greater amount towards interest on our borrowings. The continued growth of our business depends on our access to sufficient funds. If the need arises in the future to finance expenditures in excess of those supported by our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement, we may need to seek additional funding through debt or equity financing. Our ability to obtain that financing will depend on many factors, including prevailing market conditions, our financial condition and our ability to negotiate favorable terms and conditions. The terms of any such financing or our inability to secure such financing could adversely affect our ability to execute our strategies, and the negative covenants in our debt agreements, now or in the future, may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions and/or limit our flexibility in carrying out our business strategy and plans. The loss of one or more of our key wholesale customers, or a significant adverse change in a customer s financial position, could negatively impact our net sales and profitability. We generate a material percentage of our wholesale sales, which was 20 of our net sales in Fiscal 2022, from a few key customers. Although our largest customer only represented 4 of our consolidated net sales in Fiscal 2022, the failure to increase or maintain our sales with our key customers as much as we anticipate would have a negative 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 impact on our growth prospects and any decrease or loss of these customers business could result in a decrease in our net sales and operating income if we are unable to capture these sales through our direct to consumer operations or other wholesale accounts. Over the last several years, department stores and other large retailers have faced increased competition from online competitors, declining sales and profitability and tightened credit markets, resulting in store closures, bankruptcies and financial restructurings. Restructuring of our customers operations, continued store closures or increased direct sourcing by customers could negatively impact our net sales and profitability. We also extend credit to most of our key wholesale customers without requiring collateral, which results in a large amount of receivables from just a few customers. A significant adverse change in a customer s financial position or ability to satisfy its obligations to us could cause us to limit or discontinue business with that customer, in some cases after we have already made product purchase commitments for inventory; require us to assume greater credit risk relating to that customer s receivables; or limit our ability to collect amounts related to shipments to that customer. In addition, a decision by one or more of our key wholesale customers to terminate its relationship with us or to reduce its purchases, whether motivated by competitive considerations, a change in desired product assortment, quality or style issues, financial difficulties, economic conditions or otherwise, could also adversely affect our business. Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Information Technology Cybersecurity attacks and/or breaches of information security or privacy could disrupt our operations, cause us to incur additional expenses, expose us to litigation and/or cause us financial harm. Cybersecurity attacks continue to become increasingly sophisticated, and experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or compromise our assets, including confidential information, or disrupt our systems. We collect, use, store and transmit sensitive and confidential personal information of our customers, employees, suppliers and others as an ongoing part of our business operations, and we are regularly subject to attempts by attackers to gain unauthorized access to our networks, systems and data, or to obtain, change or destroy confidential information. In addition, customers may use devices or software that are beyond our control environment to purchase our products, which may provide additional avenues for attackers to gain access to confidential information. Despite our implementation of security measures, if an actual or perceived data security breach occurs, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks, computer viruses, vandalism, ransomware, human error or otherwise, or if there are perceived vulnerabilities in our systems, the image of our brands and our reputation and credibility could be damaged, and, in some cases, our continued operations may be impaired or restricted. Ongoing and increasing costs to enhance cybersecurity protection and prevent, eliminate or mitigate vulnerabilities and comply with required security or other measures under state, federal and international laws, which may include deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees and engaging third party experts and consultants, are significant. Although we have business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, our operations may be adversely affected by an actual or perceived data security breach. Costs to resolve any litigation or to investigate and remediate any actual or perceived breach could result in significant financial losses and expenses, as well as lost sales. While we continue to evolve and modify our business continuity plans, there can be no assurance in an escalating threat environment that they will be effective in avoiding disruption and business impacts. As part of our routine operations, we also contract with third party service providers to store, process and transmit personal information of our customers and employees. Although we may contractually require that these providers implement reasonable security measures, we cannot control third parties and cannot guarantee that a security breach will not occur at their location or within their systems. Privacy breaches of confidential information stored or used by our third party service providers or disruptions in their systems may expose us to the same risks as a breach of our own systems, including negative publicity, potential out-of-pocket costs and adverse effects on our business and customer relationships. Our operations are reliant on information technology, and any interruption or other failure could have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 The efficient operation of our business depends on information technology. This requires us to devote significant financial and employee resources to information technology initiatives and operations. Information systems are used in all stages of our operations and as a method of communication, both internally and with our customers, service providers and suppliers. Many of our information technology solutions are operated and/or maintained by third parties, including our use of cloud-based solutions. Additionally, each of our operating groups uses e-commerce websites, point-of-sale systems, enterprise order management systems, warehouse management systems and wholesale ordering systems to acquire, manage, sell and distribute goods. Our management also relies on information systems to provide relevant and accurate information in order to allocate resources, manage operations and forecast, account for and report our operating results. Service interruptions may occur as a result of a number of factors, including power outages, consumer traffic levels, computer viruses, sabotage, hacking or other unlawful activities by third parties, human error, disasters or failures to properly install, upgrade, integrate, protect, repair or maintain our various systems, networks and e-commerce websites. All of these events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In light of the current geopolitical environment, there are heightened risks that our information technology systems, as well as those of third parties on whom we rely in order to conduct our operations, could be compromised by threat actors. Reliance on outdated technology or failure to upgrade our information technology systems and capabilities could impair the efficient operation of our business and our ability to compete. Any failure to timely upgrade our technology systems and capabilities may impair our ability to market, sell and deliver products to our customers, efficiently conduct our operations, facilitate customer engagement in today s digital marketplace and/or meet the needs of our management. We regularly evaluate upgrades or enhancements to our information systems to more efficiently and competitively operate our businesses, including periodic upgrades to digital commerce and marketing, warehouse management, guest relations, omnichannel and/or enterprise order management systems in our businesses. Digital commerce and marketing have continued to increase in importance to our business, and we have invested and will continue to invest significant capital in the digital strategies, systems, expertise and capabilities necessary for us to compete effectively in this arena. Upgrades to our systems may be expensive undertakings, may not be successful and/or could be abandoned, as we did in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2020 with a Tommy Bahama information technology project. We may also experience difficulties during the implementation, upgrade or subsequent operation of our systems, including the risk of introducing cybersecurity vulnerabilities into our systems or the loss of certain functionality, information from our legacy systems and/or efficient interfaces with third party and continuing systems. Temporary processes or solutions, including manual operations, which may be required to be instituted in the short term could also significantly increase the risk of loss or corruption of data and information. Additionally, if such upgraded information technology systems fail to operate or are unable to support our growth, our store operations and websites could be severely disrupted, and we could be required to make significant additional expenditures to remedy any such failure. Remote work arrangements could inhibit our ability to effectively operate our business and result in enhanced cybersecurity risks. We anticipate continuing to implement remote work arrangements for a substantial portion of our employees in the future. If remote work arrangements negatively impact the performance or management of our employees, whether as a result of technological challenges, unsuitable work environments or other limitations, our ability to carry out key functions and successfully manage our operations could be compromised. In addition, remote work arrangements could exacerbate our existing cybersecurity and privacy risks, including by introducing vulnerabilities in our systems due to the use of laptops, mobile devices and remote work environments. Cybersecurity attacks or data security incidents resulting from a failure to manage these risks could negatively impact our business and results of operations. Risks Related to our Sourcing and Distribution Strategies Our reliance on third party producers in foreign countries to meet our production demands exposes us to risks that could disrupt our supply chain, increase our costs and negatively impact our operations. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 We source substantially all of our products from non-exclusive, third party producers located in foreign countries. Although we place a high value on long-term relationships with our suppliers, we do not have long-term supply contracts but instead conduct business on an order-by-order basis. Therefore, we compete with other companies for the production capacity of independent manufacturers. We also depend on the ability of these third party producers to secure a sufficient supply of raw materials, adequately finance the production of goods ordered and maintain sufficient manufacturing and shipping capacity, and in some cases, the products we purchase and the raw materials that are used in our products are available only from one source or a limited number of sources. Although we monitor production in third party manufacturing locations, we cannot be certain that we will not experience operational difficulties with our manufacturers, such as the reduction of available production capacity, errors in complying with product specifications, insufficient quality control, failures to meet production deadlines or increases in manufacturing costs. In addition, we may experience disruptions in our supply chain as we continue to diversify the jurisdictions from which we source products. Any such difficulties may impact our ability to deliver quality products to our customers on a timely basis, increase our costs, negatively impact our customer relationships and result in lower net sales and profits. Our operations are dependent on the global supply chain, and the impact of supply chain constraints may adversely impact our business and operating results. Our operations in recent years have been, and may continue to be, impacted by supply chain constraints, labor shortages and raw material shortages, resulting in increased costs for raw materials, longer lead times, port congestion and increased freight costs caused, in part, by the COVID-19 pandemic, increased consumer demand, the uncertain economic environment, and other macroeconomic trends. As a result of these factors within the global supply chain, our gross margins were negatively impacted during Fiscal 2021 and, to a lesser extent in Fiscal 2022. We also rely on logistics providers to transport our products to our distribution centers. Delays in shipping may cause us to have to use more expensive air freight or other more costly methods to ship our products. Failure to adequately produce and timely ship our products to customers could lead to increased costs and lost sales, negatively impact our relationships with customers, and adversely impact our brand reputation. Any disruption or failure in our primary distribution facilities may materially adversely affect our business or operations. We rely on our primary distribution facilities in order to support our direct to consumer and wholesale operations, meet customer fulfillment expectations, manage inventory, complete sales and achieve operating efficiencies. We may have a greater risk than our peers due to the concentration of our distribution facilities, as substantially all of our products for each operating group are distributed through one or two principal distribution centers. Although we continue to enhance our enterprise order management capabilities to deliver products from other physical locations, our ability to effectively support our direct to consumer and wholesale operations, meet customer expectations, manage inventory and achieve objectives for operating efficiencies depends on the proper operation of these distribution facilities, each of which manages the receipt, storage, sorting, packing and distribution of finished goods. If any of our primary distribution facilities were to shut down or otherwise become inoperable or inaccessible for any reason, including as a result of natural or man-made disasters, pandemics or epidemics, human error, or cybersecurity attacks or computer viruses, or if we are unable to receive or ship the goods in a distribution center, as a result of a technology failure, labor shortages or otherwise, we could experience a substantial loss of inventory, a reduction in sales, higher costs, insufficient inventory at our retail stores to meet consumer expectations and longer lead times associated with the distribution of our products. In addition, for the distribution facilities that we operate, there are substantial fixed costs associated with these large, highly automated distribution centers, and we could experience reduced operating and cost efficiencies during periods of economic weakness. Any disruption to our distribution facilities or in their efficient operation could negatively affect our operating results and our customer relationships. Fluctuations and volatility in the cost and availability of raw materials, labor and freight may materially increase our costs. We and our third party suppliers rely on the availability of raw materials at reasonable prices. The principal fabrics used in our business are cotton, silk, linen, leather, tencel, and other natural and man-made fibers, or blends of 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 two or more of these materials. The prices paid for these fabrics depend on the market price for raw materials used to produce them. The cost of the materials and components that are used in our manufacturing process, such as oil-related commodity prices and other raw materials, such as dyes and chemicals, and other costs, can fluctuate. We historically have not entered into any futures contracts to hedge commodity prices. In Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022, we saw increased costs of raw materials, including cotton, that impacted our production costs. These price increases could continue in future years. Employment costs represented more than 40 of our consolidated SG A in Fiscal 2022, and we have seen increases in the cost of labor in our retail, restaurant and distribution center operations as well as at many of our suppliers in recent years, which intensified during the last two years. Employment costs are affected by labor markets, as well as various federal, state and foreign laws governing matters such as minimum wage rates, overtime compensation and other requirements. In addition, in recent years, there has been significant political pressure and legislative action to increase the minimum wage rate in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We have also experienced increases in freight costs and distribution and logistics functions and may continue to see such cost and capacity pressures. Although we attempt to mitigate the effect of increases in our cost of goods sold, labor costs, occupancy costs, other operational costs and SG A items through sourcing initiatives and by selectively increasing the prices of our products, we may be unable to fully pass on these costs to our customers, and material increases in our costs may reduce the profitability of our operations and/or adversely impact our results of operations. Labor-related matters, including labor disputes, may adversely affect our operations. We may be adversely affected as a result of labor disputes in our own operations or in those of third parties with whom we work. Our business depends on our ability to source and distribute products in a timely manner, and our new retail store and restaurant growth is dependent on timely construction of our locations. While we are not subject to any organized labor agreements and have historically enjoyed good employee relations, there can be no assurance that we will not experience work stoppages or other labor problems in the future with our non-unionized employees. In addition, potential labor disputes at independent factories where our goods are produced, shipping ports or transportation carriers create risks for our business, particularly if a dispute results in work slowdowns, lockouts, strikes or other disruptions during our peak manufacturing, shipping and selling seasons. Further, we plan our inventory purchases and forecasts based on the anticipated timing of retail store and restaurant openings, which could be delayed as a result of a number of factors, including labor disputes among contractors engaged to construct our locations or within government licensing or permitting offices or the unavailability of qualified contractors due to labor shortages. Any potential labor dispute, either in our own operations or in those of third parties on whom we rely, could materially affect our costs, decrease our sales, harm our reputation or otherwise negatively affect our operations. Our geographic concentration of retail stores, restaurants and wholesale customers exposes us to certain regional risks. Our operations and retail and restaurant locations are heavily concentrated in the United States and certain geographic areas within the United States, including Florida, California, Texas and Hawaii for our Tommy Bahama operations; Florida for our Lilly Pulitzer operations; California for our Johnny Was operations; and Florida for our Emerging Brands operations. Additionally, the wholesale sales for our businesses are also geographically concentrated, including in geographic areas where we have concentrations of our own retail store locations. Due to these concentrations, as well as our brands association with the resort lifestyle and destinations, we have heightened exposure to factors that impact these regions, including general economic conditions, weather patterns, natural disasters, public health crises, changing demographics and other factors. Our international operations, including foreign sourcing, result in an exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We are exposed to certain currency exchange risks in conducting business outside of the United States. Substantially all of our product purchases are from foreign vendors and are denominated in U.S. dollars. If the value of the U.S. dollar decreases relative to certain foreign currencies in the future, then the prices that we negotiate for products could increase and we may be unable to pass this increase on to customers, which would negatively impact our margins. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 However, if the value of the U.S. dollar increases between the time a price is set and payment for a product, the price we pay may be higher than that paid for comparable goods by competitors that pay for goods in local currencies, and these competitors may be able to sell their products at more competitive prices. An increase in the value of the U.S. dollar compared to other currencies in which we have sales could also result in lower levels of sales and earnings reported in our consolidated statements of operations and lower gross margins. Additionally, currency fluctuations could also disrupt the business of our independent manufacturers by making their purchases of raw materials more expensive and difficult to finance. Risks Related to Regulatory, Tax and Financial Reporting Matters Our business is subject to various federal, foreign, state and local laws and regulations, and the costs of compliance with, or the violation of, such laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our costs or operations. We are subject to stringent standards, laws and other regulations, including those relating to labor, employment, privacy and data security, consumer protection, marketing, health, product performance, content and safety, anti-bribery, taxation, customs, logistics and other operational matters. These laws and regulations, in the United States and abroad, are complex and often vary widely by jurisdiction, making it difficult for us to ensure that we are currently or will in the future be compliant with all applicable laws and regulations in all the states and countries in which we operate. In addition to the local laws of the foreign countries in which we operate, we are subject to certain anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. If any of our international operations, or our employees or agents, violates such laws, we could become subject to sanctions or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation, business and operating results. We may be required to make significant expenditures and devote significant time and management resources to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, and a violation of applicable laws and regulations by us, or any of our suppliers or licensees, may restrict our ability to import products, require a recall of our products, lead to fines or otherwise increase our costs, negatively impact our ability to attract and retain employees or materially limit our ability to operate our business. In addition, regardless of whether any allegations of violations of the laws and regulations governing our business are valid or whether we ultimately become liable, we may be materially affected by negative publicity as a result of such allegations. In addition, the regulatory environment governing our use of individually identifiable data is complex, and compliance with new and modified state, federal and international privacy and security laws may require us to modify our operations and/or incur costs to make necessary systems changes and implement new administrative processes. In addition, because we process and transmit payment card information, we are subject to the payment card industry data security standard and card brand operating rules, which provide for a comprehensive set of rules relating to the retention and/or transmission of payment card information. If we do not comply with the applicable standards, we may be subject to fines or restrictions on our ability to accept payment cards, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Changes in international trade regulation could increase our costs and/or disrupt our supply chain. Due to our international sourcing activities, we are exposed to risks associated with changes in the laws and regulations governing the importing and exporting of apparel products into and from the countries in which we operate. These risks include imposition of additional or new antidumping, countervailing or other duties, tariffs, taxes or quota restrictions; government-imposed restrictions as a result of public health issues; changes in customs procedures for importing apparel products; restrictions on the transfer of funds to or from foreign countries; and the issuance of sanctions and trade orders. Any of these factors may disrupt our supply chain, and we may be unable to offset any associated cost increases by shifting production to suitable manufacturers in other jurisdictions in a timely manner or at acceptable prices, and future regulatory actions or changes in international trade regulation may provide our competitors with a material advantage over us or render our products less desirable in the marketplace. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 There has been heightened trade tension between the United States and China, from which we sourced 36 of our products in Fiscal 2022 and from which Johnny Was has sourced more than 90 of its products in recent years, with multiple rounds of increased U.S. tariffs on China-imported goods implemented in 2018 and 2019. It is unclear what, if any, additional actions might be considered or implemented, particularly in the current geopolitical environment. Significant tariffs or other restrictions placed on Chinese imports and any related countermeasures that are taken by China could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Any violation or perceived violation of our codes of conduct or environmental and social compliance programs, including by our manufacturers or vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our brands. We have a robust legal, social and environmental compliance program, including codes of conduct and vendor compliance standards. The reputation of our brands could be harmed if we or our third-party manufacturers and vendors, substantially all of which are located outside the United States, fail to meet appropriate product safety, product quality and social and environmental compliance standards. Despite our efforts, we cannot ensure that our manufacturers and vendors will at all times conduct their operations in accordance with ethical practices or that the products we purchase will always meet our safety and quality control standards, and any failure to do so could disrupt our supply chain and adversely affect our business operations. The presence or perception of forced labor in our supply chain in spite of our efforts to ensure that our third party manufacturers and vendors meet human rights and labor standards could result in adverse impacts on our business, including the detention of goods at U.S. ports of entry, challenges in identifying replacement vendors and harm to our reputation. While we have diversified the jurisdictions from which we source products and product inputs, our manufacturing operations remain concentrated in China, cotton is among the principal raw materials used in many of our goods and even the cotton used in our products manufactured outside of China largely originates from Chinese fabric mills. Starting in Fiscal 2020, the U.S. Government issued withhold release orders in response to concerns regarding forced labor in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (the XUAR of China. The XUAR is a globally significant source of cotton production, much of which is controlled by the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corporation XPCC and its affiliates. The Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act UFLPA ), which was enacted in 2021, created a rebuttable presumption that goods produced in whole or in part in the XUAR or connected with certain listed companies, including the XPCC and its affiliates, were produced using forced labor and are, therefore, barred from entry into the United States. Requirements for enhanced supply chain traceability, monitoring and risk screening, including pursuant to the UFLPA, have increased our compliance costs. Furthermore, while we do not knowingly source any products or product inputs from the XUAR, we have no known involvement with the XPCC, its affiliates or other entity list companies and we prohibit our suppliers from using forced labor, our supply chain is complex, and we may not have the ability to completely map and monitor it. We could be subject to penalties, fines or sanctions if any of the manufacturers from which we purchase goods is found or suspected to have dealings, directly or indirectly, with the XUAR or entity list companies, and any actions taken by customs officials to block the import of products suspected of being manufactured with forced labor, whether or not founded, could adversely impact our operations and financial results. Furthermore, consumers are increasingly attuned to the environmental and social impact of the products they purchase and companies with which they do business. A failure to effectively convey our core principles to our customers and investors or to accurately communicate our social responsibility and environmental sustainability initiatives and respond to concerns raised about them, including through our social media channels, could result in a negative public perception of our brands and products and negatively impact our business. As a multi-national apparel company, we may experience fluctuations in our tax liabilities and effective tax rate. As a multi-national apparel company, we are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. We record our income tax liability based on an analysis and interpretation of local tax laws and regulations, which requires a significant amount of judgment and estimation. In addition, we may from time to time modify our operations in an effort to minimize our consolidated income tax expense. Our effective income tax rate in any particular period or in future periods may be affected by a number of factors, including a shift in the mix of revenues, income and/or losses among domestic and international sources during a year or over a period of years; changes in tax laws and regulations and/or international tax treaties; the outcome of income tax audits in various jurisdictions; the difference 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 between the income tax deduction and the previously recognized income tax benefit related to the vesting of equity-based compensation awards; and the resolution of uncertain tax positions, any of which could adversely affect our effective income tax rate and profitability. Further, changes to U.S. and foreign tax laws and compliance with new tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our tax expense, cash flows and operations. Impairment charges for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. The carrying values of our goodwill and intangible assets, including those recorded in connection with our acquisition of a business or our bricks and mortar operations, are subject to periodic impairment testing. In connection with our acquisition of Johnny Was, we preliminarily recognized 135 million of intangible assets and 97 million of goodwill associated with those operations. Impairment testing of goodwill and intangible assets requires us to make estimates about future performance and cash flows that are inherently uncertain and can be affected by numerous factors, including changes in economic conditions, income tax rates, our results of operations and competitive conditions in the industry. For example, in Fiscal 2020, we recognized 60 million of non-cash impairment charges for goodwill and intangible assets, which reflected the impact of COVID-19 on the operations, plans and strategy of the Southern Tide business. Future impairment charges may have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements or results of operations. Any failure to maintain liquor licenses or comply with applicable regulations could adversely affect the profitability of our restaurant operations. The restaurant industry requires compliance with a variety of federal, state and local regulations. In particular, all of our Tommy Bahama restaurants and Marlin Bars serve alcohol and, therefore, maintain liquor licenses. Our ability to maintain our liquor licenses and other permits depends on our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The loss of a liquor license or other critical permits would adversely affect the profitability of that restaurant. Additionally, as a participant in the restaurant industry, we face risks related to food quality, food-borne illness, injury, health inspection scores and labor relations. The negative impact of adverse publicity relating to allegations of actual or perceived violations at one of our restaurants may extend beyond the restaurant involved to affect some or all of our other restaurants, as well as the image of the Tommy Bahama brand as a whole. General Risks Our business depends on our senior management and other key personnel, and failure to successfully attract, retain and implement succession of our senior management and key personnel or to attract, develop and retain personnel to fulfill other critical functions may have an adverse effect on our operations and ability to execute our strategies. Our senior management has substantial experience in the apparel and related industries, with our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Thomas C. Chubb III having worked with our company for more than 30 years, including in various executive management capacities. Our success depends on disciplined execution at all levels of our organization, including our senior management, and continued succession planning. Competition for qualified personnel is intense, and we compete to attract and retain these individuals with other companies that may have greater financial resources than us. While we believe that we have depth within our management team, the unexpected loss of any of our senior management, or the unsuccessful integration of new leadership, could harm our business and financial performance. In addition, we may be unable to retain or recruit qualified personnel in key areas such as product design, sales, marketing (including individuals with key insights into digital and social media marketing strategies), distribution, technology, sourcing and other support functions, which could result in missed sales opportunities and harm to key business relationships. During Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022, we experienced staffing shortages, higher turnover rates and challenges in recruiting and retaining qualified employees at all levels of our organization, which may continue in the future. Our inability or failure to recruit and retain skilled personnel could adversely impact our business, financial performance, reputation, ability to keep up with the needs of our customers and overall customer satisfaction. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 We may be unable to protect our trademarks and other intellectual property. We believe that our trademarks and other intellectual property rights have significant value and are important to our continued success and our competitive position due to their recognition by consumers and retailers. Substantially all of our consolidated net sales are attributable to branded products for which we own the trademark. Therefore, our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to protect and preserve our intellectual property. We rely on laws in the United States and other countries to protect our proprietary rights. However, we may not be able to sufficiently prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without our authorization, particularly in those countries where the laws do not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. We have also experienced inherent, expanding challenges with enforcing our intellectual property rights on third party e-commerce websites, especially those based in foreign jurisdictions. The use of our intellectual property or similar intellectual property by others could reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage we have developed, causing us to lose sales or otherwise harm the reputation of our brands. We devote significant resources to the registration and protection of our trademarks and to anti-counterfeiting efforts. Despite these efforts, we regularly discover products that infringe our proprietary rights or that otherwise seek to mimic or leverage our intellectual property. Counterfeiting and other infringing activities typically increase as brand recognition increases, and association of our brands with inferior counterfeit reproductions or third party labels could adversely affect the integrity and reputation of our brands. Additionally, there can be no assurance that the actions that we have taken will be adequate to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products as violations of proprietary rights. As we extend our brands into new product categories and new product lines and expand the geographic scope of the sourcing, distribution and marketing of our brands products, we could become subject to litigation or challenge based on allegations of the infringement of intellectual property rights of third parties, including by various third parties who have acquired or claim ownership rights in some of our trademarks internationally. In the event a claim of infringement against us is successful or would otherwise affect our operations, we may be required to pay damages, royalties, license fees or other costs to continue to use intellectual property rights that we had been using, or we may be unable to obtain necessary licenses from third parties at a reasonable cost or within a reasonable time. Litigation and other legal action of this type, regardless of whether it is successful, could result in substantial costs to us and diversion of the attention of our management and other resources. We are subject to periodic litigation, which may cause us to incur substantial expenses or unexpected liabilities. From time to time, we are involved in litigation matters, which may relate to employment practices, consumer protection, intellectual property infringement, product liability and contract disputes, and which may include a class action, and we are subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the ordinary course of our business operations. Often, these cases raise complex factual and legal issues and, due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. Regardless of the outcome or whether the claims have merit, legal proceedings may be expensive and require significant management time. Our common stock price may be highly volatile, and we may be unable to meet investor and analyst expectations. Our common stock, which is currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange, may be subject to extreme and unpredictable fluctuations in price. The market price of our common stock may decline if the results of our operations or projected results do not meet the expectations of securities analysts or our shareholders, investors are unreceptive to an announcement of changes in our business or our strategic initiatives or securities analysts who follow our company change their ratings or estimates of our future performance. Our stock price may also change suddenly as a result of other factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions, new or modified legislation impacting our industry, announcements by our competitors, or sales of our stock by existing shareholders. The stock market has also experienced periods of general volatility which result in fluctuations in stock prices unrelated or disproportionate to operating performance. We cannot provide assurances that there will continue to be an 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 active trading market for our stock, and the price of our common stock may also be affected by illiquidity or perceived illiquidity of our shares. In addition, although we have paid dividends in each quarter since we became a public company in July 1960, we may discontinue or reduce dividend payments based upon several factors, including the terms of our credit facility and applicable law, the need for funding for our strategic initiatives or other capital expenditures and our future cash needs. Any modification or suspension of dividends could cause our stock price to decline. We also may be subject, from time to time, to legal and business challenges or disruptions in the operation of our company due to actions instituted by activist shareholders or others. Other factors may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Other risks, many of which are beyond our ability to control or predict, could negatively impact our business and financial performance, including changes in social, political, labor, health and economic conditions; changes in the operations or liquidity of any of the parties with which we conduct our business, or in the access to capital markets for any such parties; increasing costs of customer acquisition, activation and retention; consolidation in the retail industry; and other factors. Any of these risks, and others of which we are not aware or that we currently consider to be immaterial, could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties We lease and own space for our direct to consumer locations, distribution centers, and sales/administration offices in various locations. We believe that our existing properties are well maintained, are in good operating condition and will be adequate for our present level of operations. We also own one property located in Merida, Mexico that was previously used in our Lanier Apparel manufacturing operations. In the ordinary course of business, we enter into lease agreements for our direct to consumer operations, including leases for full-price retail store, food and beverage and outlet store space. The leases have varying terms and expirations and may have provisions to extend, renew or terminate the lease agreement, among other terms and conditions. At times, we may determine that it is appropriate to close certain direct to consumer or other locations that no longer meet our investment criteria, by either not renewing the lease, exercising an early termination option, negotiating an early termination or otherwise. For existing leases in desirable locations, we anticipate that we will be able to extend our leases, to the extent that they expire in the near future, on terms that are satisfactory to us, or if necessary, locate substitute properties on acceptable terms. The terms and conditions of lease renewals or relocations may not be as favorable as existing leases. Details of the principal administrative, sales and distribution facilities used in our operations, including approximate square footage, are as follows: 

Square Lease Location Primary Use Operating Group Footage Expiration Seattle, Washington Sales/administration Tommy Bahama 125,000 2026 Auburn, Washington Distribution center Tommy Bahama 335,000 2025 King of Prussia, Pennsylvania Sales/administration and distribution center Lilly Pulitzer 160,000 Owned Los Angeles, California Sales/administration Johnny Was 30,000 2032 Los Angeles, California Administration and distribution center Johnny Was 70,000 2025 Atlanta, Georgia Sales/administration Corporate/Other 30,000 2024 Lyons, Georgia Distribution center Various 420,000 Owned 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we are a party to litigation and regulatory actions arising in the ordinary course of business. These actions may relate to trademark and other intellectual property, employee relations matters, real estate, licensing arrangements, importing or exporting regulations, product safety requirements, taxation or other topics. We are not currently a party to any litigation or regulatory action or aware of any proceedings contemplated by governmental authorities that we believe could reasonably be expected to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, our assessment of any litigation or other legal claims could potentially change in light of the discovery of additional factors not presently known or determinations by judges, juries, or others which are not consistent with our evaluation of the possible liability or outcome of such litigation or claims. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market and Dividend Information Our common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol OXM. As of March 24, 2023, there were 262 record holders of our common stock. On March 21, 2023, our Board of Directors approved a cash dividend of 0.65 per share payable on April 28, 2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on April 14, 2023. Although we have paid dividends each quarter since we became a public company in July 1960, we may discontinue or modify dividend payments at any time if we determine that other uses of our capital, including payment of outstanding debt, funding of acquisitions, funding of capital expenditures or repurchases of outstanding shares, may be in our best interest; if our expectations of future cash flows and future cash needs outweigh the ability to pay a dividend; or if the terms of our credit facility, other debt instruments or applicable law limit our ability to pay dividends. We may borrow to fund dividends or repurchase shares in the short term subject to the terms and conditions of our credit facility, other debt instruments and applicable law. All cash flow from operations will not be paid out as dividends or repurchases of our common stock. For details about limitations on our ability to pay dividends, see the discussion of our 325 million Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement in Note 5 of our consolidated financial statements and Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both contained in this report. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities We did not sell any unregistered equity securities during Fiscal 2022. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers During the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2022, we repurchased the following shares of our common stock: 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Total Number of Dollar Value Shares (000s) of Shares Average Purchased as That May Yet be Total Number Price Part of Publicly Purchased Under of Shares Paid per Announced Plans the Plans or Fiscal Month Purchased Share or Programs Programs November (10/30/22 - 11/26/22) 40,132 103.27 40,132 50,726 December (11/27/22 - 12/31/22) 6,376 113.92 6,376 50,000 January (1/1/23 - 1/28/23) - - - 50,000 Total 46,508 104.73 46,508 50,000 As disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Third Quarter of Fiscal 2021, and in subsequent filings, on December 7, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized us to spend up to 150 million to repurchase shares of our stock. This authorization superseded and replaced all previous authorizations to repurchase shares of our stock and has no automatic expiration. Pursuant to the Board of Directors authorization, we entered into a 100 million open market stock repurchase program (Rule 10b5-1 plan) to acquire shares of our stock, under which we repurchased shares of our stock totaling: (1) 8 million in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2021, (2) 43 million in the First Quarter of Fiscal 2022, (3) 30 million in the Second Quarter of Fiscal 2022, (4) 14 million in the Third Quarter of Fiscal 2022 and (5) 5 million in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2022, which completed the purchases pursuant to the open market stock repurchase program. Over the life of the 100 million open market repurchase program we repurchased 1.1 million, or 6 , of our outstanding shares at the commencement of the program, for an average price of 90 per share. After considering the repurchases during Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022 as of January 28, 2023, there were no amounts remaining under the open market repurchase program and 50 million remaining under the Board of Directors authorization. Also, we have certain stock incentive plans as described in Note 8 of our consolidated financial statements included in this report, all of which are publicly announced plans. Under the plans, we can repurchase shares from employees to cover employee tax liabilities related to the vesting of shares of our stock. No shares were repurchased from employees during the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2022. Stock Price Performance Graph The graph below reflects cumulative total shareholder return (assuming an initial investment of 100 and the reinvestment of dividends) on our common stock compared to the cumulative total return for a period of five years, 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 beginning February 3, 2018 and ending January 28, 2023, of (1) The S P SmallCap 600 Index and (2) The S P 500 Apparel, Accessories and Luxury Goods. 

INDEXED RETURNS Base Period Years Ended Company / Index 2/3/18 2/2/19 2/1/20 1/30/21 1/29/22 1/28/23 Oxford Industries, Inc. 100 99.19 90.92 87.29 110.21 163.46 S P SmallCap 600 Index 100 100.35 107.00 131.80 142.77 142.43 S P 500 Apparel, Accessories Luxury Goods 100 93.20 85.87 83.98 82.72 60.32 Item 6. Reserved 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and capital resources compares Fiscal 2022 to Fiscal 2021 and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements contained in this report. The results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and capital resources for Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020 are not included in this report on Form 10-K. For a discussion of our results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and capital resources for Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020 and certain other financial information related to Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, refer to the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II. Item 7 of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022, which is available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and under the Investor Relations section of our website at www.oxfordinc.com. OVERVIEW Business Overview We are a leading branded apparel company that designs, sources, markets and distributes products bearing the trademarks of our portfolio of lifestyle brands: Tommy Bahama, Lilly Pulitzer, Johnny Was, Southern Tide, TBBC and Duck Head. Our business strategy is to develop and market compelling lifestyle brands and products that evoke a strong emotional response from our target consumers. We consider lifestyle brands to be those brands that have a clearly defined and targeted point of view inspired by an appealing lifestyle or attitude. Furthermore, we believe lifestyle brands that create an emotional connection can command greater loyalty and higher price points and create licensing opportunities. We believe the attraction of a lifestyle brand depends on creating compelling product, effectively communicating the respective lifestyle brand message and distributing products to consumers where and when they want them. We believe the principal competitive factors in the apparel industry are the reputation, value, and image of brand names; design of differentiated, innovative or otherwise compelling product; consumer preference; price; quality; marketing (including through rapidly shifting digital and social media vehicles); product fulfillment capabilities; and customer service. Our ability to compete successfully in the apparel industry is dependent on our proficiency in foreseeing changes and trends in fashion and consumer preference and presenting appealing products for consumers. Our design-led, commercially informed lifestyle brand operations strive to provide exciting, differentiated fashion products each season as well as certain core products that consumers expect from us. During Fiscal 2022, 80 of our consolidated net sales were through our direct to consumer channels of distribution, which consist of our brand specific full-price retail stores, e-commerce websites and outlets, as well as our Tommy Bahama food and beverage operations. The remaining 20 of our net sales was generated through our wholesale distribution channels, which complement our direct to consumer operations and provide access to a larger base of consumers. Our wholesale operations consist of sales of products bearing the trademarks of our lifestyle brands to various specialty stores, better department stores, Signature Stores, multi-branded e-commerce retailers and other retailers. For additional information about our business and each of our operating groups, see Part I, Item 1. Business included in this report. Important factors relating to certain risks which could impact our business are described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report. Industry Overview We operate in a highly competitive apparel market that continues to evolve rapidly with the expanding application of technology to fashion retail. No single apparel firm or small group of apparel firms dominates the apparel industry, and our competitors vary by operating group and distribution channel. The apparel industry is cyclical and very dependent on the overall level and focus of discretionary consumer spending, which changes as consumer preferences and regional, domestic and international economic conditions change. Also, in recent years consumers have chosen to 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 spend less of their discretionary spending on certain product categories, including apparel, while spending more on services and other product categories. Further, negative economic conditions often have a longer and more severe impact on the apparel industry than on other industries due, in part, to apparel purchases often being more of a discretionary purchase. This competitive and evolving environment requires that brands and retailers approach their operations, including marketing and advertising, very differently than they have historically and may result in increased operating costs and investments to generate growth or even maintain existing sales levels. While the competition and evolution present significant risks, especially for traditional retailers who fail or are unable to adapt, we believe it also presents a tremendous opportunity for brands and retailers to capitalize on the changing consumer environment. We believe our lifestyle brands have true competitive advantages, and we continue to invest in and leverage technology to serve our consumers when and where they want to be served. We continue to believe that our lifestyle brands, with their strong emotional connections with consumers, are well suited to succeed and thrive in the long term while managing the various challenges facing our industry. The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant effect on overall economic conditions and our operations in recent years and accelerated or exacerbated many of the changes in the industry. Further, negative economic conditions often have a longer and more severe impact on the apparel industry than on other industries due, in part, to apparel purchases often being more of a discretionary purchase. The current macroenvironment, with heightened concerns about inflation, a global economic recession, geopolitical issues, the stability of the U.S. banking system, the availability and cost of credit and continued increases in interest rates, is creating a complex and challenging retail environment, which may impact our businesses and exacerbate some of the inherent challenges to our operations. There remains significant uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, and the impact of these and other factors could have a major effect on our businesses. Johnny Was Acquisition On September 19, 2022, we acquired the Johnny Was California lifestyle brand and related operations, which includes the design, sourcing, marketing and distribution of collections of affordable luxury, artisan-inspired bohemian apparel, accessories and home goods. Johnny Was products are sold through the Johnny Was website and full-price retail stores and outlets as well as select department stores and specialty stores. The purchase price for the acquisition of Johnny Was totaled 270 million in cash, subject to adjustment based on net working capital as of the closing date of the acquisition. We used cash and short-term investments on hand and borrowings under our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement to finance the transaction. Refer to Note 12 of our consolidated financial statements included in this report for additional information about the acquisition of Johnny Was. In the 12 months ended on January 28, 2023, the Johnny Was business generated approximately 207 million of net sales. We anticipate that gross margins in the future for Johnny Was will be approximately 65 , as we do not anticipate any subsequent inventory step-up charges related to purchase accounting. We also anticipate Johnny Was earnings before interest and taxes will be in the high single digit percentage of net sales range, which includes 14 million of expected amortization of intangible assets in Fiscal 2023, or the mid teen percentage of net sales range absent the amortization of intangible assets. We expect that the business will continue to grow as each channel of distribution grows. During the 12 months ended on January 28, 2023, e-commerce, retail and wholesale represented 40 , 35 and 25 , respectively, of the net sales of Johnny Was. The financial information included in the results of operations discussion below for Fiscal 2022, includes the 19 weeks from the September 19, 2022 acquisition date through January 28, 2023 only. Therefore, the amounts included in the results of operations below are not indicative of results for a full fiscal year. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Share Repurchase Program As disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Third Quarter of Fiscal 2021, and in subsequent filings, on December 7, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized us to spend up to 150 million to repurchase shares of our stock. This authorization superseded and replaced all previous authorizations to repurchase shares of our stock and has no automatic expiration. Pursuant to the Board of Directors authorization, we entered into a 100 million open market stock repurchase program (Rule 10b5-1 plan) to acquire shares of our stock, under which we repurchased shares of our stock totaling: (1) 8 million in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2021, (2) 43 million in the First Quarter of Fiscal 2022, (3) 30 million in the Second Quarter of Fiscal 2022, (4) 14 million in the Third Quarter of Fiscal 2022, and (5) 5 million in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2022, which completed the purchases pursuant to the open market stock repurchase program. Over the life of the 100 million open market repurchase program we repurchased 1.1 million, or 6 , of our outstanding shares at the commencement of the program for an average price of 90 per share. After considering the repurchases during Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022 as of January 28, 2023, there were no amounts remaining under the open market repurchase program and 50 million remaining under the Board of Directors authorization. Lanier Apparel Exit In Fiscal 2021, we exited our Lanier Apparel business, which had been focused on moderately priced tailored clothing and related products. This decision aligns with our stated business strategy of developing and marketing compelling lifestyle brands. It also took into consideration the increased macroeconomic challenges faced by the Lanier Apparel business, many of which were magnified by the COVID-19 pandemic. The operating results of the Lanier Apparel business in Fiscal 2021 largely consisted of activities associated with the wind down of operations following our Fiscal 2020 decision to exit the business. Refer to Note 11 and Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements included in this report for additional information about the Lanier Apparel exit and Fiscal 2021 operating results. Key Operating Results The following table sets forth our consolidated operating results (in thousands, except per share amounts) for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021: 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Net sales 1,411,528 1,142,079 Operating income 218,774 165,503 Net earnings 165,735 131,321 Net earnings per diluted share 10.19 7.78 Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 16,259 16,869 Net earnings per diluted share were 10.19 in Fiscal 2022 compared to 7.78 in Fiscal 2021. The 31 increase in net earnings per diluted share was primarily due to a 26 increase in net earnings as well as a 4 reduction in weighted average shares outstanding due to our share repurchase program which commenced in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2021 and was completed in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2022. The increased net earnings was primarily due to higher net sales and gross margin, partially offset by increased SG A, a decrease in royalties and other income, a higher effective tax rate and increased interest expense. The increased net earnings include higher operating income in both Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer partially offset by a reduction in operating income in Lanier Apparel, a larger operating loss in Corporate and Other, the operating loss of Johnny Was and lower operating income in Emerging Brands. Each of these changes are discussed further below. During Fiscal 2022 we generated 126 million of cash flows from operations, which exceeded our cash used for capital expenditures and dividends. With our long history of strong positive cash flows from operations exceeding cash requirements for capital expenditures and dividends and our strong balance sheet, we believe our anticipated future cash flows from operations will provide sufficient cash over both the short and the long term to satisfy our ongoing operating cash requirements, ample funds to continue to invest in our lifestyle brands, direct to consumer initiatives and 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 information technology projects, additional cash flow to repay outstanding debt and sufficient cash for other strategic initiatives. OPERATING GROUPS We identify our operating groups based on the way our management organizes the components of our business for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. Our operating group structure reflects a brand-focused management approach, emphasizing operational coordination and resource allocation across each brand s direct to consumer, wholesale and licensing operations, as applicable. With our acquisition of Johnny Was on September 19, 2022, our business is organized as our Tommy Bahama, Lilly Pulitzer, Johnny Was and Emerging Brands operating groups. Operating results for periods prior to Fiscal 2022 also include the Lanier Apparel operating group, which we exited in Fiscal 2021. For a more extensive description of our reportable operating groups and Corporate and Other, see Part I, Item 1. Business and Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements, both included in this report. COMPARABLE SALES We often disclose comparable sales in order to provide additional information regarding changes in our results of operations between periods. Our disclosures of comparable sales include net sales from our full-price retail stores and e-commerce sites, excluding sales associated with e-commerce flash clearance sales. We believe that the inclusion of both full-price retail stores and e-commerce sites in the comparable sales disclosures is a more meaningful way of reporting our comparable sales results, given similar inventory planning, allocation and return policies, as well as our cross-channel marketing and other initiatives for the direct to consumer channels. For our comparable sales disclosures, we exclude (1) outlet store sales and e-commerce flash clearance sales, as those clearance sales are used primarily to liquidate end of season inventory, which may vary significantly depending on the level of end of season inventory on hand and generally occur at lower gross margins than our non-clearance direct to consumer sales, and (2) food and beverage sales, as we do not currently believe that the inclusion of food and beverage sales in our comparable sales disclosures is meaningful in assessing our branded apparel businesses. Comparable sales information reflects net sales, including shipping and handling revenues, if any, associated with product sales. For purposes of our disclosures, comparable sales consists of sales through e-commerce sites and any physical full-price retail store that was owned and open as of the beginning of the prior fiscal year and which did not have during the relevant periods, and is not within the current fiscal year scheduled to have, (1) a remodel or other event which would result in a closure for an extended period of time (which we define as a period of two weeks or longer), (2) a greater than 15 change in the size of the retail space due to expansion, reduction or relocation to a new retail space or (3) a relocation to a new space that is significantly different from the prior retail space. For those stores which are excluded based on the preceding sentence, the stores continue to be excluded from comparable sales until the criteria for a new store is met subsequent to the remodel, relocation, or other event. A full-price retail store that is remodeled will generally continue to be included in our comparable sales metrics as a store is not typically closed for longer than a two-week period during a remodel; however, a full-price retail store that is relocated generally will not be included in our comparable sales metrics until that store has been open in the relocated space for the entirety of the prior fiscal year because the size or other characteristics of the store typically change significantly from the prior location. Any stores that were closed during the prior fiscal year or current fiscal year, or which we expect to close or vacate in the current fiscal year, as well as any pop-up or temporary store locations, are excluded from our comparable sales metrics. Definitions and calculations of comparable sales differ among retail companies, and therefore comparable sales metrics disclosed by us may not be comparable to the metrics disclosed by other companies. DIRECT TO CONSUMER LOCATIONS The table below provides information about the number of direct to consumer locations for our brands as of the dates specified. For acquired businesses, locations are only included subsequent to the date of acquisition. The amounts below include our permanent locations and exclude any pop-up or temporary store locations which have an initial lease term of 12 months or less. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

January 28, January 29, January 30, February 2, 2023 2022 2021 2020 Tommy Bahama full-price retail stores 103 102 105 111 Tommy Bahama retail-food beverage locations 21 21 20 16 Tommy Bahama outlets 33 35 35 35 Total Tommy Bahama locations 157 158 160 162 Lilly Pulitzer full-price retail stores 59 58 59 61 Johnny Was full-price retail stores 65 Johnny Was outlets 2 Total Johnny Was locations 67 Southern Tide full-price retail stores 6 4 3 1 TBBC full-price retail stores 3 1 Total Oxford direct to consumer locations 292 221 222 224 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following table sets forth the specified line items in our consolidated statements of operations both in dollars (in thousands) and as a percentage of net sales. We have calculated all percentages based on actual data, but percentage columns may not add due to rounding. 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Net sales 1,411,528 100.0 1,142,079 100.0 748,833 100.0 Cost of goods sold 522,673 37.0 435,861 38.2 333,626 44.6 Gross profit 888,855 63.0 706,218 61.8 415,207 55.4 SG A 692,004 49.0 573,636 50.2 492,628 65.8 Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 60,452 8.1 Royalties and other operating income 21,923 1.6 32,921 2.9 14,024 1.9 Operating income (loss) 218,774 15.5 165,503 14.5 (123,849) (16.5) Interest expense, net 3,049 0.2 944 0.1 2,028 0.3 Earnings (loss) before income taxes 215,725 15.3 164,559 14.4 (125,877) (16.8) Income taxes (benefit) 49,990 3.5 33,238 2.9 (30,185) (4.0) Net earnings (loss) 165,735 11.7 131,321 11.5 (95,692) (12.8) Net earnings (loss) per share 10.19 7.78 (5.77) Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 16,259 16,869 16,576 The following table presents the proportion of our consolidated net sales, including any net sales of Johnny Was and Lanier Apparel, by distribution channel for each period presented. We have calculated all percentages below on actual data, and percentages may not add to 100 due to rounding. 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Retail 39 39 27 E-commerce 33 32 43 Food beverage 8 8 6 Wholesale 20 20 23 Total 100 100 100 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 FISCAL 2022 COMPARED TO FISCAL 2021 The discussion and tables below compare certain line items included in our consolidated statements of operations for Fiscal 2022 to Fiscal 2021, except where indicated otherwise. Each dollar and share amount included in the tables is in thousands except for per share amounts. We have calculated all percentages based on actual data, and percentage columns in tables may not add due to rounding. Individual line items of our consolidated statements of operations, including gross profit, may not be directly comparable to those of our competitors, as classification of certain expenses may vary by company. Net Sales 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change Tommy Bahama 880,233 724,305 155,928 21.5 Lilly Pulitzer 339,266 298,995 40,271 13.5 Johnny Was 72,591 72,591 100.0 Emerging Brands 116,484 90,053 26,431 29.4 Lanier Apparel 24,858 (24,858) (100.0) Corporate and Other 2,954 3,868 (914) (23.6) Consolidated net sales 1,411,528 1,142,079 269,449 23.6 Consolidated net sales were 1.4 billion in Fiscal 2022 compared to net sales of 1.1 billion in Fiscal 2021. The 24 increase in net sales included double-digit percentage increases in each of our Tommy Bahama, Lilly Pulitzer, and Emerging Brands operating groups as well as 73 million of sales for Johnny Was, which we acquired during the Third Quarter of Fiscal 2022. These increases were partially offset by a 25 million decrease in sales for Lanier Apparel, which we exited in Fiscal 2021. In Fiscal 2021, and particularly in the First Quarter of Fiscal 2021, consumer traffic and our operations had only partially rebounded from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic as we still had certain store closures and operating restrictions in certain regions, wholesale customer demand was still soft and most of the consumer traffic improvement occurred after the First Quarter of Fiscal 2021. The higher net sales in Fiscal 2022 were due to a combination of increased volume as well as price increases, which were implemented during Fiscal 2022 in order to mitigate increased product and other costs. The increase in net sales by distribution channel consisted of the following: an increase in full-price retail store sales of 101 million, or 26 , including (1) a 20 aggregate increase in full-price retail store sales in Tommy Bahama, Lilly Pulitzer and Emerging Brands driven primarily by increased consumer traffic and average dollars per transaction partially offset by lower conversion rates, and (2) 26 million of full-price retail store sales in Johnny Was; an increase in full-price e-commerce sales of 75 million, or 22 , including (1) a 13 aggregate increase in e-commerce sales in Tommy Bahama, Lilly Pulitzer and Emerging Brands and (2) 31 million of full-price e-commerce sales in Johnny Was; an increase in wholesale sales of 50 million, or 22 , with this increase primarily due to (1) higher order books as wholesale accounts bought more inventory in Tommy Bahama, Lilly Pulitzer and Emerging Brands for Fiscal 2022 compared to Fiscal 2021 and (2) 16 million of wholesale sales for Johnny Was offset by a reduction of 25 million of wholesale sales for Lanier Apparel, with no Lanier Apparel sales in Fiscal 2022; an increase in e-commerce flash clearance sales of 22 million, or 68 ; an increase in food and beverage sales of 13 million, or 14 ; and an increase in outlet sales of 9 million, or 16 , including 1 million of outlet sales in Johnny Was. 

 50 

Table of Contents 
 Tommy Bahama: Tommy Bahama net sales increased 156 million, or 22 , in Fiscal 2022, with an increase in each channel of distribution. The increase in net sales in Tommy Bahama included increases in (1) full-price retail store sales of 62 million, or 22 , (2) wholesale sales of 43 million, or 41 , with higher full-price and off-price sales, (3) e-commerce sales of 30 million, or 16 , (4) food and beverage sales of 13 million, or 14 , with low double-digit percentage increases in locations open the full year in both periods as well as increased sales at the New York and Palm Desert locations, which were not open the full year in Fiscal 2021, and (5) outlet sales of 8 million, or 14 . The following table presents the proportion of net sales by distribution channel for Tommy Bahama for each period presented: 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Retail 46 47 E-commerce 24 25 Food beverage 13 13 Wholesale 17 15 Total 100 100 Lilly Pulitzer: Lilly Pulitzer net sales increased 40 million, or 14 , in Fiscal 2022, with an increase in the e-commerce flash, retail store and wholesale sales channels. The increase in net sales in Lilly Pulitzer included increases in (1) e-commerce flash clearance sales of 22 million, or 68 , as Lilly Pulitzer had increased levels of inventory available for the e-commerce flash clearance sales in Fiscal 2022 after having more limited end of season inventory in Fiscal 2021, (2) full-price retail store sales of 11 million, or 11 , and (3) wholesale sales of 8 million, or 16 , with higher full-price sales and lower off-price sales. Full-price e-commerce sales were generally consistent with the prior year amounts. The following table presents the proportion of net sales by distribution channel for Lilly Pulitzer for each period presented: 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Retail 33 34 E-commerce 51 50 Wholesale 16 16 Total 100 100 Johnny Was: Johnny Was net sales were 73 million in the 19 weeks from September 19, 2022 through the end of the fiscal year. As the net sales are for a period of less than a full year, the net sales and percentage of net sales by distribution channel are not necessarily indicative of the net sales or proportion of net sales that are typical for a full year. The following table presents the proportion of net sales by distribution channel for Johnny Was for the 19 week period ended January 28, 2023: 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Retail 36 E-commerce 42 Wholesale 22 Total 100 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 During the 12 months ended on January 28, 2023, retail, e-commerce and wholesale represented 35 , 40 and 25 , respectively, of the net sales of Johnny Was. Emerging Brands: Emerging Brands net sales increased 26 million, or 29 , in Fiscal 2022, with an increase in each of the TBBC, Southern Tide and Duck Head businesses comprising Emerging Brands. By brand, the increase in net sales included increases in (1) TBBC of 15 million, or 49 , to 45 million, (2) Southern Tide of 9 million, or 16 , to 63 million, and (3) Duck Head of 3 million, or 50 , to 9 million. By distribution channel, the 26 million increase included increases of (1) 14 million, or 39 , in e-commerce, (2) 10 million, or 20 , in wholesale, and (3) 2 million, or 60 , in the Southern Tide and TBBC retail businesses, as those brands continue to open new full-price retail locations. The following table presents the proportion of net sales by distribution channel for Emerging Brands for each period presented: 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Retail 6 5 E-commerce 42 39 Wholesale 52 56 Total 100 100 Lanier Apparel: There were no Lanier Apparel net sales in Fiscal 2022, compared to 25 million of net sales in Fiscal 2021. Corporate and Other: Corporate and Other net sales primarily consist of net sales to third parties for our Lyons, Georgia distribution center operations as well as net sales of our Oxford America business, which we exited in Fiscal 2022. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to lower sales in Oxford America. Gross Profit The tables below present gross profit by operating group and in total for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, as well as the change between those two periods and gross margin by operating group and in total. Our gross profit and gross margin, which is calculated as gross profit divided by net sales, may not be directly comparable to those of our competitors, as the statement of operations classification of certain expenses may vary by company. 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change Tommy Bahama 567,557 459,575 107,982 23.5 Lilly Pulitzer 225,028 201,145 23,883 11.9 Johnny Was 44,765 44,765 100.0 Emerging Brands 53,012 47,667 5,345 11.2 Lanier Apparel 12,256 (12,256) (100.0) Corporate and Other (1,507) (14,425) 12,918 NM Consolidated gross profit 888,855 706,218 182,637 25.9 Notable items included in amounts above: LIFO adjustments in Corporate and Other 2,667 15,870 Inventory step-up charge included in Johnny Was 4,230 Reduction of Lanier Apparel exit charges in cost of goods sold (2,826) 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Tommy Bahama 64.5 63.5 Lilly Pulitzer 66.3 67.3 Johnny Was 61.7 Emerging Brands 45.5 52.9 Lanier Apparel 49.3 Corporate and Other NM NM Consolidated gross margin 63.0 61.8 The increased gross profit of 26 was primarily due to the 24 increase in net sales as well as increased consolidated gross margin. The higher gross margin in Fiscal 2022 included the benefit of (1) a 13 million lower LIFO accounting charge in Fiscal 2022 compared to Fiscal 2021 as discussed below, (2) lower incremental freight costs of 7 million as compared to Fiscal 2021 after incurring approximately 160 basis points of incremental freight in Fiscal 2021, but still 60 basis points of incremental freight in Fiscal 2022 as compared to pre-pandemic levels, (3) a change in sales mix with the exit of the lower gross margin Lanier Apparel business and addition of the higher gross margin Johnny Was business, and (4) improved initial product margins, as certain sales prices were increased more than the increased product costs. These items were partially offset by (1) the impact of the Lilly Pulitzer e-commerce flash sale, which represented a larger proportion of net sales and had lower gross margins in Fiscal 2022, (2) increased inventory markdowns in the Emerging Brands businesses, (3) the 4 million inventory step up charge related to the Johnny Was acquisition in Fiscal 2022, and (4) the absence of a favorable adjustment of Lanier Apparel exit charges in cost of goods sold after recognizing a 3 million favorable adjustment of Lanier Apparel exit charges in cost of goods sold in Fiscal 2021. During Fiscal 2022, LIFO accounting had a 3 million unfavorable impact on gross profit, primarily due to an 8 million increase in the LIFO reserve in Fiscal 2022, which was partially offset by a 5 million increase in inventory markdowns, which are generally reversed in Corporate and Other as part of LIFO accounting. The inventory markdowns in Fiscal 2022 primarily related to the Emerging Brands business. During Fiscal 2021, LIFO accounting had a 16 million unfavorable impact on gross profit, primarily due to (1) a 9 million charge resulting from a reduction in inventory markdown reserves related to the sale of inventory marked down in prior years as well as a reduction of the Lanier Apparel inventory markdown reserves and (2) a 7 million increase in the LIFO reserve in Fiscal 2021. In the Third Quarter and Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2021, freight costs increased significantly from prior periods, including rate increases for both ocean and air shipments as well as the increased utilization of air freight on inbound products as we navigated our need for inventory and the supply chain challenges. The increased inbound freight rates and utilization of air freight moderated in Fiscal 2022 and returned closer to pre-pandemic levels in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2022 due to the easing of pricing pressures and a more accelerated timeline we implemented for inventory purchases to reduce the risk of late delivery of our products. Tommy Bahama: The higher gross margin for Tommy Bahama was primarily due to reduced freight costs in Fiscal 2022, after significantly higher freight costs were incurred in the Third and Fourth Quarters of Fiscal 2021, as well as improved initial product margins. These items were partially offset by a change in sales mix with wholesale sales representing a higher proportion of net sales. Lilly Pulitzer: The lower gross margin for Lilly Pulitzer was primarily due to (1) a change in sales mix with e-commerce flash clearance sales, which typically have gross margins in the low 40 range, representing a larger proportion of net sales and (2) lower gross margins on the e-commerce flash clearance sales, as the gross margin achieved in Fiscal 2021 was higher than typical e-commerce flash clearance sales gross margins due to less end of season inventory available in Fiscal 2021. The impact of the e-commerce flash clearance sales was partially offset by (1) reduced freight costs, (2) improved initial product margins and (3) better gross margin on wholesale off-price sales. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Johnny Was: The Johnny Was gross profit and gross margin for the 19 weeks from September 19, 2022 through the end of the fiscal year was unfavorably impacted by 4 million of incremental cost of goods sold resulting from the charge related to the step up of inventory to fair value at acquisition. Thus, we do not believe the gross profit or gross margin in the 19 week period is indicative of the gross profit or gross margin for the full year of Fiscal 2022 or any other fiscal period for Johnny Was. On a going forward basis, Johnny Was gross margins are expected to be approximately 65 . Emerging Brands: The lower gross margin for Emerging Brands was primarily due to more inventory markdowns and increased freight costs partially offset by a change in sales mix with direct to consumer sales representing a greater proportion of net sales. Lanier Apparel: There was no gross profit for Lanier Apparel in Fiscal 2022. Fiscal 2021 for Lanier Apparel included the gross profit impact of net sales as we were exiting the business, as well as the favorable impact of a reduction in inventory markdowns associated with the Lanier Apparel exit. Corporate and Other: The gross profit in Corporate and Other primarily includes the impact of LIFO accounting adjustments, the sales of the Lyons, Georgia distribution center operations to third parties and the sales of the Oxford America business. The primary driver for the improved gross profit was the 13 million lower LIFO accounting charge. The LIFO accounting impact in Corporate and Other in each period includes the net impact of (1) a charge in Corporate and Other when inventory that had been marked down in an operating group in a prior period was ultimately sold, (2) a credit in Corporate and Other when inventory had been marked down in an operating group in the current period, but had not been sold as of period end and (3) the change in the LIFO reserve. SG A 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change SG A 692,004 573,636 118,368 20.6 SG A (as a of net sales) 49.0 50.2 Notable items included in amounts above: Tommy Bahama lease termination charge 4,850 Amortization of Johnny Was intangible assets 5,194 TBBC change in fair value of contingent consideration 1,188 Lanier Apparel exit charges in SG A 3,788 Transaction expenses and integration costs associated with the Johnny Was acquisition included in Corporate and Other 2,783 SG A was 692 million in Fiscal 2022 compared to SG A of 574 million in Fiscal 2021. The increase includes the net impact of approximately 46 million of SG A associated with Johnny Was, including 5 million of amortization of intangible assets, in Fiscal 2022, and 10 million of SG A associated with Lanier Apparel, including 4 million of Lanier Apparel exit charges, in Fiscal 2021. These amounts for Johnny Was and Lanier Apparel are included in the changes in each category noted in the following paragraph, as applicable. The 21 increase in SG A in Fiscal 2022 included (1) increased employment costs of 54 million, including increases in retail store, food and beverage and distribution center operations and other functions, as well as higher stock compensation, employee benefits and bonus amounts, (2) a 22 million increase in advertising expense, (3) an 18 million increase in variable expenses related to higher sales, including credit card transaction fees, supplies, 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 commissions, royalties and other expenses, (4) a 12 million increase in occupancy expenses, including increases in percentage rent, occupancy related operating costs and base rent, (5) a 5 million increase in amortization of intangible assets expense, due to the amortization associated with Johnny Was, (6) 3 million of higher travel expenses, (7) 3 million of charges related to transaction expenses and integration costs associated with the Johnny Was acquisition, (8) a 3 million increase in administrative expenses including professional fees and other items, and (9) a 2 million increase in depreciation expense. These items were partially offset by the absence of 5 million of Tommy Bahama lease termination charges and 1 million of TBBC change in fair value of contingent consideration incurred in Fiscal 2021. Royalties and other operating income 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change Royalties and other operating income 21,923 32,921 (10,998) (33.4) Notable items included in amounts above: Gain on sale of Lanier Apparel distribution center (2,669) Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated entity (11,586) Royalties and other operating income typically consist of royalty income received from third parties from the licensing of our brands, but Fiscal 2021 also included a 12 million gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated entity and a 3 million gain on the sale of the Lanier Apparel distribution center in Toccoa, Georgia. Royalty income in Fiscal 2022 increased by 4 million primarily due to increased royalty income in both Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer. Operating income 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change Tommy Bahama 172,761 111,733 61,028 54.6 Lilly Pulitzer 67,098 63,601 3,497 5.5 Johnny Was (1,544) (1,544) 100.0 Emerging Brands 15,602 16,649 (1,047) (6.3) Lanier Apparel 4,888 (4,888) (100.0) Corporate and Other (35,143) (31,368) (3,775) NM Consolidated operating income 218,774 165,503 53,271 32.2 Notable items included in amounts above: LIFO adjustments in Corporate and Other 2,667 15,870 Inventory step-up charge included in Johnny Was 4,230 Reduction of Lanier Apparel exit charges in cost of goods sold (2,826) Tommy Bahama lease termination charge 4,850 Amortization of Johnny Was intangible assets 5,194 TBBC change in fair value of contingent consideration 1,188 Lanier Apparel exit charges in SG A 3,788 Gain on sale of Lanier Apparel distribution center (2,669) Transaction expenses and integration costs associated with the Johnny Was acquisition included in Corporate and Other 2,783 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated entity (11,586) Operating income was 219 million in Fiscal 2022 compared to 166 million in Fiscal 2021. The increased operating income was primarily due to higher net sales and gross margin offset by increased SG A and lower royalties and other operating income. By operating group, the increased operating income was due to higher operating income in Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer partially offset by lower operating income (loss) in our other operating groups as well as Corporate and Other. Changes in operating income (loss) by operating group are discussed below. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Tommy Bahama: 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change Net sales 880,233 724,305 155,928 21.5 Gross profit 567,557 459,575 107,982 23.5 Gross margin 64.5 63.5 Operating income 172,761 111,733 61,028 54.6 Operating income as of net sales 19.6 15.4 Notable items included in amounts above: Tommy Bahama lease termination charge 4,850 The increased operating income for Tommy Bahama was primarily due to higher sales, gross margin and royalty income partially offset by increased SG A. The increased SG A was primarily due to (1) 32 million of increased employment costs, including increases in retail store and food and beverage operations and other functions, as well as higher incentive compensation amounts, (2) 9 million of increased variable expenses related to higher sales, including credit card transaction fees, supplies, commissions, royalties and other expenses, (3) a 5 million increase in advertising expense, (4) a 4 million increase in occupancy expenses including increases in percentage rent, occupancy related operating costs and base rent, (5) a 4 million increase in administrative expenses including professional fees, foreign currency expense and other items, and (6) 1 million higher travel expenses. These SG A increases were partially offset by (1) the absence of 5 million of Tommy Bahama lease termination charges in Fiscal 2022 and (2) a 2 million reduction in depreciation expense. Lilly Pulitzer: 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change Net sales 339,266 298,995 40,271 13.5 Gross profit 225,028 201,145 23,883 11.9 Gross margin 66.3 67.3 Operating income 67,098 63,601 3,497 5.5 Operating income as of net sales 19.8 21.3 The increased operating income for Lilly Pulitzer was primarily due to higher sales and royalty income partially offset by increased SG A and lower gross margin. The increased SG A was primarily due to (1) 7 million of increased advertising expense, (2) 6 million of increased employment costs, with increased headcount, salaries and wages partially offset by lower incentive compensation amounts, (3) 4 million of increased variable expenses related to higher net sales including credit card transaction fees, supplies and other expenses, (4) 1 million of higher depreciation expense, (5) 1 million of increased occupancy expenses and (6) 1 million of higher travel expenses. Johnny Was: 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change Net sales 72,591 72,591 100.0 Gross profit 44,765 44,765 100.0 Gross margin 61.7 Operating loss (1,544) (1,544) 100.0 Operating loss as of net sales (2.1) Notable items included in amounts above: Inventory step-up charge included in Johnny Was 4,230 Amortization of Johnny Was intangible assets 5,194 The Johnny Was operating loss in the 19 weeks from September 19, 2022 through the end of the fiscal year included 4 million of inventory step-up charges as well as 5 million of amortization of intangible assets, which 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 negatively impacted the operating results of Johnny Was. As the operating results for Johnny Was are for only 19 weeks and include the non-recurring impact of the inventory step-up charges in Fiscal 2022, the operating results for this period are not indicative of the Johnny Was operating results for the full year of Fiscal 2022 or future periods. Emerging Brands: 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change Net sales 116,484 90,053 26,431 29.4 Gross profit 53,012 47,667 5,345 11.2 Gross margin 45.5 52.9 Operating income 15,602 16,649 (1,047) (6.3) Operating income as of net sales 13.4 18.5 Notable items included in amounts above: TBBC change in fair value of contingent consideration 1,188 The lower operating income for Emerging Brands was primarily due to lower gross margin and higher SG A partially offset by higher net sales. The increased SG A included (1) higher SG A associated with the Southern Tide and TBBC full-price retail store operations expansion, including related employment, occupancy and other retail operating costs, (2) increased variable expenses resulting from increased sales, (3) higher advertising expense and (4) increased administrative expenses associated with the growing Emerging Brands businesses. These increases in SG A were partially offset by the absence of a TBBC change in fair value of contingent consideration in Fiscal 2022 after incurring a 1 million charge for TBBC change in fair value of contingent consideration in Fiscal 2021 and lower incentive compensation amounts in Fiscal 2022. Lanier Apparel: 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change Net sales 24,858 (24,858) (100.0) Gross profit 12,256 (12,256) (100.0) Gross margin 49.3 Operating income 4,888 (4,888) (100.0) Operating income as of net sales 19.7 Notable items included in amounts above: Reduction of Lanier Apparel exit charges in cost of goods sold (2,826) Lanier Apparel exit charges in SG A 3,788 Gain on sale of Lanier Apparel distribution center (2,669) There was no operating income for Lanier Apparel in Fiscal 2022. Fiscal 2021 for Lanier Apparel included the operating income resulting from the net sales, cost of goods sold and SG A as we were exiting the Lanier Apparel business, as well as a 3 million gain on sale of the Lanier Apparel distribution center and the net charge related to Lanier Apparel exit charges of 1 million. The Lanier Apparel exit charges are discussed in Note 11 of our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Corporate and Other: 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change Net sales 2,954 3,868 (914) (23.6) Gross profit (1,507) (14,425) 12,918 NM Operating loss (35,143) (31,368) (3,775) NM Notable items included in amounts above: LIFO adjustments in Corporate and Other 2,667 15,870 Transaction expenses and integration costs associated with the Johnny Was acquisition 2,783 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated entity (11,586) The lower operating results in Corporate and Other were primarily due to (1) Fiscal 2021 including a 12 million gain on sale of an investment in an unconsolidated entity, with no such gain in Fiscal 2022, (2) 3 million of transaction expenses and integration costs associated with the Johnny Was acquisition and (3) increased SG A of 3 million, including increased employment costs, insurance costs and other operating expenses. The impact of these items was partially offset by a 13 million favorable impact of LIFO accounting as well as a 2 million reduction in estimated provisions for preference payment exposure. Interest expense, net 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change Interest expense, net 3,049 944 2,105 223.0 The higher interest expense in Fiscal 2022 was primarily due to borrowings pursuant to our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement to fund a portion of the September 2022 acquisition of Johnny Was. There was no debt outstanding in Fiscal 2021, with interest expense primarily consisting of unused line fees and amortization of deferred financing fees. During Fiscal 2023, we expect interest expense to be between 5 million and 6 million, with about half of that interest expense in the first quarter. We expect to significantly reduce debt levels after the first quarter of Fiscal 2023. Income taxes 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change Income tax expense 49,990 33,238 16,752 50.4 Effective tax rate 23.2 20.2 Both Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 benefitted from the net favorable impact of certain items that resulted in a lower tax rate than the more typical annual effective tax rate of between 25 and 26 . Thus, the effective tax rates for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 are not indicative of the effective tax rate expected in future periods. Refer to Note 10 of our consolidated financial statements included in this report for our income tax rate reconciliation and other information about our income tax expense for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021. The income tax expense in Fiscal 2022 included the benefit of the reversal of 2 million of valuation allowances associated with net operating loss carry-forward amounts, the utilization of net operating loss carry-forward amounts to offset current year income in certain jurisdictions, a favorable provision to return adjustment and the impact of the vesting of employee stock awards. These favorable items were partially offset by various unfavorable items related to non-deductible amounts associated with executive compensation, changes in the fair value of life insurance policies associated with our deferred compensation plans and other items, which were more significant in Fiscal 2022 than Fiscal 2021. The income tax expense in Fiscal 2021 included the utilization of benefits associated with certain capital losses to substantially offset the gain recognized on the sale of an investment in an unconsolidated entity, the benefit of a 2 million net reduction in uncertain tax positions resulting from the settlement of those uncertain tax position amounts, the 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forward amounts to offset current year income in certain jurisdictions, a favorable provision to return adjustment and the impact of the vesting of employee stock awards. These favorable items were partially offset by various unfavorable items related to non-deductible amounts associated with executive compensation and other items. We expect our annual effective tax rate for Fiscal 2023 to be between 25 and 26 before any discrete income tax items that may be recognized in Fiscal 2023 as a result of restricted share units vesting in July 2023, or otherwise. Net earnings 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Net sales 1,411,528 1,142,079 Operating income 218,774 165,503 Net earnings 165,735 131,321 Net earnings per diluted share 10.19 7.78 Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 16,259 16,869 Net earnings per diluted share were 10.19 in Fiscal 2022 compared to 7.78 in Fiscal 2021. The 31 increase in net earnings per diluted share was primarily due to a 26 increase in net earnings as well as a 4 reduction in weighted average shares outstanding due to our share repurchase program which commenced in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2021 and was completed in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2022. The increased net earnings was primarily due to higher net sales and gross margin, partially offset by increased SG A, a decrease in royalties and other income, a higher effective tax rate and increased interest expense. The increased net earnings include higher operating income in both Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer partially offset by a reduction in operating income in Lanier Apparel, a larger operating loss in Corporate and Other, the operating loss of Johnny Was and lower operating income in Emerging Brands. FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our primary source of revenue and cash flow is through our design, sourcing, marketing and distribution of branded apparel products bearing the trademarks of our Tommy Bahama, Lilly Pulitzer, Johnny Was, Southern Tide, TBBC and Duck Head lifestyle brands. We primarily distribute our products to our customers via direct to consumer channels of distribution, but we also distribute our products via wholesale channels of distribution. Our primary uses of cash flow include the purchase of our branded apparel products from third party suppliers located outside of the United States, as well as operating expenses, including employee compensation and benefits, operating lease commitments and other occupancy-related costs, marketing and advertising costs, information technology costs, variable expenses, distribution costs, other general and administrative expenses and the periodic payment of interest. Additionally, we use our cash to fund capital expenditures and other investing activities, dividends, share repurchases and repayment of indebtedness, if any. In the ordinary course of business, we maintain certain levels of inventory, extend credit to our wholesale customers and pay our operating expenses. Thus, we require a certain amount of ongoing working capital to operate our business. Our need for working capital is typically seasonal with the greatest working capital requirements to support our larger spring, summer and holiday direct to consumer seasons. Our capital needs depend on many factors including the results of our operations and cash flows, future growth rates, the need to finance inventory levels and the success of our various products. We have a long history of generating sufficient cash flows from operations to satisfy our cash requirements for our ongoing capital expenditure needs as well as payment of dividends and repayment of our debt. Thus, we believe our anticipated future cash flows from operating activities will provide (1) sufficient cash over both the short and long term to satisfy our ongoing operating cash requirements, (2) ample funds to continue to invest in our lifestyle brands, direct to consumer initiatives and information technology projects, (3) additional cash flow to repay outstanding debt and (4) sufficient cash for other strategic initiatives. Also, if cash inflows are less than cash outflows, we have access to amounts under our 325 million Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement ), subject to its terms, which is described below. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Working Capital 

January 28, January 29, in thousands) 2023 2022 Change Change Total current assets 330,463 400,335 (69,872) (17.5) Total current liabilities 269,639 226,166 43,473 19.2 Working capital 60,824 174,169 (113,345) (65.1) Working capital ratio 1.23 1.77 Our working capital ratio is calculated by dividing total current assets by total current liabilities. Current assets as of January 28, 2023 decreased from January 29, 2022 primarily due to the decrease in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, which was used to fund a portion of the Johnny Was acquisition purchase price, partially offset by increased inventories, receivables and prepaid expenses and other current assets, including the assets related to Johnny Was. Current liabilities as of January 28, 2023 increased from January 29, 2022 primarily due to the current liabilities associated with Johnny Was as well as increased current liabilities associated with our other businesses. Changes in current assets and current liabilities are discussed below. Balance Sheet The following tables set forth certain information included in our consolidated balance sheets (in thousands). Below each table are explanations for any significant changes in the balances as of January 28, 2023 as compared to January 29, 2022. Current Assets: 

January 28, January 29, 2023 2022 Change Change Cash and cash equivalents 8,826 44,859 (36,033) (80.3) Short-term investments 164,890 (164,890) 100.0 Receivables, net 43,986 31,588 12,398 39.2 Inventories, net 220,138 117,709 102,429 87.0 Income tax receivable 19,440 19,728 (288) (1.5) Prepaid expenses and other current assets 38,073 21,561 16,512 76.6 Total current assets 330,463 400,335 (69,872) (17.5) Cash and cash equivalents were 9 million as of January 28, 2023, compared to 45 million as of January 29, 2022. There were no short-term investments as of January 28, 2023, compared to 165 million as of January 29, 2022. The decrease in both cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments from January 29, 2022 was primarily due to the use of cash and short-term investments to fund a portion of the Johnny Was acquisition purchase price, with the remainder funded via borrowings pursuant to our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement. The increased receivables, net as of January 28, 2023 included 7 million of receivables associated with Johnny Was. Additionally, receivables in our other businesses increased primarily due to higher wholesale sales in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2022. Inventories, net, which is net of a 76 million and 69 million LIFO reserve as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively, increased as of January 28, 2023, with increased inventory in each brand, and included inventories of 20 million associated with Johnny Was. The increase in inventories of our existing brands was primarily due to (1) inventory in Fiscal 2021 generally at lower than optimal levels, when a stronger than anticipated rebound in consumer demand outpaced inventory purchases, (2) increases resulting from the earlier receipt of inventory in Fiscal 2022 to mitigate supply chain risks, (3) anticipated sales growth in each of our brands for Fiscal 2023 and (4) increased product costs. The inventory increases in our brands were partially offset by the impact of LIFO accounting of 3 million, including the net impact of an 8 million increase in the LIFO reserve and a 5 million increase in inventory markdowns as of January 28, 2023. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Income tax receivable primarily relates to the income tax receivable associated with tax returns for Fiscal 2020, which included the carry back of operating losses to offset taxable income from previous years. The increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets as of January 28, 2023 included (1) an increase in prepaid income taxes of 6 million, (2) an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets in our existing businesses, including prepaid expenses related to software and license arrangements, advertising, supplies and other items, and (3) the prepaid expenses and other current assets associated with Johnny Was. Non-current Assets: 

January 28, January 29, 2023 2022 Change Change Property and equipment, net 177,584 152,447 25,137 16.5 Intangible assets, net 283,845 155,307 128,538 82.8 Goodwill 120,498 23,869 96,629 404.8 Operating lease assets 240,690 195,100 45,590 23.4 Other assets, net 35,585 30,584 5,001 16.4 Total non-current assets 858,202 557,307 300,895 54.0 Property and equipment, net as of January 28, 2023 increased primarily due to the addition of 21 million of property and equipment associated with Johnny Was as well as capital expenditures exceeding depreciation expense during Fiscal 2022. Intangible assets, net and goodwill as of January 28, 2023, increased primarily due to 129 million of intangible assets and 97 million of goodwill associated with Johnny Was. Operating lease assets as of January 28, 2023 increased primarily due to the operating lease assets associated with Johnny Was of 54 million. This increase in operating lease assets was partially offset by the net impact of the recognition of amortization related to existing operating leases and a reduced lease term of certain operating leases which exceeded the operating lease assets associated with new or extended operating leases in our existing businesses. The increase in other assets, net as of January 28, 2023, was primarily due to an increase in investments in unconsolidated entities partially offset by a reduction in assets set aside for potential deferred compensation obligations. Liabilities: 

January 28, January 29, 2023 2022 Change Change Total current liabilities 269,639 226,166 43,473 19.2 Long-term debt 119,011 119,011 Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities 220,709 199,488 21,221 10.6 Other non-current liabilities 20,055 21,413 (1,358) (6.3) Deferred income taxes 2,981 2,911 70 2.4 Total liabilities 632,395 449,978 182,417 40.5 Current liabilities increased as of January 28, 2023 primarily due to current liabilities of 30 million associated with Johnny Was as well as increases in accounts payable, current portion of operating lease liabilities, accrued compensation and accrued expenses and other liabilities of our existing businesses. The long-term debt of 119 million as of January 28, 2023, was primarily due to borrowing certain amounts to fund a portion of the acquisition of Johnny Was. Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities as of January 28, 2023, increased primarily due to 45 million of non-current operating lease liability amounts associated with Johnny Was. This increase in non-current portion of operating lease liabilities was partially offset by the net impact of the payment of operating lease liabilities and reductions in liabilities related to the termination or reduced term of certain operating leases which exceeded the operating lease liabilities associated with new or extended operating leases. Other non-current liabilities as of January 28, 2023 decreased primarily due to decreases in deferred compensation liabilities. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Statement of Cash Flows The following table sets forth the net cash flows resulting in the change in our cash and cash equivalents (in thousands): 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Cash provided by operating activities 125,610 198,006 83,850 Cash used in investing activities (151,747) (181,572) (34,651) Cash used in financing activities (11,527) (38,175) (35,848) Net change in cash and cash equivalents (37,664) (21,741) 13,351 Cash and cash equivalents were 9 million as of January 28, 2023, compared to 45 million as of January 29, 2022. There were no short-term investments as of January 28, 2023, compared to 165 million as of January 29, 2022. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments from January 29, 2022 was due to the use of cash and short-term investments to fund the acquisition of Johnny Was, with the remainder of the purchase price funded via borrowings pursuant to our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement. Changes in cash flows in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 related to operating activities, investing activities and financing activities are discussed below. Operating Activities: In Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, operating activities provided 126 million and 198 million of cash, respectively. The cash flow from operating activities for each period primarily consisted of net earnings for the relevant period adjusted, as applicable, for non-cash activities including depreciation, amortization, equity-based compensation, gains on sale of assets and other non-cash items as well as the net impact of changes in deferred income taxes and operating assets and liabilities. In Fiscal 2022, changes in operating assets and liabilities had a significant net unfavorable impact on cash flow from operations, while in Fiscal 2021 the changes in operating assets and liabilities had a significant net favorable impact on cash flow from operations. In Fiscal 2022, the net change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to an increase in inventories, a decrease in other non-current liabilities, including operating lease liabilities, and an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets, all of which decreased cash flow from operations, partially offset by a decrease in non-current assets, including operating lease assets, and an increase in current liabilities, which both increased cash flow from operations. In Fiscal 2021, changes in operating assets and liabilities were primarily due to an increase in current liabilities, a decrease in non-current assets including operating lease assets, and a decrease in inventories, all of which increased cash flow from operations, partially offset by a decrease in non-current liabilities, including operating lease liabilities, which decreased cash flow from operations. Investing Activities: In Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, investing activities used 152 million and 182 million of cash, respectively. On an ongoing basis, our cash flow used in investing activities is expected to primarily consist of costs associated with investments in information technology initiatives, including e-commerce capabilities; direct to consumer operations, including opening, relocating and remodeling locations; and facilities enhancements for distribution centers and offices. Capital expenditures were 47 million and 32 million in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. During Fiscal 2022, we paid 264 million for the acquisition of Johnny Was. We also converted 165 million of short-term investments into cash to fund a portion of the Johnny Was acquisition. In Fiscal 2022, other investing activities included the net impact of an 8 million investment in an unconsolidated entity which has an ownership interest in the property that is being converted into the Tommy Bahama Miramonte Resort Spa in Fiscal 2023, the collection of a 2 million loan from a small apparel brand and the receipt of 1 million of proceeds from the sale of an office building in Lyons, Georgia. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 During Fiscal 2021, we converted 165 million of cash on hand into short-term investments and received 15 million of proceeds from the sale of our investment in an unconsolidated entity. We also received 3 million of proceeds from the sale of Lanier Apparel s Toccoa, Georgia distribution center, and made a loan of 2 million to a small apparel brand, both of which are included in other investing activities. Financing Activities: In Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, financing activities used 12 million and 38 million of cash, respectively. During Fiscal 2022, we used cash to repurchase 95 million of shares, consisting of repurchased shares of our stock pursuant to an open market stock repurchase program and equity awards in respect of employee tax withholding liabilities, to pay 35 million of dividends and to pay 2 million of contingent consideration for the final contingent consideration payment related to the TBBC acquisition, which is included in other financing activities. In Fiscal 2022, we borrowed 119 million under our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement to fund our investing and financing activities that exceeded cash flow from operations. In Fiscal 2021, we used cash flow from operations to pay 28 million of dividends, repurchase 11 million of shares, consisting of repurchased shares of our stock pursuant to an open market stock repurchase program and equity awards in respect of employee tax withholding liabilities, and pay 1 million of contingent consideration, which is included in other financing activities. To the extent our net cash requirements exceed our net cash flows, we may borrow amounts from our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement, like we did during Fiscal 2022. Alternatively, if net cash requirements are less than our net cash flows, we may repay amounts outstanding on our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement, if any. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have a long history of generating sufficient cash flows from operations to satisfy our cash requirements for our ongoing capital expenditure needs as well as payment of dividends and repayment of our debt. Thus, we believe our anticipated future cash flows from operating activities will provide (1) sufficient cash over both the short and long term to satisfy our ongoing operating cash requirements, (2) ample funds to continue to invest in our lifestyle brands, direct to consumer initiatives and information technology projects, (3) additional cash flow to repay outstanding debt and (4) sufficient cash for other strategic initiatives. Our capital needs depend on many factors including the results of our operations and cash flows, future growth rates, the need to finance inventory and the success of our various products. To the extent cash flow needs in the future exceed cash flow provided by our operations, we will have access, subject to its terms, to our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement to provide funding for operating activities, capital expenditures and acquisitions, if any, and any other investing or financing activities. Our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement may also be used to establish collateral for certain insurance programs and leases and to finance trade letters of credit for certain product purchases, which reduce the amounts available under our line of credit when issued and totaled 7 million as of January 28, 2023. As of January 28, 2023, after considering our borrowings, letters of credit and available assets, we had 199 million of unused availability under our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement. Our cash and debt, as well as availability, levels in future periods will not be comparable to historical amounts, particularly after the completion of the acquisition of Johnny Was in September 2022. Further, we continue to assess, and may possibly make changes to, our capital structure, which we may achieve by borrowing from additional credit facilities, selling debt or equity securities or repurchasing additional shares of our stock in the future. Changes in our capital structure, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. We anticipate that at the maturity of the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement, or as otherwise deemed appropriate we will be able to refinance the facility or obtain other financing on terms available in the market at that time. The terms of any future financing arrangements may not be as favorable as the terms of the current agreement or current market terms. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 325 Million U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement As of January 28, 2023, we had 119 million of borrowings and 199 million of availability under our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement. On March 6, 2023, we amended the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement by entering into the Second Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to, among other things, (1) extend the maturity of the facility from July 2024 to March 2028 and (2) modify certain provisions of the agreement. Pursuant to the amended agreement, the interest rate applicable to our borrowings under the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement will be based on either the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus an applicable margin of 135 to 185 basis points or prime plus an applicable margin of 35 to 85 basis points. The U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement generally (1) is limited to a borrowing base consisting of specified percentages of eligible categories of assets, (2) accrues variable-rate interest (weighted average interest rate of 6 as of January 28, 2023), unused line fees and letter of credit fees based upon average utilization or unused availability, as applicable, (3) requires periodic interest payments with principal due at maturity and (4) is secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of Oxford Industries, Inc. and its domestic subsidiaries, including accounts receivable, books and records, chattel paper, deposit accounts, equipment, certain general intangibles, inventory, investment property (including the equity interests of certain subsidiaries), negotiable collateral, life insurance policies, supporting obligations, commercial tort claims, cash and cash equivalents, eligible trademarks, proceeds and other personal property. The U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement is subject to a number of affirmative covenants regarding the delivery of financial information, compliance with law, maintenance of property, insurance requirements and conduct of business. Also, the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement is subject to certain negative covenants or other restrictions including, among other things, limitations on our ability to (1) incur debt, (2) guaranty certain obligations, (3) incur liens, (4) pay dividends to shareholders, (5) repurchase shares of our common stock, (6) make investments, (7) sell assets or stock of subsidiaries, (8) acquire assets or businesses, (9) merge or consolidate with other companies or (10) prepay, retire, repurchase or redeem debt. Additionally, the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant that applies only if excess availability under the agreement for three consecutive business days is less than the greater of (1) 23.5 million or (2) 10 of availability. In such case, our fixed charge coverage ratio as defined in the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement must not be less than 1.0 to 1.0 for the immediately preceding 12 fiscal months for which financial statements have been delivered. This financial covenant continues to apply until we have maintained excess availability under the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement of more than the greater of (1) 23.5 million or (2) 10 of availability for 30 consecutive days. We believe that the affirmative covenants, negative covenants, financial covenants and other restrictions under the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement are customary for those included in similar facilities entered into at the time we amended the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement. During Fiscal 2022 and as of January 28, 2023, no financial covenant testing was required pursuant to our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement as the minimum availability threshold was met at all times. As of January 28, 2023, we were compliant with all applicable covenants related to the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement. Operating Lease Commitments: In the ordinary course of business, we enter into long-term real estate lease agreements for our direct to consumer locations, which include both retail store and food and beverage locations, and office and warehouse/distribution space, as well as leases for certain equipment. Our real estate leases have varying terms and expirations and may have provisions to extend, renew or terminate the lease agreement at our discretion, among other provisions. Our real estate lease terms are typically for a period of 10 years or less and typically require monthly rent payments with specified rent escalations during the lease term. Our real estate leases usually provide for payments of our pro rata share of real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses applicable to the property, and certain of our leases require payment of sales taxes on rental payments. Also, our direct to consumer location leases often provide for contingent rent payments based on sales if certain sales thresholds are achieved. Base rent amounts specified in the 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 leases are included in determining the operating lease liabilities included in our consolidated balance sheet, while amounts for real estate taxes, sales tax, insurance, other operating expenses and contingent rent applicable to the properties pursuant to the respective leases are not included in determining the operating lease liabilities included in our consolidated balance sheets. These leases require us to make a substantial amount of cash payments on an annual basis. Base rent amounts required to be paid in the future over the remaining lease terms under our existing leases as of January 28, 2023, totaled 336 million, including 83 million, 66 million, 50 million, 43 million and 30 million of required payments in each of the next five years. Additionally, amounts for real estate taxes, sales tax, insurance, other operating expenses and contingent rent applicable to the properties pursuant to the respective operating leases are required to be paid in the future, but the amounts payable in future periods are, in most cases, not quantified in the lease agreement or are dependent on factors which may not be known at this time. Such amounts incurred in Fiscal 2022 totaled 43 million. Refer to Note 1 and Note 6 of our consolidated financial statements for additional disclosures about our operating lease agreements and related commitments. Capital Expenditures: Our anticipated capital expenditures for Fiscal 2023 are expected to be approximately 90 million, as compared to 47 million in Fiscal 2022. The planned increase is primarily due to increased investment in our various technology systems initiatives, the commencement of a significant multi-year project at our Lyons, Georgia distribution center to modernize the operations into a more efficient e-commerce distribution center for our brands, increased Marlin Bar openings, the addition of Johnny Was, which is increasing its store count by 10 or more stores this year and increases in store openings in our other brands. Our capital expenditure amounts in future years will fluctuate from the amounts incurred in prior years depending on the investments we believe appropriate for that year to support future expansion of our businesses. Dividends: On March 21, 2023, our Board of Directors approved a cash dividend of 0.65 per share payable on April 28, 2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on April 14, 2023. This dividend amount is an 18 increase over the dividend paid in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2022. Although we have paid dividends each quarter since we became a public company in July 1960, including 35 million in total, or 2.20 per common share, in Fiscal 2022, we may discontinue or modify dividend payments at any time if we determine that other uses of our capital, including payment of outstanding debt, funding of acquisitions, funding of capital expenditures or repurchases of outstanding shares, may be in our best interest; if our expectations of future cash flows and future cash needs outweigh the ability to pay a dividend; or if the terms of our credit facility, other debt instruments or applicable law limit our ability to pay dividends. We may borrow to fund dividends or repurchase shares in the short term subject to the terms and conditions of our credit facility, other debt instruments and applicable law. All cash flow from operations will not be paid out as dividends. For details about limitations on our ability to pay dividends, see the discussion of our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement above and in Note 5 of our consolidated financial statements contained in this report. Share Repurchases: As disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Third Quarter of Fiscal 2021, and in subsequent filings, on December 7, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized us to spend up to 150 million to repurchase shares of our stock. This authorization superseded and replaced all previous authorizations to repurchase shares of our stock and has no automatic expiration. Pursuant to the Board of Directors authorization, we entered into a 100 million open market stock repurchase program (Rule 10b5-1 plan) to acquire shares of our stock, under which we repurchased shares of our stock totaling: (1) 8 million in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2021, (2) 43 million in the First Quarter of Fiscal 2022, (3) 30 million in the Second Quarter of Fiscal 2022, (4) 14 million in the Third Quarter of Fiscal 2022, and (5) 5 million in the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2022, which completed the purchases pursuant to the open market stock repurchase 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 program. Over the life of the 100 million open market repurchase program we repurchased 1.1 million, or 6 of our outstanding shares at the commencement of the program for an average price of 90 per share. After considering the repurchases during Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022, as of January 28, 2023, there were no amounts remaining under the open market repurchase program and 50 million remaining under the Board of Directors authorization. Other Liquidity Items: We have not entered into agreements which meet the SEC s definition of an off balance sheet financing arrangement, other than operating leases, and have made no financial commitments or guarantees with respect to any unconsolidated subsidiaries or special purpose entities. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP in a consistent manner. The preparation of these financial statements requires the selection and application of accounting policies. Further, the application of GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments about future events that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience, current trends and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe it is possible that other professionals, applying reasonable judgment to the same set of facts and circumstances, could develop and support a range of alternative estimated amounts. We believe that we have appropriately applied our critical accounting policies. However, in the event that inappropriate assumptions or methods were used relating to the critical accounting policies, our consolidated statements of operations could be materially misstated. A detailed summary of significant accounting policies is included in Note 1 of our consolidated financial statements contained in this report. The following is a brief discussion of the more significant estimates, assumptions and judgments we use or the amounts most sensitive to change from outside factors. Revenue Recognition and Accounts Receivable Our revenue consists of direct to consumer sales, including our retail store, e-commerce and food and beverage operations, and wholesale sales, as well as royalty income, which is included in royalties and other income in our consolidated statements of operations. We recognize revenue when performance obligations under the terms of the contracts with our customers are satisfied, which generally occurs when we deliver our products to our direct to consumer and wholesale customers. In our direct to consumer operations, which represented 80 of our consolidated net sales in Fiscal 2022, consumers have certain rights to return product within a specified period and are eligible for certain point of sale discounts. We make estimates of reserves for products which were sold prior to the balance sheet date but that we anticipate may be returned by the consumer subsequent to that date. The determination of direct to consumer return reserve amounts requires judgment and consideration of historical and current trends, evaluation of current economic trends and other factors. As of January 28, 2023, our direct to consumer return reserve liability was 12 million compared to 11 million as of January 29, 2022. A 10 change in the direct to consumer sales return reserve as of January 28, 2023 would have had an impact of less than 1 million on net earnings in Fiscal 2022. In the ordinary course of our wholesale operations, we offer discounts, allowances and cooperative advertising support to some of our wholesale accounts for certain products. As certain allowances, other deductions and returns are not finalized until the end of a season, program or other event which may not have occurred yet, we estimate such discounts, allowances and returns on an ongoing basis to estimate the consideration from the customer that we expect to 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 ultimately receive. Significant considerations in determining our estimates for these amounts for wholesale customers may include historical and current trends, agreements with customers, projected seasonal or program results, an evaluation of current economic conditions, specific program or product expectations and retailer performance. As of January 28, 2023, our total reserves for discounts, returns and allowances for our wholesale businesses were 4 million compared to 3 million as of January 29, 2022. If these allowances changed by 10 it would have had an impact of less than 1 million on net earnings in Fiscal 2022. We extend credit to certain wholesale customers based on an evaluation of the customer s financial capacity and condition, usually without requiring collateral. We recognize estimated provisions for credit losses based on our historical collection experience, the financial condition of our customers, an evaluation of current economic conditions, anticipated trends, and the risk characteristics of the receivables, each of which is subjective and requires certain assumptions. As of both January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, our provision for credit losses for our wholesale receivables was 1 million. If the provision for credit losses changed by 10 it would have had an impact of less than 1 million on net earnings in Fiscal 2022. Inventories, net For operating group reporting, our inventory is carried at the lower of the first-in, first-out FIFO cost or market. We evaluate the composition of our inventories for identification of distressed inventory at least quarterly. We estimate the amount of goods that we will not be able to sell in the normal course of business and write down the value of these goods as necessary. As the amount to be ultimately realized for the goods is not necessarily known at period end, we must use certain assumptions considering historical experience, inventory quantity, quality, age and mix, historical sales trends, future sales projections, consumer and retailer preferences, market trends, general economic conditions and our anticipated plans to sell the inventory. For consolidated financial reporting, 204 million, or 93 , of our inventories were valued at the lower of the last-in, first-out LIFO cost or market after deducting the 76 million LIFO reserve as of January 28, 2023. The remaining 16 million of our inventories were valued at the lower of FIFO cost or market as of January 28, 2023. LIFO reserves are based on the Producer Price Index PPI as published by the United States Department of Labor. We write down inventories valued at the lower of LIFO cost or market when LIFO cost exceeds market value. As of January 28, 2023, we had recorded a reserve of 4 million related to inventory on the lower of FIFO cost or market method and for inventory on the lower of LIFO cost or market method with markdowns in excess of our LIFO reserve. A 10 change in the amount of such markdowns would have had an impact of less than 1 million on net earnings in Fiscal 2022. A change in the markdowns of our inventory valued at the lower of LIFO cost or market method that is not marked down in excess of our LIFO reserve typically would not be expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. A change in inventory levels, the mix of inventory by category or the PPI at the end of future fiscal years compared to amounts as of January 28, 2023 could result in a material impact on our consolidated financial statements in the future. Given the significant amount of uncertainty surrounding the year-end LIFO calculation, including the estimate of year-end inventory balances, the proportion of inventory in each category and the year-end PPI, we have not typically adjusted our LIFO reserve in the first three quarters of a fiscal year. However, due to the significant levels of inflation throughout Fiscal 2022, we did recognize an adjustment to the LIFO reserve in each quarter of Fiscal 2022. Our policy of typically not adjusting the LIFO reserve at interim periods may result in significant LIFO accounting adjustments in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year. We do recognize changes in markdown reserves during each quarter of the fiscal year as those amounts can be estimated on an interim basis. Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net The cost of each acquired business is allocated to the individual tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed or incurred as a result of an acquisition based on their estimated fair values. The assessment of the estimated fair values of assets and liabilities acquired requires us to make certain assumptions about a number of uncertain factors. Our intangible assets primarily consist of trademarks, as well as customer relationships and reacquired 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 rights. Goodwill is recognized as the amount by which the cost to acquire a business exceeds the fair value of assets acquired less any liabilities assumed at acquisition. The fair values and useful lives of our acquired intangible assets and goodwill are estimated based on our assessment as well as independent third party appraisals, in some cases. At acquisition, as well as any subsequent impairment tests, assumptions and estimates about various items with significant uncertainty are required to determine the fair value of intangible assets and goodwill. When determining the fair value, significant assumptions may include our planned use of the asset as well as estimates of net sales, royalty income, operating income, growth rates, royalty rates for the trademarks, a risk-adjusted market based cost of capital as the discount rates and income tax rates, among other factors. Our fair value assessment may also consider any comparable market transactions. The use of different assumptions related to these uncertain factors at acquisition could result in a material change to the amounts of intangible assets and goodwill initially recorded at acquisition, which could result in a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Trademarks with indefinite lives, which totaled 225 million as of January 28, 2023, and goodwill, which totaled 120 million as of January 28, 2023, are not amortized but instead evaluated, either qualitatively or quantitatively, for impairment annually as of the first day of our fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the intangible asset or goodwill might be impaired. The assessment of fair value of trademarks with indefinite lives and goodwill often includes assessments based on a discounted cash flow analysis. This analysis is typically similar to the analysis performed at acquisition and dependent upon a number of uncertain factors, including those used in the initial valuation at acquisition as listed above. If this analysis indicates an impairment of a trademark with an indefinite life or goodwill, the amount of the impairment is recognized based on the amount that the carrying value of the intangible asset or goodwill exceeds the estimated fair value. While we have the option for a qualitative test, we performed a quantitative test for each test date in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. If our operating results, plans for the acquired business and/or macroeconomic conditions, anticipated results or other assumptions change after an acquisition, it could result in the impairment of the acquired intangible assets or goodwill. Also, a change in macroeconomic conditions may not only impact the estimated operating cash flows used in our cash flow models but may also impact other assumptions used in our analysis, including but not limited to, the risk-adjusted market-based cost of capital and/or discount rates. During Fiscal 2020, we recognized impairment charges for goodwill and intangible assets of Southern Tide of 60 million, resulting in the impairment of all goodwill for Southern Tide and the majority of the indefinite-lived intangible assets for Southern Tide. As noted above, the use of different assumptions related to the estimated fair value of the Southern Tide amounts could have resulted in a different fair value and a different impairment charge or charges in different periods. In Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, no impairment charges related to intangible assets or goodwill were recognized based on our impairment tests in those periods. Indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill that have been recently acquired or impaired are typically much more sensitive to changes in assumptions than other intangible asset and goodwill amounts as those amounts have recently been recorded at or adjusted to fair value. Accordingly, the 78 million of indefinite-lived trademarks and 97 million of goodwill associated with Johnny Was, which was acquired in Fiscal 2023, have the least excess of fair value over book value as of January 28, 2023. Thus, if the Johnny Was business does not achieve the anticipated growth and operating income in future years or if interest rates or tax rates increase, the Johnny Was intangible assets and/or goodwill could be determined to be impaired in the future. Intangible assets with finite lives totaled 58 million as of January 28, 2023 and primarily consist of customer relationships, certain trademarks and reacquired rights. These assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives and reviewed for impairment periodically if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the assets are determined to not be recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis and the expected future discounted cash flows of the asset group are less than the carrying amount, an asset group is impaired and a loss is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the asset group exceeds its fair value. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Other Fair Value Measurements For many assets and liabilities, the determination of fair value may not require the use of many assumptions or other estimates. However, in some cases the assumptions or inputs associated with the determination of fair value may require the use of many assumptions which may be internally derived or otherwise unobservable. These assumptions may include the planned use of the assets, anticipated cash flows, probabilities of cash flows, discount rates and other factors. We use certain market-based and internally derived information and make assumptions about the information in (1) determining the fair values of assets and liabilities acquired as part of a business combination, including the acquisition of Johnny Was in Fiscal 2022, (2) adjusting recognized assets and liabilities to fair value and (3) assessing recognized assets for impairment, including intangible assets, goodwill and other non-current assets. From time to time, we may recognize asset impairment or other charges related to certain lease assets, property and equipment or other amounts associated with us exiting direct to consumer locations, office space or otherwise. In these cases, we must determine the impairment charge related to the asset group if the assets are determined to not be recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis and the expected future discounted cash flows of the asset group are less than the carrying amount. While estimated cash outflows can be determined, in certain cases, if there is an underlying lease, the timing and amount of estimated cash inflows for any sublease rental income and other costs are often uncertain, particularly if there is not a sub-lease agreement in place. Also, we could subsequently negotiate a lease termination agreement that would differ from the estimated amount. Thus, our estimate of an impairment charge related to an asset group could change significantly as we obtain better information in future periods. In connection with certain acquisitions, including the acquisition of TBBC in 2017, we entered into contingent consideration arrangements, which are recognized at fair value at acquisition and each subsequent balance sheet date, to compensate the sellers if certain targets are achieved. The valuation of these contingent consideration amounts requires assumptions regarding the anticipated amounts and probabilities of cash flows, discount rates and other factors, each requiring a significant amount of judgment. Income Taxes Income taxes included in our consolidated financial statements are determined using the asset and liability method, in which income taxes are recognized based on amounts of income tax payable or refundable in the current year as well as the impact of any items that are recognized in different periods for consolidated financial statement reporting purposes and tax return reporting purposes. Significant judgment is required in determining our income tax provision as there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain and tax laws and regulations are often complex and subject to interpretation and judgment. These uncertainties relate to the recognition or changes to the realizability of deferred tax assets, loss carry-forwards, valuation allowances, uncertain tax positions and other matters. Our assessment of these income tax matters requires our consideration of taxable income and other items for historical periods, projected future taxable income, projected future reversals of existing timing differences, tax planning strategies and other information. The use of different assumptions related to the income tax matters above, as well as a shift in earnings among jurisdictions, changes in tax laws, enacted rates or interpretations, court case decisions, statute of limitation expirations or audit settlements, each could have a significant impact on our income tax rate. The ultimate resolution of our income tax matter uncertainties may differ significantly from the anticipated resolution included in our current assumptions and estimates, which could have a significant impact on our financial statements. An increase in our consolidated income tax expense rate from 23.2 to 24.2 during Fiscal 2022 would have reduced net earnings by 2 million. See Note 10 of our consolidated financial statements included in this report for further discussion of income taxes. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS Refer to Note 1 of our consolidated financial statements included in this report for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB that we have not yet adopted that may have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows in the future. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 SEASONALITY Each of our operating groups is impacted by seasonality as the demand by specific product or style, as well as by distribution channel, may vary significantly depending on the time of year. For information regarding the impact of seasonality on our business operations, see Part I, Item 1, Business, included in this report. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are exposed to market risk in the ordinary course of business from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. In recent years, we have not used financial instruments to mitigate our exposure to these risks, and we do not use financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. However, we could use financial instruments to mitigate our exposure to these risks in the future. Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates on our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement when we have any borrowings outstanding, which could impact our financial condition and results of operations in future periods. Our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement accrues interest based on variable interest rates while providing the necessary borrowing flexibility we require due to the seasonality of our business and our need to fund certain product purchases with trade letters of credit. Additionally, for the amounts of unused credit under the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement we pay unused line fees, which are based on a specified percentage of the unused line amounts. As of January 28, 2023, we had 119 million of borrowings outstanding under our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement, after borrowing amounts to fund the Johnny Was acquisition in September 2022. We do not consider that amount to necessarily be indicative of the average borrowings outstanding expected for Fiscal 2023 due to our expectation that we will reduce debt levels during Fiscal 2023, particularly after the first quarter. Our expected cash flows from operations is expected to be sufficient to fund our planned capital expenditures and dividends as well as allow for the repayment of some of our outstanding debt in Fiscal 2023. As of March 24, 2023, the weighted average interest rate on our borrowings was 6 , which includes borrowings pursuant to arrangements based on the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate or the lender s prime rate plus an applicable margin. Using the 119 million of variable-rate debt outstanding as of January 28, 2023 as an example, a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would increase interest expense by less than 1 million. Foreign Currency Risk We have exposure to foreign currency exchange rate changes including the impact of the re-measurement of transaction amounts into the respective functional currency and the translation of our foreign subsidiary financial statements into U.S. dollars. Also, although we purchase substantially all of our product purchases pursuant to a U.S. dollar denominated arrangement, future product costs could increase as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the local currencies of our suppliers. With 97 of our consolidated net sales in the United States, we do not anticipate that the impact of foreign currency changes on our foreign operations would have a material impact on our consolidated net sales, operating income or net earnings in the near term. Our foreign currency exchange rate risk is discussed in Foreign Currency in Note 1 of our consolidated financial statements included in this report. Commodity and Inflation Risk We are affected by inflation and changing prices through the purchase of full-package finished goods from suppliers, who manufacture products consisting of various raw material components, including fabrics made of cotton, silk, linen, nylon, leather, tencel and other natural and man-made fibers, or blends of two or more of these materials. Inflation/deflation risks are managed by each operating group, when possible, through negotiating product prices in advance, selective price increases and cost containment initiatives. We have not historically entered into significant long-term sales or purchase contracts or engaged in hedging activities with respect to our commodity risks. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS in thousands, except par amounts) 

January 28, January 29, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Receivables, net Inventories, net Income tax receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Current Assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Operating lease assets Other assets, net Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued compensation Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total Current Liabilities Long-term debt Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Deferred income taxes Shareholders Equity Common stock, par value per share Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity See accompanying notes. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS and shares in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit SG A Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets Royalties and other operating income Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net earnings (loss) Net earnings (loss) per share: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Dividends declared per share See accompanying notes. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME in thousands) 

Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: Net foreign currency translation adjustment Comprehensive income (loss) ) See accompanying notes. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY in thousands) 

Accumulated Additional Other Common Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Stock Capital Earnings (Loss) Income Total February 1, 2020 ) Net earnings and other comprehensive income ) ) Shares issued under equity plans Compensation expense for equity awards Repurchase of shares ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared and paid ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting standard ) ) January 30, 2021 ) Net earnings and other comprehensive income (loss) Shares issued under equity plans Compensation expense for equity awards Repurchase of shares ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared and paid ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting standard January 29, 2022 ) Net earnings and other comprehensive income Shares issued under equity plans Compensation expense for equity awards Repurchase of shares ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared and paid ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting standard January 28, 2023 ) See accompanying notes. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS in thousands) 

Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net earnings (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash flows from operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets Impairment of property and equipment Equity compensation expense Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated entity ) Gain on sale of property and equipment ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Change in fair value of contingent consideration Deferred income taxes ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and dispositions: Receivables, net ) ) Inventories, net ) Income tax receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Current liabilities Other non-current assets, net Other non-current liabilities ) ) ) Cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of short-term investments ) ) Proceeds from short-term investments Proceeds from sale of investment in unconsolidated entity Other investing activities ) ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Repayment of revolving credit arrangements ) ) Proceeds from revolving credit arrangements Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchase of equity awards for employee tax withholding liabilities ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Other financing activities ) ) ) Cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period See accompanying notes. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS January 28, 2023 / -week fiscal year. Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to January 31 and is designated by the calendar year in which the fiscal year commences. As used in our consolidated financial statements, the terms Fiscal 2020, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2023 reflect the weeks ended January 30, 2021; weeks ended January 29, 2022; weeks ended January 28, 2023; and weeks ending February 3, 2024, respectively. 
 76 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 E-commerce Food beverage Wholesale Other Net sales 
 77 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 We recognize revenue when performance obligations under the terms of the contracts with our customers are satisfied, which generally occurs when we deliver our products to our direct to consumer and wholesale customers. Control of the product is generally transferred upon providing the product to consumers in our bricks and mortar retail stores and food and beverage locations, upon physical delivery of the products to consumers in our e-commerce operations and upon shipment from our distribution center to customers in our wholesale operations. Once control is transferred to the customer, we have completed our performance obligations related to the contract and have an unconditional right to consideration for the products sold as outlined in the contract. Our receivables resulting from contracts with customers in our direct to consumer operations are generally collected within a few days, upon settlement of the credit card transaction, while our receivables resulting from contracts with our customers in our wholesale operations are generally due within one quarter, in accordance with established credit terms. All of our performance obligations under the terms of our contracts with customers in our direct to consumer and wholesale operations have an expected original duration of one year or less. We only recognize revenue to the extent that it is probable that we will not have a significant reversal of revenue in a future period. Our revenue, including any freight income, is recognized net of applicable taxes in our consolidated statements of operations. In our direct to consumer operations, consumers have certain rights to return product within a specified period and are eligible for certain point of sale discounts; thus retail store, e-commerce and food and beverage revenues are recorded net of estimated returns and discounts, as applicable. The sales return allowance is based on historical direct to consumer return rates and current trends and is recognized on a gross basis as a return liability for the amount of sales estimated to be returned and a return asset for the right to recover the product estimated to be returned by the customer. The value of inventory associated with a right to recover the goods returned in our direct to consumer operations is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. The changes in the return liability are recognized in net sales and the changes in the return asset are recognized in cost of goods sold in our consolidated statements of operations. An estimated sales return liability of million and million for expected direct to consumer returns is classified in accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively. In the ordinary course of our wholesale operations, we offer discounts, allowances and cooperative advertising support to some of our wholesale customers for certain products. Some of these arrangements are written agreements, while others may be implied by customary practices or expectations in the industry. As certain allowances, other deductions and returns are not finalized until the end of a season, program or other event which may not have occurred yet, we estimate such discounts, allowances and returns on an ongoing basis to estimate the consideration from the customer that we expect to ultimately receive. Significant considerations in determining our estimates for discounts, allowances, operational chargebacks and returns for wholesale customers may include historical and current trends, agreements with customers, projected seasonal or program results, an evaluation of current economic conditions, specific program or product expectations and retailer performance. We record the discounts, returns, allowances and operational chargebacks as a reduction to net sales in our consolidated statements of operations and as a reduction to receivables, net in our consolidated balance sheets, with the estimated value of inventory expected to be returned in prepaid expenses and other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, reserve balances recorded as a reduction to wholesale receivables related to these items were million and million, respectively. We extend credit to certain wholesale customers based on an evaluation of the customer s financial capacity and condition, usually without requiring collateral. In circumstances where we become aware of a specific wholesale customer s inability to meet its financial obligations, a specific provision for credit losses is taken as a reduction to accounts receivable to reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount reasonably expected to be collected. Such amounts are ultimately written off at the time that the amounts are not considered collectible. For our wholesale customer receivable amounts not specifically provided for, we recognize estimated provisions for credit losses, using the current expected loss model based on our historical collection experience, the financial condition of our customers, an evaluation of current economic conditions, anticipated trends and the risk characteristics of the receivables. Provisions for credit loss expense, which is included in SG A in our consolidated statements of operations, for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 were a credit of less than million, a credit of million and a charge of million, respectively, 
 78 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million, less than million and million, respectively. As of both January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, receivables, net in our consolidated balance sheet included a provision for credit losses related to trade receivables of million. In addition to trade receivables, tenant allowances due from landlord of million and million are included in receivables, net in our consolidated balance sheet, as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively. Substantially all other amounts recognized in receivables, net represent trade receivables related to contracts with customers, including receivables from wholesale customers, credit card receivables related to our direct to consumer operations, and receivables from licensing partners. As of both January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, prepaid expenses and other current assets included million representing the estimated value of inventory for expected direct to consumer and wholesale sales returns in the aggregate. We did not have any significant contract assets related to contracts with customers, other than trade receivables and the value of inventory associated with expected sales returns, as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022. In addition to our estimated expected return amounts, contract liabilities related to contracts with our customers include gift cards and merchandise credits issued by us as well as unredeemed loyalty program award points. Gift cards and merchandise credits issued by us are redeemable on demand by the holder, do not have an expiration date and do not incur administrative fees. Historically, substantially all gift cards and merchandise credits are redeemed within of issuance. Gift cards and merchandise credits are recorded as a liability until our performance obligation is satisfied, which occurs when redeemed by the consumer, at which point revenue is recognized. However, we recognize estimated breakage income for certain gift cards and merchandise credits using the redemption recognition method, subject to applicable laws in certain states. Contract liabilities for gift cards purchased by consumers and merchandise credits received by customers but not yet redeemed, less any breakage income recognized to date, is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets and totaled million and million as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively. Gift card breakage income, which is included in net sales in our consolidated statements of operations, was million in each of Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. In Fiscal 2021, each of our brands in our Emerging Brands operating group initiated brand specific loyalty award programs. These programs allow consumers to earn loyalty points associated with the brand. These programs are primarily spend-based loyalty programs, with varying terms and conditions for each respective brand s program. The consumer earns points which, depending on the program, allows the consumer to (1) achieve a specified status with the brand, which provides the consumer with benefits, such as early access to events, free shipping or other benefits, for a specified period, and/or (2) earn a monetary reward by accumulating loyalty points that can be redeemed in association with future purchases from the brand. As loyalty points are earned, we defer revenue, based on the estimated fair value of the loyalty points, with a corresponding liability in accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. The loyalty points liability is generally recognized as revenue when the loyalty points are redeemed or expire. Deferred revenue associated with the loyalty programs totaled million as of both January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022. Royalties from the license of our owned brands are recognized over the time that licensees are provided access to utilize our trademarks (i.e. symbolic intellectual property) and benefit from such access through their sales of licensed products. Payments are generally due quarterly, and depending on time of receipt, may be recorded as a liability until recognized as revenue. Royalty income is based upon the contractually guaranteed minimum royalty obligations and adjusted as sales data, or estimates thereof, is received from licensees, when the related royalties based on a percentage of the licensee s sales exceed the contractually determined minimum royalty amount. Royalty income, which is included in royalties and other operating income in our consolidated statements of operations, were million, million and million during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 
 79 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million, million and million, respectively. All costs associated with advertising, promotion and marketing of our products are expensed in SG A during the period when the advertisement is first shown. Costs associated with cooperative advertising programs under which we agree to make general contributions to our wholesale customers advertising and promotional funds are generally recorded as a reduction to net sales. Advertising, promotion and marketing expenses, excluding employment costs for our advertising and marketing employees, for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. Prepaid advertising, promotion and marketing expenses included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 were million and million, respectively. Royalty expense related to our license of third party brands, which are generally based on the greater of a percentage of our actual net sales for the licensed product or a contractually determined minimum royalty amount, are recorded based upon any guaranteed minimum levels and adjusted based on our net sales of the licensed products, as appropriate. Royalty expenses recognized as SG A in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. As of January 28, 2023, we do not have any royalty agreements with material guaranteed minimum royalty amounts for future periods as future royalty amounts are generally dependent on our future sales of the specified licensed products. million and million, respectively, of money market fund investments. 
 80 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million, million and million, respectively. During Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, cash paid for interest, net of interest income was million, million and million, respectively. Non-cash investing activities included capital expenditures incurred but not yet paid at period end, which were included in accounts payable in our consolidated balances sheets, of million, million and million as of Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. Additionally, during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we recorded a non-cash net increase in operating lease assets and corresponding operating lease liability amounts of million, million and million, respectively, related to the net impact of new, modified and terminated operating lease amounts, excluding any operating lease amounts recognized in the opening balance sheet of an acquired business. million and million, respectively, of short-term investments on our consolidated balance sheet, generally consisting of highly liquid corporate and U.S. Treasury securities, which were expected to be liquidated within one year. We classify these short-term investments as trading securities, and accordingly, the investments are recorded at fair value, based on Level 1 measurements, with the gains or losses recognized in our consolidated statements of operations in royalties and other income. million, or , and million, or , respectively, of our inventories were valued at the lower of LIFO cost or market after deducting our LIFO accounting reserve. The remaining million and million of our inventories were valued at the lower of FIFO cost or market as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively. Generally, for consolidated financial reporting, inventories of our domestic operations are valued at the lower of LIFO cost or market, and our inventories of our international operations are valued at the lower of FIFO cost or market. Our LIFO reserves are based on the estimated Producer Price Index as published by the United States Department of Labor. We write down inventories valued at the lower of LIFO cost or market when LIFO cost exceeds market value. We deem LIFO accounting adjustments to not only include changes in the LIFO reserve, but also includes changes in markdown reserves. As our LIFO inventory pool does not correspond to our operating group definitions, LIFO inventory accounting adjustments are not allocated to our operating groups. Thus, the impact of accounting for inventories on the LIFO method is reflected in Corporate and Other for operating group reporting purposes included in Note 2. There were no LIFO inventory layer liquidations that had a material impact on our net earnings in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2020. As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the LIFO reserve included in our consolidated balance sheet was million and million, respectively. 
 81 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Buildings and improvements Property and equipment is reviewed periodically for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group may not be recoverable, as discussed in Impairment of Long-Lived Assets, other than Goodwill and Intangible Assets with Indefinite Lives below. Substantially all of our depreciation expense is included in SG A in our consolidated statements of operations. Cost of goods sold includes the depreciation associated with our sourcing operations. Depreciation expense as disclosed in Note 2 includes any property and equipment impairment charges. 
 82 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million and goodwill of million, which are included in the Emerging Brands operating group, was recognized in the First Quarter of Fiscal 2020.There were other impairment charges during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2020. Intangible assets with finite lives primarily consist of customer relationships, certain trademarks and reacquired rights. These assets are amortized over the estimated useful life of the asset using a method of amortization that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed or otherwise realized or the straight line method. Certain of our intangible assets with finite lives may be amortized over periods of up to . The determination of an appropriate useful life for amortization considers our plans for the intangible assets, the remaining contractual period of the reacquired right, and factors that may be outside of our control, including expected customer attrition. Amortization of intangible assets is included in SG A in our consolidated statements of operations. Intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed periodically for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group may not be recoverable, as discussed below under Impairment of Long-Lived Assets, other than Goodwill and Intangible Assets with Indefinite Lives. Any costs associated with extending or renewing recognized intangible assets are generally expensed as incurred. million. Deferred financing costs for our revolving credit agreement are included in other non-current assets, net in our consolidated financial statements. Deferred financing costs are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method over the term of the related debt. Amortization of deferred financing costs is included in interest expense in our consolidated statements of operations. Unamortized deferred financing costs included in other non-current assets, net totaled million as of both January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022. 
 83 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million and million, respectively. Substantially all of these amounts are held in a rabbi trust and included in other non-current assets, net in our consolidated balance sheet. Substantially all the assets set aside for potential deferred compensation liabilities are life insurance policies recorded at their cash surrender value, less any outstanding loans associated with the life insurance policies that are payable to the life insurance company with which the policy is outstanding. The liabilities associated with the non-qualified deferred compensation plan are included in other non-current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets and totaled million and million at January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively. million for equity investments in entities accounted for using the equity method of accounting. During Fiscal 2020, we paid million, in the aggregate, for equity investments in entities accounted for using either the equity method of accounting or the alternative measurement method. These payments in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2020 are included in other investing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, our consolidated balance sheet included equity investments accounted for using the equity method of accounting, fair value and alternative measurement method totaling, in the aggregate, million and million, respectively. The equity investments in unconsolidated entities included in our consolidated balance sheet represents substantially all of our exposure or loss related to these investments, as there are no meaningful obligations to fund additional amounts or losses related to these investments. These investments include (1) our minority ownership interest in a property in Indian Wells, California that will be converted into the Tommy 
 84 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 as of January 28, 2023. During Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 we recognized amounts related to these investments in royalties and other income of a loss of million, income of million and a loss of less than million, respectively. In Fiscal 2021, our minority ownership interests in an unconsolidated entity was redeemed upon that entity consummating a change in control transaction, resulting in proceeds to us of million and a gain on sale of million. million, million and million, respectively, of property and equipment impairment charges, which were primarily included in SG A. During Fiscal 2020, these charges primarily related to a million write-off of previously capitalized costs associated with a Tommy Bahama information technology project that was abandoned in Fiscal 2020, million of charges related to retail store assets due to retail store closures in Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer, million of charges related to office leasehold improvements resulting from the Lanier Apparel exit and million of charges related to office leasehold improvements associated with the 2020 restructuring of Tommy Bahama s international sourcing operations. During Fiscal 2022, we did t recognize any operating lease asset impairment charges. During Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we recognized million and million, respectively, of operating lease asset impairment charges, which were primarily included in SG A. During Fiscal 2021, these charges primarily related to our Tommy Bahama New York office and showroom lease, which was vacated in Fiscal 2021 and provides the landlord the ongoing right to terminate the lease. During Fiscal 2020, these charges primarily related to million of charges related to certain office leases resulting from the Lanier Apparel exit and million of charges related to an office lease associated with the 2020 restructuring of Tommy Bahama s international sourcing operations. As disclosed in Note 4, we recognized an impairment charge of less than million of an intangible asset with a finite life in Lanier Apparel in Fiscal 2020 . impairment of intangible assets with finite lives was recognized during Fiscal 2022 or Fiscal 2021. 
 85 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million and million associated with the 2017 acquisition of TBBC was recognized in our consolidated statements of operations in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, million and million, respectively, of contingent consideration related to the TBBC acquisition was recognized as a liability in our consolidated balance sheet. In the aggregate, million was earned by the sellers pursuant to the contingent consideration arrangement, which ended on January 29, 2022, with the final payment of million paid in Fiscal 2022. of the sellers of TBBC is an employee and continues to manage the operations of TBBC. or less and typically require monthly rent payments with specified rent escalations during the lease term. Our real estate leases usually provide for payments of our pro rata share of real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses applicable to the property, and certain of our leases require payment of sales taxes on rental payments. Also, our direct to consumer location leases often provide for contingent rent payments based on sales if certain sales thresholds are achieved. For many of our real estate lease agreements, we obtain lease incentives from the landlord for tenant improvement or other allowances. Our lease agreements do not include any material residual 
 86 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million and million, respectively. For lease modifications that do not meet the criteria for the practical expedient, we account for the amendment and concession as a lease modification requiring lease remeasurement with the concession recognized as a reduction to the operating lease asset and recognized in our consolidated statements of operations over the remaining term of the respective lease agreement. The amount of concessions agreed to in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 that were recognized as reductions of the operating lease asset and will be recognized in future periods over the remaining lease term as a reduction to rent expense was million and million, respectively. There were concession amounts recognized immediately or initially recognized as reductions of the operating lease asset during Fiscal 2022 pursuant to this practical expedient. 
 87 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million, million and million, respectively. Additionally, the financial statements of our operations for which the functional currency is a currency other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of exchange in effect on the balance sheet date for the balance sheet and at the average rates of exchange prevailing during the relevant period for the statements of operations. The impact of such translation is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets and included in other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income resulting in no impact on net earnings for the relevant period. We view our foreign investments as long term, and we generally do not hedge such foreign investments. As of January 28, 2023, our foreign currency exchange risk exposure primarily results from our businesses operating outside of the United States, which are primarily related to (1) our Tommy Bahama operations in Canada and Australia purchasing goods in U.S. dollars or other currencies and (2) certain other transactions, including intercompany transactions. During Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we did not enter into and were not a party to any foreign currency exchange contracts. 
 88 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million fair value, and resulting carrying value, of the Southern Tide trade name in our interim impairment test, which utilized the relief from royalty valuation method, we used certain Level 3 inputs. The significant unobservable inputs used in determining the fair value of the Southern Tide trade name as of the First Quarter of Fiscal 2020 included: (a) a double-digit percentage decrease in sales for the remainder of Fiscal 2020 as compared to the comparable prior year sales amounts, reflecting the anticipated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic during the remainder of Fiscal 2020; a double-digit percentage increase for sales in Fiscal 2021, reflecting an anticipated partial recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic; and high single-digit percentage growth rates for sales subsequent to Fiscal 2021, with the growth rate in future periods ultimately decreasing to a low single-digit percentage in the long term, and (b) a required rate of return for the intangible asset of . 
 89 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million and less than million, as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively. customer represented and another customer represented of our receivables, net included in our consolidated balance sheet. No individual customer represented greater than 10 of our consolidated net sales in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2020. However, a decision by the controlling owner of a group of stores or any significant customer to decrease the amount of merchandise purchased from us or to cease carrying our products could have an adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods. 
 90 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 91 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million restricted shares and restricted share units outstanding that were excluded from the diluted earnings (loss) per share calculation. restricted shares or restricted share units were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation for Fiscal 2022 or Fiscal 2021. 
 92 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 93 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Lilly Pulitzer Johnny Was (1) Emerging Brands Lanier Apparel (2) Corporate and Other Consolidated net sales Depreciation and amortization Tommy Bahama Lilly Pulitzer Johnny Was (1) Emerging Brands Lanier Apparel (2) Corporate and Other Consolidated depreciation and amortization Operating income (loss) Tommy Bahama ) Lilly Pulitzer Johnny Was (1) ) Emerging Brands (3) ) Lanier Apparel (2) ) Corporate and Other (4) ) ) ) Consolidated operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) (1) Amount included for Johnny Was represents the post-acquisition period only. (2) In Fiscal 2021, we exited our Lanier Apparel business, which is discussed in more detail in Note 11. (3) The operating loss for Emerging Brands in Fiscal 2020 included a million impairment charge for goodwill and intangible assets of Southern Tide, with such charges in Fiscal 2022 or Fiscal 2021. (4) The operating loss for Corporate and Other included a LIFO accounting charge of million, charge of million and credit of million in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, the operating loss for Corporate and Other also included million of transaction expenses and integration costs associated with the Johnny Was acquisition and a gain on sale of an unconsolidated entity of million, respectively. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Lilly Pulitzer Johnny Was Emerging Brands Lanier Apparel Corporate and Other Purchases of Property and Equipment 

January 28, January 29, 2023 2022 Total Assets Tommy Bahama (1) Lilly Pulitzer (2) Johnny Was (3) Emerging Brands (4) Lanier Apparel (5) Corporate and Other (6) ) Total Assets 

 (1) Increase in Tommy Bahama total assets includes increases in inventories, receivables and prepaid expenses partially offset by reduction in non-current assets, including operating lease assets and property and equipment. (2) Increase in Lilly Pulitzer total assets includes increases in inventories, property and equipment, receivables and prepaid expenses partially offset by reductions in operating lease assets. (3) The Johnny Was business was acquired on September 19, 2022. (4) Increase in Emerging Brands total assets includes increases in inventories and non-current assets, including operating lease assets and property and equipment. (5) Decrease in Lanier Apparel total assets is due to the exit of the Lanier Apparel business during Fiscal 2021. (6) Decrease in Corporate and Other total assets includes reductions in short-term investments, cash and cash equivalents, which were used to fund a portion of the acquisition purchase price for Johnny Was, and reductions in inventories, primarily due to the impact of LIFO accounting, and reductions in non-current assets, including operating lease assets. 
 The other foreign amounts primarily relate to our Tommy Bahama operations in Canada and Australia. Other foreign 
 95 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Other foreign Lilly Pulitzer Johnny Was Emerging Brands Lanier Apparel Corporate and Other Consolidated net sales 

Fiscal 2021 Net Sales Retail E commerce Food Beverage Wholesale Other Tommy Bahama Lilly Pulitzer Johnny Was Emerging Brands Lanier Apparel Corporate and Other Consolidated net sales 

Fiscal 2020 Net Sales Retail E commerce Food Beverage Wholesale Other Tommy Bahama Lilly Pulitzer Johnny Was Emerging Brands Lanier Apparel Corporate and Other Consolidated net sales 
 96 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures, equipment and technology Leasehold improvements Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net Accumulated amortization and impairment ) ) Total intangible assets with finite lives, net Intangible assets with indefinite lives: Tommy Bahama Trademark Lilly Pulitzer Trademark Johnny Was Trademark Southern Tide Trademark Total intangible assets with indefinite lives Total intangible assets, net Acquisition Impairment ) ) ) Amortization ) ) ) ) Balance January 30, 2021 Acquisition Impairment Amortization ) ) ) Balance, January 29, 2022 Acquisition Impairment Amortization ) ) ) ) Balance, January 28, 2023 
 97 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Based on the current estimated useful lives assigned to our intangible assets, amortization expense for each of the next five years is expected to be million, million, million, million and million. Acquisition Impairment ) ) Other, including foreign currency Balance January 30, 2021 Acquisition Impairment Other, including foreign currency ) ) Balance, January 29, 2022 Acquisition Impairment Other, including foreign currency ) ) Balance, January 28, 2023 No impairment was required based on our annual tests for impairment of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives performed as of the first day of the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2020. As discussed in Note 1, starting in Fiscal 2020 the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant negative impact on each of our operating groups. Thus, certain goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing was required in the First Quarter of Fiscal 2020, which resulted in significant impairment charges related to Southern Tide, which is included in our Emerging Brands operating group, as shown in the tables above. Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets are included in impairment of goodwill and intangible assets in our consolidated statements of operations. No interim impairment tests were required for any other interim periods of Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2020. million and amounts outstanding, respectively, under our million Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement ). On March 6, 2023, we amended the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement by entering into the Second Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to, among other things, (1) extend the maturity of the facility from July 2024 to March 2028 and (2) modify certain provisions of the agreement. Pursuant to the amended agreement, the interest rate applicable to our borrowings under the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement will be based on either the Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus an applicable margin of to basis points or prime plus an applicable margin of to basis points. The U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement generally (1) is limited to a borrowing base consisting of specified percentages of eligible categories of assets, (2) accrues variable-rate interest (weighted average interest rate of as of January 28, 2023), unused line fees and letter of credit fees based upon average utilization or unused availability, as applicable, (3) requires periodic interest payments with principal due at maturity and (4) is secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of Oxford Industries, Inc. and its domestic subsidiaries, including accounts receivable, books and records, chattel paper, deposit accounts, equipment, certain general intangibles, inventory, investment property (including the equity interests of certain subsidiaries), negotiable collateral, life insurance policies, supporting obligations, commercial tort claims, cash and cash equivalents, eligible trademarks, proceeds and other personal property. 
 98 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million of letters of credit were outstanding under our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement. After considering these limitations and the amount of eligible assets in our borrowing base, as applicable, as of January 28, 2023, we had million in unused availability under the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement, subject to certain limitations on borrowings. Covenants, Other Restrictions and Prepayment Penalties The U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement is subject to a number of affirmative covenants regarding the delivery of financial information, compliance with law, maintenance of property, insurance requirements and conduct of business. Also, the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement is subject to certain negative covenants or other restrictions including, among other things, limitations on our ability to (1) incur debt, (2) guaranty certain obligations, (3) incur liens, (4) pay dividends to shareholders, (5) repurchase shares of our common stock, (6) make investments, (7) sell assets or stock of subsidiaries, (8) acquire assets or businesses, (9) merge or consolidate with other companies or (10) prepay, retire, repurchase or redeem debt. Additionally, the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant that applies only if excess availability under the agreement for three consecutive business days is less than the greater of (1) million or (2) of availability. In such case, our fixed charge coverage ratio as defined in the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement must not be less than to 1.0 for the immediately preceding fiscal months for which financial statements have been delivered. This financial covenant continues to apply until we have maintained excess availability under the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement of more than the greater of (1) million or (2) of availability for consecutive days. We believe that the affirmative covenants, negative covenants, financial covenants and other restrictions under the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement are customary for those included in similar facilities entered into at the time we amended the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement. During Fiscal 2022 and as of January 28, 2023, no financial covenant testing was required pursuant to our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement as the minimum availability threshold was met at all times. As of January 28, 2023, we were compliant with all applicable covenants related to the U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement. million and variable lease expense was million, resulting in total lease expense of million. For Fiscal 2021, operating lease expense, which includes amounts used in determining the operating lease liability and operating lease asset was million and variable lease expense was million, resulting in total lease expense of million. For Fiscal 2020, operating lease expense was million and variable lease expense was million, resulting in total lease expense of million. As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the weighted-average remaining operating lease term was and , respectively, and the weighted-average discount rate for operating leases was and , respectively. Cash paid for lease amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 99 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total lease payments Less: Difference between discounted and undiscounted lease payments Present value of lease liabilities million shares of par value per share common stock authorized for issuance as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022. As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, we had million shares and million shares, respectively, of common stock issued and outstanding. Dividends During Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we paid million, million and million, respectively, of dividends to our shareholders. Although we have paid dividends in each quarter since we became a public company in July 1960, we may discontinue or modify dividend payments at any time if we determine that other uses of our capital, including payment of outstanding debt, funding of acquisitions, funding of capital expenditures or repurchases of outstanding shares, may be in our best interest; if our expectations of future cash flows and future cash needs outweigh the ability to pay a dividend; or if the terms of our credit facility, other debt instruments or applicable law limit our ability to pay dividends. Share Repurchases During Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we repurchased million, million and million, respectively in open market transactions. Additionally, during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we purchased million, million and million, respectively, of shares from our employees to cover employee tax liabilities related to the vesting of shares of our stock. On December 7, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized us to spend up to million to repurchase shares of our stock in open market transactions. This authorization superseded and replaced all previous authorizations to repurchase shares of our stock and has no automatic expiration. Through January 28, 2023, we repurchased in open market transactions million shares of our common stock for million, an average price of per share, pursuant to the Board of Directors December 7, 2021 authorization. As of January 28, 2023, million of the authorization remained available for future repurchases of our common stock. 
 100 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million shares of par value preferred stock authorized for issuance as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022. preferred shares were issued or outstanding as of January 28, 2023 or January 29, 2022. million shares, which includes the additional shares approved for grant under the Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan by shareholders in June 2022. The Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan allows us to grant equity-based awards to employees and non-employee directors in the form of, among other things, stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares and/or restricted share units. additional shares are available under any predecessor plans. The specific provisions of restricted share awards are evidenced by agreements with the employee as determined by the compensation committee of our Board of Directors. Restricted shares and restricted share units granted to officers and other key employees in recent years generally vest from the date of grant if (1) the performance or market threshold, if any, was met and (2) the employee is still employed by us on the vesting date. The employee generally is restricted from transferring or selling any restricted shares or restricted share units and forfeits the awards upon the termination of employment prior to the end of the vesting period. The restricted share awards granted during Fiscal 2022 include certain clauses related to accelerated vesting upon the occurrence of qualifying retirement, death or disability of the employee prior to the vesting date, while the restricted share awards granted in prior years did not include such clauses. In recent years, we have granted a combination of service-based restricted share awards and awards based on total shareholder return TSR to certain of our employees. As of January 28, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested service-based and TSR-based restricted share awards included in the tables below, which have been granted to employees but have not yet vested. As of January 28, 2023, the weighted average remaining life of the outstanding awards was . Service-Based and Performance-Based Restricted Share Awards During Fiscal 2022, we granted service-based restricted share unit awards, while in prior years we granted service-based restricted shares. At the time that service-based restricted share unit awards are granted, the employee is generally, subject to the terms of the respective agreement, entitled to dividend equivalents, payable at the time of payment of any dividends paid on our common stock as long as the awards are outstanding, but do not have any voting rights. Whereas, at the time that service-based restricted share awards were issued, the shareholder is generally, subject to the terms of the respective agreement, entitled to the same dividend and voting rights as other holders of our common stock as long as the restricted shares are outstanding. In Fiscal 2019, we granted performance-based awards, which were issued to employees as restricted shares in Fiscal 2020 upon satisfaction of the specified earnings per share performance requirements. At the time issued, the restricted shares still had a service requirement until the April 2022 vesting date. 
 101 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Awards granted Performance-based awards issued related to prior year EPS-based performance awards Awards vested, including awards repurchased from employees for employees tax liability ) ) ) Awards forfeited ) ) ) Awards outstanding at end of year The following table summarizes information about unvested service-based restricted share awards, including both restricted shares and restricted share units, as of January 28, 2023. Service-based restricted shares with May 2024 vesting date Service-based restricted share units with May 2025 vesting date Total service-based awards outstanding at end of year Additionally, during the First Quarter of Fiscal 2023, we granted million of service-based restricted share units, subject to the recipient remaining an employee through the May 2026 vesting date. TSR-based Restricted Share Units The table below summarizes the TSR-based restricted share unit activity for officers and other key employees (in units) during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020: TSR-based awards granted TSR-based awards forfeited ) ) TSR-based awards outstanding at end of year 
 102 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 The restricted share units granted in the table above are at target. The TSR-based restricted share units are subject to (1) our achievement of a specified TSR-based ranking by us relative to a comparator group during a period of approximately from the date of grant and (2) generally the recipient remaining an employee through the vesting date which is approximately from the date of grant. The number of shares ultimately earned, which will be settled in shares of our common stock on the vesting date, will be between and of the restricted share units at target. These TSR-based restricted share units are entitled to dividend equivalents for dividends declared on our common stock prior to the vesting date, which are payable after vesting of the restricted shares, solely for the number of shares ultimately earned. These TSR-based restricted share units do not have any voting rights prior to the vesting date. The following table summarizes information about unvested TSR-based restricted share units as of January 28, 2023. TSR-based restricted share units (at target) with May 2024 vesting date TSR-based restricted share units (at target) with May 2025 vesting date Total TSR-based restricted share units outstanding at end of year Additionally, during the First Quarter of Fiscal 2023, we granted million of TSR-based restricted share units at target, subject to (1) our achievement of a specified TSR-based ranking by Oxford relative to a comparator group during a period of approximately from the date of grant and (2) the recipient remaining an employee through the May 2026 vesting date. The number of shares ultimately earned will be between and of the restricted share units at target. Director Share Awards In addition to shares granted to employees, we grant restricted share awards to our non-employee directors for a portion of each non-employee director s annual compensation. The non-employee directors must complete certain service requirements; otherwise, the restricted shares are subject to forfeiture. On the date of issuance, the non-employee directors are entitled to the same dividend and voting rights as other holders of our common stock. The non-employee directors are restricted from transferring or selling the restricted shares prior to the end of the vesting period. Employee Stock Purchase Plan There were less than million shares of our common stock authorized for issuance under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP as of January 28, 2023. The ESPP allows qualified employees to purchase shares of our common stock on a quarterly basis, based on certain limitations, through payroll deductions. The shares purchased pursuant to the ESPP are not subject to any vesting or other restrictions. On the last day of each calendar quarter, the accumulated payroll deductions are applied toward the purchase of our common stock at a price equal to of the closing market price on that date. Equity compensation expense related to the employee stock purchase plan recognized was less than million in each of Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. 
 103 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million, million and million, respectively. The increase in Fiscal 2022 was primarily due to an increase in the company match percentage for our defined contribution plan. The lower amount in Fiscal 2020 was primarily due to the suspension of the company match for our defined contribution plan during Fiscal 2020 to reduce our expenses during the COVID-19 pandemic. ) Foreign Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) Income taxes: Current: Federal ) State ) Foreign ) Deferred Domestic ) Deferred Foreign ) ) ) Income taxes ) Reconciliations of the United States federal statutory income tax rates and our effective tax rates are summarized as follows: State income taxes net of federal income tax benefit Impact of foreign operations rate differential ) Impairment of non-deductible Southern Tide goodwill ) Change in reserve for uncertain tax positions ) ) Rate benefit from NOL carry-back to pre-U.S. Tax Reform periods due to the CARES Act Impact of valuation allowances related to operating losses ) ) ) Impact of valuation allowances related to capital losses Impact of capital losses ) Other, net ) ) Effective tax rate for continuing operations 
 104 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Accrued compensation and benefits Receivable allowances and reserves Operating lease liabilities Operating loss and other carry-forwards Other, net Deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Liabilities: Operating lease assets ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Acquired intangible assets ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) The majority of our valuation allowance of million as of January 28, 2023 relate to our capital loss carry-forwards. As of January 29, 2022, the majority of our valuation allowance of million related to operating loss carry-forwards and deferred tax assets in the jurisdictions with operating losses as well as our capital loss carry-forwards. The positive operating results in Fiscal 2022, as well as the positive net earnings in the most recent three-year cumulative period, are considered significant positive evidence about the realizability of our operating loss carry-forwards in certain jurisdictions, and in Fiscal 2022 resulted in the utilization or reversal of the substantial majority of our valuation allowances related to our operating loss carry-forward amounts. The short carry-forward period for the capital losses, which can only offset qualifying capital gain income, continue to be considered significant negative evidence against the future realizability of these capital loss tax benefits. The amount of the valuation allowance could change in the future if our operating results or estimates of future taxable operating results changes. Certain amounts of foreign earnings are subject to U.S. federal tax currently pursuant to the GILTI rules regardless of whether those earnings are distributed, and actual distributions of foreign earnings are generally no longer subject to U.S. federal tax. We continue to assert that our investments in substantially all of our foreign subsidiaries and substantially all of the related earnings are permanently reinvested outside the United States. We believe that any other taxes such as foreign withholding or U.S. state tax payable would be immaterial if we were to repatriate the foreign earnings. Therefore, we have not recorded any deferred tax liabilities related to these foreign investments and earnings in our consolidated balance sheets as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022. Accounting for income taxes requires that we offset deferred tax liabilities and assets within each tax jurisdiction and present the net deferred tax amount for each jurisdiction as a net deferred tax amount in our consolidated balance sheets. Liabilities: Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) 
 105 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 A reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits, which are included in other non-current liabilities, is as follows (in thousands): 

Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Balance of unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year Increase related to prior period tax positions Decrease related to prior period tax positions ) Increase related to current period tax positions Decrease related to settlements with taxing authorities ) Decrease related to lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance of unrecognized tax benefits at end of year Approximately million of our uncertain tax positions as of January 28, 2023, if recognized, would reduce the future effective tax rate in the period settled. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits relating to our tax positions is subject to change based on future events including, but not limited to, settlements of ongoing audits and assessments and the expiration of applicable statutes of limitation. We expect that the balance of the gross unrecognized tax benefits may decrease during Fiscal 2023. However, the ultimate occurrence, outcomes, and timing of such events could differ from our current expectations. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax positions are recorded within income tax expense in our consolidated statements of operations. During each of Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we recognized less than million of interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax positions in our consolidated statements of operations. million in the Lanier Apparel operating group during Fiscal 2020. These charges consisted of (1) million of estimated inventory markdown charges, the substantial majority of which were reversed in Corporate and Other as part of LIFO accounting as the inventory had not been sold as of January 30, 2021, (2) million of employee charges, including severance and employee retention costs, (3) million of operating lease asset impairment charges for leased office space, (4) million of non-cash fixed asset impairment charges, primarily related to leasehold improvements, and (5) million of charges related to our Merida manufacturing facility, which ceased operations in Fiscal 2020. During Fiscal 2021, we recognized in the Lanier Apparel operating group a benefit of million related to the Lanier Apparel exit primarily consisting of (1) million of reductions in inventory markdowns previously recognized, of which the substantial majority of this amount was reversed in Corporate and Other as part of LIFO accounting and (2) a million gain on the sale of Lanier Apparel s Toccoa, Georgia distribution center. These items were partially offset by (1) million of severance and employee retention costs, (2) million of termination charges related to certain license agreements and (3) million of additional charges related to the Merida manufacturing facility. For each of Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, the estimated inventory markdown charges and manufacturing facility charges are included in cost of goods sold in Lanier Apparel, while the charges for operating lease asset impairments, employee charges, and fixed asset impairments are included in SG A in Lanier Apparel. The gain on sale of the Toccoa, Georgia distribution center in Fiscal 2021 is included in royalties and other income in Lanier Apparel. We do not expect to incur any additional Lanier Apparel exit charges. Substantially all of the cumulative accrued employee charges, termination charges related to contractual commitments and charges related to the Merida 
 106 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million related to the Lanier Apparel office leases that were previously impaired and vacated are expected to be paid through 2024 over the remaining terms of the respective leases, with no other anticipated significant future cash requirements related to the Lanier Apparel business. of the ownership interests in JW Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively Johnny Was ). Johnny Was owns the Johnny Was California lifestyle brand and its related operations including the design, sourcing, marketing and distribution of collections of affordable luxury, artisan-inspired bohemian apparel, accessories and home goods. Johnny Was products are sold through the Johnny Was website and retail stores as well as select department stores and specialty stores. We believe that the acquisition of Johnny Was further advances our strategic goal of owning a diversified portfolio of lifestyle brands and provides future growth opportunities for our business. Information about the operating results of Johnny Was for the 19 week period from the acquisition date through the end of the fiscal year are included in the operating group information included in Note 2. This acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. The preliminary purchase price for the acquisition of Johnny Was totaled million in cash, subject to adjustment based on net working capital as of the closing date of the acquisition. After giving effect to the estimated working capital adjustment, the purchase price paid at closing was million, including acquired cash of million. We used cash and short-term investments on hand and borrowings under our U.S. Revolving Credit Agreement to fund the transaction. As of January 28, 2023, we have accrued an additional million as an estimate of the finalization of the working capital estimate, which we anticipate finalizing and paying during Fiscal 2023. There are contingent consideration arrangements associated with this transaction. Transaction and integration costs related to this acquisition, which primarily consist of representation and warranty insurance, integration costs, due diligence costs, legal fees and other costs, totaled approximately million and are included in SG A in our consolidated statements of operations in Fiscal 2022. These costs are included in Corporate and Other in the financial information included in Note 2. Our allocation of the purchase price to the estimated fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, customer relationships, operating lease amounts, property and equipment, working capital amounts, liabilities and other amounts, is preliminary as of January 28, 2023. Our estimates of the allocation of preliminary purchase price will be revised during the one year allocation period, as appropriate, as we obtain additional information about the fair values of these acquired assets and liabilities and finalize our valuation estimates. Changes in future periods to the preliminary amounts allocated to the various acquired assets and liabilities could be material. 
 107 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Receivables Inventories (1) Prepaid expenses and other assets Property and equipment Intangible assets Goodwill Operating lease assets Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities ) Purchase price (1) Includes an estimate for the step-up of acquired inventory from cost to fair value of million pursuant to the purchase method of accounting, which was recognized in our consolidated statement of operations in Fiscal 2022 as acquired inventory was sold. 
 Goodwill represents the amount by which the cost to acquire Johnny Was exceeds the fair value of individual acquired assets less liabilities of the business at acquisition. - Trade names and trademarks Indefinite The consolidated pro forma information presented below (in thousands, except per share data) gives effect to the September 19, 2022 acquisition of Johnny Was as if the acquisition had occurred as of the beginning of Fiscal 2021. The information presented below is for illustrative purposes only, is not indicative of results that would have been achieved if the acquisition had occurred as of the beginning of Fiscal 2021 and is not intended to be a projection of future results of operations. The consolidated pro forma information has been prepared from historical financial statements for Johnny Was and us for the periods presented, including without limitation, purchase accounting adjustments, but excluding any seller specific management/advisory or similar expenses and any synergies or operating cost reductions that may be achieved from the combined operations in the future. Earnings before income taxes Net earnings Earnings per share: Basic Diluted The Fiscal 2022 pro forma information above includes amortization of acquired intangible assets, but excludes the transaction expenses and integration costs associated with the transaction and the million of incremental cost of goods sold associated with the step-up of inventory at acquisition that was recognized by us in our Fiscal 2022 consolidated statement of operations. The Fiscal 2021 pro forma information above includes amortization of acquired intangible assets, transaction expenses and integration costs associated with the transaction and the million of 
 108 

Table of Contents OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 (3) ) (4) Provision for credit losses (2) ) (3) ) (5) Fiscal 2021 Deducted from asset accounts: Accounts receivable reserves (1) ) ) (4) Provision for credit losses (2) ) ) (5) Fiscal 2020 Deducted from asset accounts: Accounts receivable reserves (1) ) (4) Provision for credit losses (2) ) (5) 

 (1) Accounts receivable reserves includes estimated reserves for allowances, returns and discounts related to our wholesale operations as discussed in our significant accounting policy disclosure for Revenue Recognition and Receivables in Note 1 of our consolidated financial statements. (2) Provision for credit losses consists of amounts reserved for our estimate of a wholesale customer s inability to meet its financial obligations as discussed in our significant accounting policy disclosure for Revenue Recognition and Receivables in Note 1 of our consolidated financial statements. (3) Addition due to the acquisition of Johnny Was in September 2022. (4) Principally consists of amounts written off related to customer allowances, returns and discounts. (5) Principally consists of accounts written off as uncollectible. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Oxford Industries, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Oxford Industries, Inc. (the Company) as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

the relief from royalty method and multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach to measure trade names and trademarks and customer relationships, respectively. The fair value measure was sensitive to underlying assumptions including certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results (e.g., future EBITA margins, terminal growth rate, and royalty rate). The significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 

 Fair Value of Intangible Assets Acquired in the Johnny Was Business Combination Description of the Matter How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit As disclosed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed the acquisition of JW Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries (Johnny Was) on September 19, 2022 for an aggregate net purchase price of 271 million. This acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. The Company allocated the net purchase price to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values as of the date of acquisition, including intangible assets of 134.6 million. Of the intangible assets acquired, the largest were trade names and trademarks and customer relationships of 77.9 million and 56.7 million, respectively. Auditing the Company s valuation of trade names and trademarks and customer relationships was complex and required significant auditor judgment due to the significant estimation uncertainty in evaluating certain assumptions required to estimate the fair value. The significant estimation uncertainty was primarily due to the sensitivity of the respective fair value of the trade names and trademarks and customer relationships to assumptions about the future cash flows that the Company expects to generate from the acquired business. The Company used the relief from royalty method and multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach to measure trade names and trademarks and customer relationships , respectively. The fair value measure was sensitive to underlying assumptions including certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results (e.g., operating income, growth rates and royalty rates). The significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of relevant controls over the Company s process for estimating the fair value of trade names and trademarks and customer relationships, including controls over management s review of the significant assumptions, including the operating income, growth rates and royalty rates, used in the valuation of these intangible assets and review of the valuation models. To test the estimated fair value of the trade names and trademarks and customer relationships, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the Company s valuation methodologies and evaluating the significant assumptions used by the Company. We involved our valuation specialists to assist with our evaluation of the methodology used by the Company and significant assumptions included in the fair value estimates. Our testing also included comparing the significant assumptions used to the historical results of the acquired business and to other guideline companies within the same industry. We also performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions to evaluate the change in the fair value of the intangible assets resulting from changes in the assumptions. 
 /s/ Ernst Young, LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. Atlanta, GA March 27, 2023 

112 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our company, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Changes in and Evaluation of Internal Control over Financial Reporting On September 19, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Johnny Was. We continue integrating the Johnny Was business processes, information technology systems and other components into our operations and internal controls over financial reporting, resulting in certain changes to our internal controls over financial reporting during the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2022. Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our internal control over financial reporting is supported by a program of appropriate reviews by management, written policies and guidelines, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, and a written code of conduct. On September 19, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Johnny Was. The results of operations of Johnny Was are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. As permitted by the SEC, we have elected to exclude Johnny Was from our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023. Net sales of Johnny Was represent 5 of net sales as reported in our consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2022. We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the updated framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on this assessment, we believe that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 28, 2023. Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, and its report thereon is included herein. and 

/s/ THOMAS C. CHUBB III /s/ K. SCOTT GRASSMYER Thomas C. Chubb III Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) K. Scott Grassmyer Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 27, 2023 March 27, 2023 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls Because of their inherent limitations, our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness for future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that a control system s objectives will be met. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Oxford Industries, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited Oxford Industries, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Oxford Industries, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. As indicated in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of JW Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries (Johnny Was), which is included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 5 of net sales for the year then ended January 28, 2023. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Johnny Was. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Oxford Industries, Inc. as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements and our report dated March 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Atlanta, Georgia March 27, 2023 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by this Item 10 of Part III will appear in our definitive proxy statement under the headings Corporate Governance and Board Matters Directors, Executive Officers, Common Stock Ownership by Management and Certain Beneficial Owners Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance, Corporate Governance and Board Matters Website Information, Additional Information Submission of Director Candidates by Shareholders, and Corporate Governance and Board Matters Board Meetings and Committees of our Board of Directors, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this Item 11 of Part III will appear in our definitive proxy statement under the headings Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director Compensation, Executive Compensation, Nominating, Compensation Governance Committee Report and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this Item 12 of Part III will appear in our definitive proxy statement under the headings Equity Compensation Plan Information and Common Stock Ownership by Management and Certain Beneficial Owners and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this Item 13 of Part III will appear in our definitive proxy statement under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director Independence and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID . The information required by this Item 14 of Part III will appear in our definitive proxy statement under the heading Audit-Related Matters Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Audit-Related Matters Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) 1. Financial Statements 
 The following consolidated financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this report: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022. Consolidated Statements of Operations for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 All other schedules for which provisions are made in the applicable accounting regulation of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted. (b) Exhibits 

2.1 Unit Purchase Agreement, dated September 19, 2022 by and among JW Holdings, LLC, the sellers named therein, Oxford Industries, Inc. and Endeavour Capital Fund VI, L.P. as sellers representative (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2022) 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Oxford Industries, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 29, 2017) 3.2 Bylaws of Oxford Industries, Inc., as amended (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2020) 4.1 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2020) 10.1 Oxford Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated effective June 13, 2012) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 27, 2012) 10.2 First Amendment to Oxford Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan dated July 1, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q/A for the fiscal quarter ended on July 30, 2016) 10.3 Second Amendment to Oxford Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 22, 2022 10.4 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2016, by and among Oxford Industries, Inc.; Tommy Bahama Group, Inc.; the Persons party thereto from time to time as Guarantors, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, the financial institutions party thereto as Exhibit 2.1; Issuing Banks; and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. as a Joint Lead Arranger and a Joint Bookrunner; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as a Joint Lead Arranger, a Joint Bookrunner, and the Syndication Agent; and Bank of America, N.A. and KeyBank National Association, as the Co-Documentation Agents (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2016) 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 10.5 Fourth Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2016, among Oxford Industries, Inc.; Tommy Bahama Group, Inc.; the additional entities grantor thereto, as Grantors, and Truist Bank f/k/a SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2016) 10.6 First Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2019, by and among Oxford Industries, Inc., Tommy Bahama Group, Inc., the Persons party thereto from time to time as guarantors, the financial institutions party thereto from time to time as lenders, and Truist Bank f/k/a SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2019) 10.7 Second Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2023, by and among Oxford Industries, Inc., Tommy Bahama Group, Inc., the Persons party thereto from time to time as guarantors, the financial institutions party thereto from time to time as lenders, and Truist Bank, as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 7, 2023) 10.8 Form of Oxford Industries, Inc. Restricted Stock Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2020) 10.8 Form of Oxford Industries, Inc. Performance-Based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2020) 10.9 Oxford Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan 21 Subsidiaries of Oxford Industries, Inc. 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 24 Power of Attorney 31.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL Document 101SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL Document 

 Filed herewith Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this form pursuant to Item 15(b) of this report. We agree to file upon request of the SEC a copy of all agreements evidencing long-term debt omitted from this report pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. Oxford Industries, Inc. By: /s/ THOMAS C. CHUBB III Thomas C. Chubb III Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Date: March 27, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Capacity Date /s/ THOMAS C. CHUBB III Thomas C. Chubb III Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) March 27, 2023 /s/ K. SCOTT GRASSMYER K. Scott Grassmyer Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) March 27, 2023 Helen Ballard Director March 27, 2023 Virginia A. Hepner Director March 27, 2023 John R. Holder Director March 27, 2023 Stephen S. Lanier Director March 27, 2023 Dennis M. Love Director March 27, 2023 Milford W. McGuirt Director March 27, 2023 Clarence H. Smith Director March 27, 2023 Clyde C. Tuggle Director March 27, 2023 E. Jenner Wood III Director March 27, 2023 Carol B. Yancey Director March 27, 2023 

By /s/ SURAJ A. PALAKSHAPPA Suraj A. Palakshappa as Attorney-in-Fact 
 120 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 oxm-20230128xex10d3.htm
 EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 
 second amendment to the oxford industries, inc. deferred compensation plan (As amended and restated effective June 13, 2012) WHEREAS, Oxford Industries, Inc. Oxford sponsors the Oxford Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated effective June 13, 2012) (the Plan and Whereas, Oxford desires to amend the Plan to modify the rate of employer matching contributions available under the Plan. NOW THEREFORE, Oxford, pursuant to the approval of its Board of Directors, hereby amends the Plan as follows effective as of January 1, 2023: 1. Article III, MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS, is hereby amended to read as follows: Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, Oxford shall credit the Account of each Eligible Employee who elects to defer the Minimum Deferral Amount for a Plan Year with a Matching Contribution equal to 5 of his or her Excess Compensation for such Plan Year. 2. Except as expressly modified by this Second Amendment to the Plan, all other terms and conditions of the Plan shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with the Plan. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Oxford has caused this Second Amendment to the Plan to be executed on the date set forth below. OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. By: /s/ Suraj A. Palakshappa Name: Suraj A. Palakshappa Title: Member, Administrative Committee Date: December 22, 2022 
 SGR/41712682.1 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 oxm-20230128xex10d9.htm
 EX-10.9

Exhibit 10.9 OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED LONG-TERM STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN (as of March 21, 2022) 1. Purpose . The purpose of the Oxford Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan is to attract and retain employees and directors for Oxford Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries and to provide such persons with incentives and rewards for superior performance. 
 2. Definitions . The following terms shall be defined as set forth below: 
 (a) Award means any Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Share, Restricted Share Unit, or Other Stock-Based Award. 
 (b) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (c) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 (d) Committee means a committee of the Board charged with administering the Plan as described in Section 4. 
 (e) Company means Oxford Industries, Inc., a Georgia corporation, or any successor corporation. 
 (f) Director means a member of the Board. 
 (g) Employee means any person, including an officer, employed by the Company or a Subsidiary. 
 (h) Fair Market Value means the fair market value of the Shares as determined by the Committee from time to time in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. Unless otherwise specified in the terms of an Award, Fair Market Value shall mean the closing price for the Shares reported on a consolidated basis on the New York Stock Exchange on the last day prior to the date in question or, if there were no sales on such date, the closing price on the nearest preceding date on which sales occurred. 
 (i) Grant Date means the date specified by the Committee on which a grant of an Award shall become effective, which shall not be earlier than the date on which the Committee completes the corporate action with respect thereto. 
 (j) Option means any option to purchase Shares granted under Section 5 of this Plan. 
 (k) Optionee means the person so designated in an agreement evidencing an outstanding Option. 
 (l) Other Stock-Based Award means a right granted under Section 9 of this Plan. 
 (m) Participant means an Employee or nonemployee Director who is selected by the Committee to receive benefits under this Plan, provided that nonemployee Directors shall not be eligible to receive grants of incentive stock options as defined in Section 422 of the Code. 
 (n) Performance Objectives means the performance criteria that may be established pursuant to this Plan for Participants who have received grants of Restricted Shares, Restricted Share Units or Other Stock-Based Awards. Performance Objectives may include, but are not limited to, the achievement of a specified target, or target growth in, one or more of the following: (i) earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA (ii) earnings before interest expense and taxes EBIT (iii) net earnings; (iv) net income; (v) operating income; (vi) earnings per share; (vii) book value per share; (viii) return on shareholders equity; (ix) capital expenditures; (x) expenses and expense ratio management; (xi) return on investment; (xii) improvements in capital structure; (xiii) profitability of an identifiable business unit or product; (xiv) maintenance or improvement of profit margins; (xv) stock price; (xvi) market share; (xvii) revenues or sales; (xviii) costs; (xix) cash flow; (xx) working capital; (xxi) return on (net) assets; (xxii) economic value added; (xxiii) gross or net profit before or after taxes; (xxiv) objectively determinable goals with respect to service or 

 1 

product delivery, service or product quality, inventory management, customer satisfaction, meeting budgets and/or retention of employees; or (xxv) total shareholder return or relative total shareholder return. Performance Objectives may relate to the Company and/or one or more of its subsidiaries, one or more of its divisions or units or any combination of the foregoing, on a consolidated or nonconsolidated basis, and may be applied on an absolute basis or be relative to one or more peer group companies or indices, or any combination thereof, all as the Committee determines. 
 (o) Performance Period means a period of time established under Sections 7 and 8 of this Plan within which the Performance Objectives relating to a Restricted Share or Restricted Share Unit are to be achieved. 
 (p) Restricted Share means a Share granted under Section 7 of this Plan. 
 (q) Restricted Share Unit means a bookkeeping entry that records the equivalent of one Restricted Share awarded pursuant to Section 8 of this Plan. 
 (r) Shares means shares of the Common Stock of the Company, 1.00 par value, or any security into which Shares may be converted by reason of any transaction or event of the type referred to in Section 11 of this Plan. 
 (s) Stock Appreciation Right means a right granted under Section 6 of this Plan. 
 (t) Subsidiary means a corporation or other entity (i) more than 50 percent of whose outstanding shares or securities (representing the right to vote for the election of Directors or other managing authority) are, or (ii) which does not have outstanding shares or securities (as may be the case in a partnership, joint venture or unincorporated association), but more than 50 percent of whose ownership interest (representing the right generally to make decisions for such other entity) is, now or hereafter owned or controlled directly or indirectly by the Company, provided that for purposes of determining whether any person may be a Participant for purposes of any grant of incentive stock options as defined in Section 422 of the Code, Subsidiary means any corporation in which the Company owns or controls directly or indirectly more than 50 percent of the total combined voting power represented by all classes of stock issued by such corporation at the time of such grant. 
 3. Shares Available Under the Plan . (a) Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11 of this Plan, the number of Shares that may be (i) issued or transferred upon the exercise of Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, (ii) awarded as Restricted Shares and released from substantial risk of forfeiture, or (iii) issued or transferred in payment of Restricted Share Units or Other Stock-Based Awards shall not in the aggregate exceed 2,500,000 Shares. In no event, however, shall the number of Shares issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options as defined in Section 422 of the Code exceed 200,000 Shares, as adjusted pursuant to Section 11. Such Shares may be Shares of original issuance, Shares held in Treasury, or Shares that have been reacquired by the Company. (b) With respect to Awards for which Shares were transferred to Participants upon payment of the Option price upon exercise of a nonqualified stock option by the transfer to the Company of Shares or upon satisfaction of tax withholding obligations under the Plan by the transfer or relinquishment of Shares, there shall be deemed to have been issued or transferred only the number of Shares actually issued or transferred by the Company, less the number of Shares so transferred or relinquished. Upon the payment in cash of a benefit provided by any Award under the Plan, any Shares that were subject to such Award shall again be available for issuance or transfer under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, after March 24, 2015, for any Shares which are (i) subject to an Award that are tendered to, or withheld by, the Company in payment of the exercise price of Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, (ii) subject to an Award and are relinquished, forfeited or otherwise tendered to the Company in satisfaction of tax and related withholding obligations, including as contemplated pursuant to Section 13 of this Plan, (iii) subject to a Stock Appreciation Right (to the extent that it is exercised and settled in Shares, without regard to the number of Shares issued to the Participant upon exercise), or (iv) repurchased by the Company with the proceeds from the exercise of an Option, all such Shares shall be deemed to have been issued for purposes of the limitations set forth in the first sentence of Section 3(a) of this Plan. (c) No Participant may receive Awards representing more than 300,000 Shares (as adjusted pursuant to Section 11) at the time the grant is made in any one calendar year. 4. Administration of the Plan . This Plan shall be administered by one or more committees appointed by the Board. The interpretation and construction by the Committee of any provision of this Plan or of any agreement or document evidencing the grant of any Award and any determination by the Committee pursuant to any provision of this Plan or any such agreement, notification or document, shall be final and conclusive. No member of the Committee shall be liable to any person for any such action taken or 

 2 

determination made in good faith. 
 5. Options . The Committee may from time to time authorize grants to Participants of Options upon such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine in accordance with the following provisions: 
 (a) Each grant shall specify the number of Shares to which it pertains. 
 (b) Each grant shall specify an Option price per Share, which shall be equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date. 
 (c) Each grant shall specify the form of consideration to be paid in satisfaction of the Option price and the manner of payment of such consideration, which may include (i) cash in the form of currency or check or other cash equivalent acceptable to the Company, (ii) nonforfeitable, unrestricted Shares owned by the Optionee which have a value at the time of exercise that is equal to the Option price, (iii) any other legal consideration that the Committee may deem appropriate on such basis as the Committee may determine in accordance with this Plan, or (iv) any combination of the foregoing. 
 (d) [Intentionally Deleted.] 
 (e) Each Option grant may specify a period of continuous employment of the Optionee by the Company or any Subsidiary (or, in the case of a nonemployee Director, service on the Board) that is necessary before the Options or installments thereof shall become exercisable, and any grant may provide for the earlier exercise of such rights in the event of a change in control of the Company or other similar transaction or event or the Participant s termination of employment due to death, disability, or normal or early retirement. Without limitation of the foregoing but subject to the Committee s discretion to include a provision permitting earlier exercise in the event of a change in control of the Company or other similar transaction or event or the Participant s termination of employment due to death, disability, or normal or early retirement, no Option grant to an Employee on or after March 24, 2015 shall permit such Employee to exercise any portion of the Option prior to the one year anniversary of the Grant Date of the Option. 
 (f) Options granted under this Plan may be incentive stock options as defined in Section 422 of the Code, nonqualified stock options (i.e., any option that is not designated as intended to qualify as an incentive stock option), or a combination of the foregoing, provided that only nonqualified stock options may be granted to nonemployee Directors. Each grant shall specify whether (or the extent to which) the Option is an incentive stock option or a nonqualified stock option. Notwithstanding any such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which Options designated as incentive stock options are exercisable for the first time by an Optionee during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company) exceeds 100,000, such Options shall be treated as nonqualified stock options. No Option granted under this Plan may be exercised more than ten years from the Grant Date. 
 (g) Each grant shall be evidenced by an agreement or other form of notice of the Award delivered to the Optionee and containing such terms and provisions as the Committee may determine consistent with this Plan. 
 6. Stock Appreciation Rights . The Committee may from time to time authorize grants to Participants of Stock Appreciation Rights. A Stock Appreciation Right is the right of the Participant to receive from the Company an amount, which shall be determined by the Committee and shall be expressed as a percentage (not exceeding 100 percent) of the difference between the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the Grant Date and the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of exercise. Any grant of Stock Appreciation Rights under this Plan shall be upon such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine in accordance with the following provisions: 
 (a) Any grant may specify that the amount payable upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right may be paid by the Company in cash, Shares or any combination thereof and may (i) either grant to the Participant or reserve to the Committee the right to elect among those alternatives or (ii) preclude the right of the Participant to receive and the Company to issue Shares or other equity securities in lieu of cash. 
 (b) Any grant may specify that the amount payable upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right shall not exceed a maximum specified by the Committee on the Grant Date. 
 (c) Each grant shall be evidenced by an agreement or other form of notice of the Award delivered to the Participant, which shall describe the subject Stock Appreciation Rights, state that the Stock Appreciation Rights are subject to all of the terms and 

 3 

conditions of this Plan and contain such other terms and provisions as the Committee may determine consistent with this Plan. 
 (d) Each grant shall specify in respect of each Stock Appreciation Right the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date. 
 (e) Successive grants may be made to the same Participant regardless of whether any Stock Appreciation Rights previously granted to such Participant remain unexercised. 
 (f) Each grant shall specify the period or periods of continuous employment (or, in the case of a nonemployee Director, service on the Board) of the Participant by the Company or any Subsidiary that are necessary before the Stock Appreciation Rights or installments thereof shall become exercisable, as well as the permissible dates or periods on or during which Stock Appreciation Rights shall be exercisable. Any grant may provide for the earlier exercise of such rights in the event of a change in control of the Company or other similar transaction or event or the Participant s termination of employment due to death, disability, or normal or early retirement. Without limitation of the foregoing but subject to the Committee s discretion to include a provision permitting earlier exercise in the event of a change in control of the Company or other similar transaction or event or the Participant s termination of employment due to death, disability, or normal or early retirement, no Stock Appreciation Right granted to an Employee on or after March 24, 2015 shall permit such Employee to exercise any portion of the Stock Appreciation Right prior to the one year anniversary of the Grant Date of the Stock Appreciation Right. 
 7. Restricted Shares . The Committee may from time to time authorize grants to Participants of one or more Restricted Shares upon such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine in accordance with the following provisions: 
 (a) Each grant shall constitute a transfer of the ownership of Shares to the Participant in consideration of the performance of services. 
 (b) Each grant may be made without additional consideration from the Participant or in consideration of a payment by the Participant that is less than the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date. 
 (c) Each grant may provide that the Restricted Shares covered thereby shall be subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Section 83 of the Code for a period to be determined by the Committee on the Grant Date, and any grant or sale may provide for the earlier termination of such risk of forfeiture in the event of a change in control of the Company or other similar transaction or event or the Participant s termination of employment due to death, disability, or normal or early retirement. Without limitation of the foregoing but subject to the Committee s discretion to include a provision permitting earlier exercise in the event of a change in control of the Company or other similar transaction or event or the Participant s termination of employment due to death, disability, or normal or early retirement, Restricted Shares granted to an Employee on or after March 24, 2015 shall be subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture for at least one year following the applicable Grant Date except for any performance awards to an Employee which is settled in Restricted Shares, for which the foregoing one year period shall be inclusive of any performance period with respect to such award combined with any period of a substantial risk of forfeiture. 
 (d) Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, an award of Restricted Shares shall entitle the Participant to dividend, voting and other ownership rights, during the period for which such substantial risk of forfeiture is to continue. 
 (e) Each grant shall provide that, during the period for which a substantial risk of forfeiture is to continue, the transferability of the Restricted Shares shall be prohibited or restricted in the manner and to the extent prescribed by the Committee on the Grant Date. Such restrictions may include, without limitation, rights of repurchase or first refusal in the Company or provisions subjecting the Restricted Shares to a continuing substantial risk of forfeiture in the hands of any transferee. 
 (f) Any grant or the vesting thereof may be conditioned upon or further conditioned upon the attainment of Performance Objectives during a Performance Period as established by the Committee. 
 (g) Any grant may require that any or all dividends or other distributions paid on the Restricted Shares during the period of such restrictions be automatically sequestered and reinvested on an immediate or deferred basis in additional Shares, which may be subject to the same restrictions as the underlying Award or such other restrictions as the Committee may determine. 
 (h) Each grant shall be evidenced by an agreement or other form of notice of the Award delivered to the Participant and containing such terms and provisions as the Committee may determine consistent with this Plan. Unless otherwise directed by the Committee, all certificates representing Restricted Shares, together with a stock power that shall be endorsed in blank by the 

 4 

Participant with respect to such Shares, shall be held in custody by the Company until all restrictions thereon lapse. 
 8. Restricted Share Units . The Committee may from time to time authorize grants of Restricted Share Units upon such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine in accordance with the following provisions: 
 (a) Each grant shall specify the number of Restricted Share Units to which it pertains, which may be subject to adjustment to reflect changes in compensation or other factors. 
 (b) The Performance Period with respect to each Restricted Share Unit, if any, may be subject to earlier termination in the event of a change in control of the Company or other similar transaction or event or the Participant s termination of employment due to death, disability, or normal or early retirement. 
 (c) Each grant may specify in respect of the specified Performance Objectives a minimum acceptable level of achievement below which no payment will be made and may set forth a formula for determining the amount of any payment to be made if performance is at or above such minimum acceptable level but falls short of the maximum achievement of the specified Performance Objectives. 
 (d) Each grant shall specify the time and manner of payment of Restricted Share Units that shall have been earned, and any grant may specify that any such amount may be paid by the Company in cash, Shares or any combination thereof and may either grant to the Participant or reserve to the Committee the right to elect among those alternatives. Without limitation of the foregoing but subject to the Committee s discretion to include a provision permitting earlier settlement in the event of a change in control of the Company or other similar transaction or event or the Participant s termination of employment due to death, disability, or normal or early retirement, Restricted Share Units granted to an Employee on or after March 24, 2015 shall not be settled for a period of at least one year following the applicable Grant Date except for any performance award to an Employee which is settled in Restricted Share Units, for which the foregoing one year period shall be inclusive of any performance period with respect to such award combined with any additional period prior to settlement. 
 (e) Any grant of Restricted Share Units may specify that the amount payable, or the number of Shares issued, with respect thereto may not exceed maximums specified by the Committee on the Grant Date. 
 (f) Any grant of Restricted Share Units may provide for the payment to the Participant of dividend equivalents thereon in cash or additional Shares on a current, deferred or contingent basis. 
 (g) If provided in the terms of the grant, the Committee may adjust Performance Objectives and the related minimum acceptable level of achievement if, in the sole judgment of the Committee, events or transactions have occurred after the Grant Date that are unrelated to the performance of the Participant and result in distortion of the Performance Objectives or the related minimum acceptable level of achievement. 
 (h) Each grant shall be evidenced by an agreement or other form of notice of the Award delivered to the Participant, which shall state that the Restricted Share Units are subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Plan and such other terms and provisions as the Committee may determine consistent with this Plan. 
 9. Other Stock-Based Awards . The Committee may from time to time authorize grants of Shares and other Awards that are payable in cash or Shares and are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise based in whole or in part on Shares or the value of Shares upon such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine in accordance with the following provisions: 
 (a) Each grant shall specify the number of Shares to which it pertains, which may be subject to adjustment to reflect changes in compensation or other factors. 
 (b) The Performance Period with respect to each Other Stock-Based Award, if any, may be subject to earlier termination in the event of a change in control of the Company or other similar transaction or event or the Participant s termination of employment due to death, disability, or normal or early retirement. 
 (c) Each grant may specify in respect of the specified Performance Objectives a minimum acceptable level of achievement below which no payment will be made and may set forth a formula for determining the amount of any payment to be made if 

 5 

performance is at or above such minimum acceptable level but falls short of the maximum achievement of the specified Performance Objectives. 
 (d) Each grant shall specify the time and manner of payment of Other Stock-Based Awards that shall have been earned, and any grant may specify that any such amount may be paid by the Company in cash, Shares or any combination thereof and may either grant to the Participant or reserve to the Committee the right to elect among those alternatives. Without limitation of the foregoing but subject to the Committee s discretion to include a provision permitting earlier exercise in the event of a change in control of the Company or other similar transaction or event or the Participant s termination of employment due to death, disability, or normal or early retirement, Other Stock-Based Awards shall not be settled for a period of at least one year following the applicable Grant Date except for any performance award to an Employee which is settled in Other Stock-Based Awards, for which the foregoing one year period shall be inclusive of any performance period with respect to such award combined with any additional period prior to settlement. 
 (e) Any grant of an Other Stock-Based Award may specify that the amount payable, or the number of Shares issued, with respect thereto may not exceed maximums specified by the Committee on the Grant Date. 
 (f) Any grant of an Other Stock-Based Award may provide for the payment to the Participant of dividend equivalents thereon in cash or additional Shares on a current, deferred or contingent basis. 
 (g) If provided in the terms of the grant, the Committee may adjust Performance Objectives and the related minimum acceptable level of achievement if, in the sole judgment of the Committee, events or transactions have occurred after the Grant Date that are unrelated to the performance of the Participant and result in distortion of the Performance Objectives or the related minimum acceptable level of achievement. 
 (h) Each grant shall be evidenced by an agreement or other form of notice of the Award delivered to the Participant, which shall state that the Other Stock-Based Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Plan and such other terms and provisions as the Committee may determine consistent with this Plan. 
 10. Transferability . (a) Except as provided in Section 10(b), no Award granted under this Plan shall be transferable by a Participant other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall be exercisable during a Participant s lifetime only by the Participant or, in the event of the Participant s legal incapacity, by his guardian or legal representative acting in a fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Participant under state law. Any attempt to transfer an Award in violation of this Plan shall render such Award null and void. 
 (b) The Committee may expressly provide in an Award agreement (or an amendment to an Award agreement) that a Participant may transfer such Award (other than an incentive stock option as defined in Section 422 of the Code), in whole or in part, to a spouse or lineal descendant (a Family Member ), a trust for the exclusive benefit of Family Members, a partnership or other entity in which all the beneficial owners are Family Members, or any other entity affiliated with the Participant that may be approved by the Committee. Subsequent transfers of Awards shall be prohibited except in accordance with this Section 10(b). All terms and conditions of the Award, including provisions relating to the termination of the Participant s employment or service with the Company or a Subsidiary, shall continue to apply following a transfer made in accordance with this Section 10(b). 
 (c) Any Award made under this Plan may provide that all or any part of the Shares that are (i) to be issued or transferred by the Company upon the exercise of Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or upon payment under any grant of Restricted Share Units, or (ii) no longer subject to the substantial risk of forfeiture and restrictions on transfer referred to in Section 7 of this Plan, shall be subject to further restrictions upon transfer. 
 11. Adjustments . The Committee shall make or provide for such adjustments in the (a) number of Shares covered by outstanding Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Shares and Restricted Share Units granted hereunder, (b) prices per share applicable to such Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, and (c) kind of Shares covered thereby, as the Committee in its sole discretion may in good faith determine to be equitably required in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights of Participants that otherwise would result from (x) any stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization or other change in the capital structure of the Company, (y) any merger, consolidation, spin-off, spin-out, split-off, split-up, reorganization, or partial or complete liquidation or other distribution of 

 6 

assets (other than a normal cash dividend), or (z) any other event which would constitute an equity restructuring (as contemplated pursuant to the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder). Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee may make or provide for such adjustments in the (a) number of Shares covered by outstanding Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Shares and Restricted Share Units granted hereunder, (b) prices per share applicable to such Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, and (c) kind of Shares covered thereby, as the Committee in its sole discretion may in good faith determine to be equitably required in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights of Participants that otherwise would result from (x) any combination or exchange of Shares, (y) any issuance of rights or warrants to purchase securities or (z) any other corporate transaction or event having an effect similar to any of the foregoing. Moreover, in the event of any such transaction or event, the Committee may provide in substitution for any or all outstanding Awards under this Plan such alternative consideration as it may in good faith determine to be equitable under the circumstances and may require in connection therewith the surrender of all Awards so replaced. The Committee may also make or provide for such adjustments in the number of Shares specified in Section 3 of this Plan as the Committee in its sole discretion may in good faith determine to be appropriate in order to reflect any transaction or event described in this Section 11. Any actions taken under this Section 11 shall be made in accordance with any applicable provisions of Section 409A of the Code, including without limitation restrictions with regard to the adjustment of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights that are considered exempt from Section 409A of the Code. 
 12. Fractional Shares . The Company shall not issue any fractional Shares pursuant to this Plan and shall settle any such fractional Shares in cash. 
 13. Withholding Taxes . To the extent that the Company is required to withhold federal, state, local or foreign taxes in connection with any payment made or benefit realized by a Participant or other person under this Plan, it shall be a condition to the receipt of such payment or the realization of such benefit that the Participant or such other person make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of all such taxes required to be withheld. At the discretion of the Committee, such arrangements may include relinquishment of a portion of such benefit. 
 14. Certain Terminations of Employment, Hardship and Approved Leaves of Absence . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, in the event of termination of employment by reason of death, disability, normal retirement, early retirement with the consent of the Company or leave of absence approved by the Company, or in the event of hardship or other special circumstances, of a Participant who holds an Option or Stock Appreciation Right that is not immediately and fully exercisable, any Restricted Shares as to which the substantial risk of forfeiture or the prohibition or restriction on transfer has not lapsed, any Restricted Share Units that have not been fully earned, or any Shares that are subject to any transfer restriction pursuant to Section 10(c) of this Plan, the Committee may in its sole discretion take any action that it deems to be equitable under the circumstances or in the best interests of the Company, including, without limitation, waiving or modifying any limitation or requirement with respect to any Award under this Plan. 
 15. Foreign Employees . In order to facilitate the making of any grant or combination of grants under this Plan, the Committee may provide for such special terms for Awards to Participants who are foreign nationals, or who are employed by the Company or any Subsidiary outside of the United States of America, as the Committee may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local law, tax policy or custom. Moreover, the Committee may approve such supplements to, or amendments, restatements or alternative versions of, this Plan as it may consider necessary or appropriate for such purposes without thereby affecting the terms of this Plan as in effect for any other purpose, provided that no such supplements, amendments, restatements or alternative versions shall include any provisions that are inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, as then in effect, unless this Plan could have been amended to eliminate such inconsistency without further approval by the stockholders of the Company. 
 16. Amendments and Other Matters . 
 (a) This Plan may be amended from time to time by the Board, but no such amendment shall increase any of the limitations specified in Section 3 of this Plan, other than to reflect an adjustment made in accordance with Section 11, without the further approval of the stockholders of the Company. 
 (b) The Committee shall not re-price any Option or Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan or purchase, cancel or buy out an underwater Option or Stock Appreciation Right, except with the approval of the affirmative vote of the majority of Shares voting at a meeting of the Company s stockholders. 
 (c) This Plan shall not confer upon any Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with the Company or any Subsidiary and shall not interfere in any way with any right that the Company or any Subsidiary would 

 7 

otherwise have to terminate any Participant s employment or other service at any time. 
 (d) To the extent that any provision of this Plan would prevent any Option that was intended to qualify under particular provisions of the Code from so qualifying, such provision of this Plan shall be null and void with respect to such Option, provided that such provision shall remain in effect with respect to other Options, and there shall be no further effect on any provision of this Plan. 
 17. Effective Date and Stockholder Approval . This Plan (a) was originally approved by the Board on July 27, 2004 and became effective upon its approval by the stockholders of the Company on October 4, 2004; (b) was subsequently amended by the Board on August 3, 2006 and, giving effect to the amendment referenced in clause (c) below, was approved by the stockholders of the Company on October 10, 2006; (c) was amended by the Board on September 26, 2006; (d) was thereafter amended by the Board on March 26, 2009, and subsequently approved by the stockholders of the Company on June 15, 2009; (3) was thereafter amended by the Board on March 27, 2014, and subsequently approved by the stockholders of the Company on June 18, 2014; and (4) was thereafter amended by the Board on March 24, 2015. This Plan as herein amended and restated shall become effective upon its approval by the stockholders of the Company on June 14, 2022. 
 18. Governing Law . The validity, construction and effect of this Plan and any Award hereunder will be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia. 
 19. Section 409A of the Code . Except as otherwise may be provided in an agreement evidencing a grant, all Awards under the Plan are intended to be exempt under Section 409A of the Code. It is the intent of the Company that the operation and administration of the Plan and all agreements evidencing Awards under the Plan not cause the acceleration of taxation, or the imposition of penalty taxes or interest, under Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award agreement to the contrary, if a Participant is a specified employee as such term is used in Section 409A of the Code, then any payment to the Participant described in the Plan or an Award agreement upon his or her termination of employment that is not exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code that is payable on account of separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), and that is otherwise payable within 6 months after Participant s separation from service, shall instead be made on the date 6 months after such separation from service. 

 8 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-21>
 4
 oxm-20230128xex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC. The following table lists each subsidiary of Oxford Industries, Inc. indented under the name of its immediate parent, the percentage of each subsidiary s voting securities beneficially owned by its immediate parent and the jurisdiction under the laws of which each subsidiary was organized: 

Name of Voting Securities Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Oxford Industries, Inc. Camisas Bahia Kino S.A. de C.V. 100 Mexico Industrias Lanier de Honduras S. de R.L. 50 (1) Honduras JW Holdings, LLC 100 Delaware Manufacturera de Sonora, S.A. de CV 99 (2) Mexico Oxford Caribbean, Inc. 100 Delaware Oxford de Colon, S.A. 100 Costa Rica Oxford Garment, Inc. 100 Delaware Oxford International, Inc. 100 Georgia Oxford REH, LLC 100 Georgia Oxford of South Carolina, Inc. 100 South Carolina Oxford Products (International) Limited 99.99 (3) Hong Kong Servicios de Manufactura de M rida, S. de R.L. de C.V. 99.9 (4) Mexico Sugartown Worldwide LLC 100 Delaware The Beaufort Bonnet Company, LLC 100 Kentucky Tommy Bahama Group, Inc. 100 Delaware Viewpoint Marketing, Inc. 100 Florida JW Holdings, LLC Johnny Was, LLC 100 Delaware Oxford Caribbean, Inc. Q.R. Fashions S. de R.L. 100 Honduras Oxford Products (International) Limited Industrias Oxford de Merida, S.A. de CV 99 (5) Mexico Oxford Industries (UK2) Limited 75 (6) United Kingdom Oxford Philippines, Inc. 96.25 (7) Philippines Tommy Bahama Global Sourcing Limited 100 Hong Kong Oxford of South Carolina, Inc. GCP Southern Tide Coinvest, Inc. 100 Delaware S/T Group Blocker, Inc. 100 Delaware S/T Group Blocker, Inc. S/T Group Holdings, LLC 50 (8) Delaware S/T Group Holdings, LLC Southern Tide, LLC 100 South Carolina Tommy Bahama Beverages, LLC Tommy Bahama Texas Beverages, LLC 100 Texas Tommy Bahama Global Sourcing Limited Tommy Bahama Australia Pty Ltd 100 Australia Tommy Bahama Canada ULC 100 Canada Tommy Bahama K. K. 100 Japan Tommy Bahama Limited 100 Hong Kong Tommy Bahama Trading (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 100 China Tommy Bahama Group, Inc. Tommy Bahama R R Holdings, Inc. 100 Delaware Tommy Bahama R R Holdings, Inc. Tommy Bahama Beverages, LLC 100 Delaware 
 
 (1) 50 of the voting securities of Industrias Lanier de Honduras S. de R.L. is owned by Oxford Caribbean, Inc. (2) 1 of the voting securities of Manufacturera de Sonora, S.A. de CV is owned by Oxford International, Inc. (3) One share of the voting securities of Oxford Products (International) Limited is owned by Oxford International, Inc. Oxford Products (International) Limited has 150,000 shares issued and outstanding. (4) 0.1 of the voting securities of Servicios de Manufactura de M rida, S. de R.L. de C.V. is owned by Oxford International, Inc. (5) 1 of the voting securities of Industrias Oxford de Merida, S.A. de CV is owned by Oxford Industries, Inc. (6) Approximately 25 of the voting securities of Oxford Industries (UK2) Limited is owned by Oxford Industries, Inc. (7) 3.74 of the voting securities of Oxford Philippines, Inc. is owned by Oxford Industries, Inc. Nominal ownership interests of certain of the voting securities of Oxford Philippines, Inc. are owned by various individuals. (8) 48 of the voting securities of S/T Group Holdings, LLC is owned by Oxford of South Carolina, Inc. and 2 of the voting securities of S/T Group Holdings, LLC is owned by GCP Southern Tide Coinvest, Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 oxm-20230128xex23.htm
 EX-23

Exhibit 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: (1) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-121538 and 333-161902) pertaining to the Oxford Industries, Inc. Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, (2) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-121535 and 333-161904) pertaining to the Oxford Industries, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-130010) pertaining to the Oxford Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan; of our reports dated March 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Oxford Industries, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Oxford Industries, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Oxford Industries, Inc. for the year ended January 28, 2023. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Atlanta, Georgia March 27, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 6
 oxm-20230128xex24.htm
 EX-24

Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned, a director of Oxford Industries, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby constitute and appoint each of Mary Margaret Heaton, Suraj A. Palakshappa and Caroline Wood, or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact for me and in my name for the purpose of executing on my behalf in any and all capacities the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, or any amendment or supplement thereto, and causing such Annual Report or any such amendment or supplement to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ). In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to execute on my behalf in my capacity as a director of the Company subject to the reporting requirements of the Act, all Forms required to be filed by me under the Act, including Forms 4 and 5, in accordance with the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts on my behalf which may be necessary or desirable to complete, execute and timely file any such Forms with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange or similar authority. 

/s/ Helen Ballard Helen Ballard Date: March 23, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned, a director of Oxford Industries, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby constitute and appoint each of Mary Margaret Heaton, Suraj A. Palakshappa and Caroline Wood, or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact for me and in my name for the purpose of executing on my behalf in any and all capacities the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, or any amendment or supplement thereto, and causing such Annual Report or any such amendment or supplement to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ). In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to execute on my behalf in my capacity as a director of the Company subject to the reporting requirements of the Act, all Forms required to be filed by me under the Act, including Forms 4 and 5, in accordance with the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts on my behalf which may be necessary or desirable to complete, execute and timely file any such Forms with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange or similar authority. 

/s/ Virginia A. Hepner Virginia A. Hepner Date: March 22, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned, a director of Oxford Industries, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby constitute and appoint each of Mary Margaret Heaton, Suraj A. Palakshappa and Caroline Wood, or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact for me and in my name for the purpose of executing on my behalf in any and all capacities the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, or any amendment or supplement thereto, and causing such Annual Report or any such amendment or supplement to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ). In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to execute on my behalf in my capacity as a director of the Company subject to the reporting requirements of the Act, all Forms required to be filed by me under the Act, including Forms 4 and 5, in accordance with the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts on my behalf which may be necessary or desirable to complete, execute and timely file any such Forms with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange or similar authority. 

/s/ John R. Holder John R. Holder Date: March 22, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned, a director of Oxford Industries, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby constitute and appoint each of Mary Margaret Heaton, Suraj A. Palakshappa and Caroline Wood, or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact for me and in my name for the purpose of executing on my behalf in any and all capacities the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, or any amendment or supplement thereto, and causing such Annual Report or any such amendment or supplement to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ). In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to execute on my behalf in my capacity as a director of the Company subject to the reporting requirements of the Act, all Forms required to be filed by me under the Act, including Forms 4 and 5, in accordance with the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts on my behalf which may be necessary or desirable to complete, execute and timely file any such Forms with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange or similar authority. 

/s/ Stephen S. Lanier Stephen S. Lanier Date: March 22, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned, a director of Oxford Industries, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby constitute and appoint each of Mary Margaret Heaton, Suraj A. Palakshappa and Caroline Wood, or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact for me and in my name for the purpose of executing on my behalf in any and all capacities the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, or any amendment or supplement thereto, and causing such Annual Report or any such amendment or supplement to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ). In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to execute on my behalf in my capacity as a director of the Company subject to the reporting requirements of the Act, all Forms required to be filed by me under the Act, including Forms 4 and 5, in accordance with the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts on my behalf which may be necessary or desirable to complete, execute and timely file any such Forms with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange or similar authority. 

/s/ Dennis M. Love Dennis M. Love Date: March 22, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned, a director of Oxford Industries, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby constitute and appoint each of Mary Margaret Heaton, Suraj A. Palakshappa and Caroline Wood, or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact for me and in my name for the purpose of executing on my behalf in any and all capacities the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, or any amendment or supplement thereto, and causing such Annual Report or any such amendment or supplement to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ). In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to execute on my behalf in my capacity as a director of the Company subject to the reporting requirements of the Act, all Forms required to be filed by me under the Act, including Forms 4 and 5, in accordance with the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts on my behalf which may be necessary or desirable to complete, execute and timely file any such Forms with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange or similar authority. 

/s/ Milford W. McGuirt Milford W. McGuirt Date: March 22, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned, a director of Oxford Industries, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby constitute and appoint each of Mary Margaret Heaton, Suraj A. Palakshappa and Caroline Wood, or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact for me and in my name for the purpose of executing on my behalf in any and all capacities the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, or any amendment or supplement thereto, and causing such Annual Report or any such amendment or supplement to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ). In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to execute on my behalf in my capacity as a director of the Company subject to the reporting requirements of the Act, all Forms required to be filed by me under the Act, including Forms 4 and 5, in accordance with the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts on my behalf which may be necessary or desirable to complete, execute and timely file any such Forms with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange or similar authority. 

/s/ Clarence H. Smith Clarence H. Smith Date: March 26, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned, a director of Oxford Industries, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby constitute and appoint each of Mary Margaret Heaton, Suraj A. Palakshappa and Caroline Wood, or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact for me and in my name for the purpose of executing on my behalf in any and all capacities the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, or any amendment or supplement thereto, and causing such Annual Report or any such amendment or supplement to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ). In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to execute on my behalf in my capacity as a director of the Company subject to the reporting requirements of the Act, all Forms required to be filed by me under the Act, including Forms 4 and 5, in accordance with the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts on my behalf which may be necessary or desirable to complete, execute and timely file any such Forms with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange or similar authority. 

/s/ Clyde C. Tuggle Clyde C. Tuggle Date: March 24, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned, a director of Oxford Industries, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby constitute and appoint each of Mary Margaret Heaton, Suraj A. Palakshappa and Caroline Wood, or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact for me and in my name for the purpose of executing on my behalf in any and all capacities the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, or any amendment or supplement thereto, and causing such Annual Report or any such amendment or supplement to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ). In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to execute on my behalf in my capacity as a director of the Company subject to the reporting requirements of the Act, all Forms required to be filed by me under the Act, including Forms 4 and 5, in accordance with the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts on my behalf which may be necessary or desirable to complete, execute and timely file any such Forms with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange or similar authority. 

/s/ E. Jenner Wood III E. Jenner Wood III Date: March 22, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned, a director of Oxford Industries, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby constitute and appoint each of Mary Margaret Heaton, Suraj A. Palakshappa and Caroline Wood, or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact for me and in my name for the purpose of executing on my behalf in any and all capacities the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, or any amendment or supplement thereto, and causing such Annual Report or any such amendment or supplement to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ). In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to execute on my behalf in my capacity as a director of the Company subject to the reporting requirements of the Act, all Forms required to be filed by me under the Act, including Forms 4 and 5, in accordance with the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition, each such attorney-in-fact shall have full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts on my behalf which may be necessary or desirable to complete, execute and timely file any such Forms with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and any stock exchange or similar authority. 

/s/ Carol B. Yancey Carol B. Yancey Date: March 22, 2023 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 oxm-20230128xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Thomas C. Chubb III, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Oxford Industries, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 /s/ THOMAS C. CHUBB III Thomas C. Chubb III Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 oxm-20230128xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, K. Scott Grassmyer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Oxford Industries, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 /s/ K. SCOTT GRASSMYER K. Scott Grassmyer Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 oxm-20230128xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Oxford Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Thomas C. Chubb III, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, and I, K. Scott Grassmyer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ THOMAS C. CHUBB III Thomas C. Chubb III Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) March 27, 2023 /s/ K. SCOTT GRASSMYER K. Scott Grassmyer Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 27, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 oxm-20230128.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 oxm-20230128_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 oxm-20230128_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 oxm-20230128_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

