<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_912767_0001558370-23-002546.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18410571</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>216709</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2301322</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7243285</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3110534</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4998409</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002546.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301150036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002546
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UFP INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912767
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAWMILLS, PLANNING MILLS, GENERAL [2421]
		IRS NUMBER:				381465835
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22684
		FILM NUMBER:		23692823

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2801 EAST BELTLINE NE
		CITY:			GRAND RAPIDS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49525
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6163646161

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2801 EAST BELTLINE NE
		CITY:			GRAND RAPIDS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49505

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNIVERSAL FOREST PRODUCTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930929

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002546.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 ufpi-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. For the fiscal year ended . OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. For the transition period of ____ to _____. Commission File No.: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered The Global Select Market Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files) No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with a new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (i.e. excluding shares held by executive officers, directors, and control persons as defined in Rule 405, 17 CFR 230.405) on June 24, 2022 (which was the last trading day of the registrant s second quarter in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022) was computed at the closing price of 67.35 on that date. As of February 4, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, 1 par value, were outstanding. Documents incorporated by reference: (1) Certain portions of the registrant s Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 are incorporated by reference into Part I and II of this Report. (2) Certain portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report. Exhibit Index located on page E-18. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K DECEMBER 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I Item 1. Business. 2 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 7 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 9 Item 2. Properties. 9 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 12 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 12 Additional item: Executive Officers of the Registrant. 12 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 13 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 13 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 13 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 13 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 14 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 14 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 14 Item 9B. Other Information. 15 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 15 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 15 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 15 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 16 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 16 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 16 
 1 

PART I Item 1. Business. General Development of the Business. UFP Industries, Inc. we or our is a holding company with subsidiaries throughout North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia that supply products primarily manufactured from wood, wood and non-wood composites, and other materials to three markets: retail, packaging, and construction. We are headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan. For more information about UFP Industries, Inc., or our affiliated operations, go to www.ufpi.com. Information relating to current developments in our business is incorporated by reference from our Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 ("2022 Annual Report") under the caption "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Selected portions of the 2022 Annual Report are filed as Exhibit 13 with this Form 10-K Report. Financial Information About Segments. ASC 280, Segment Reporting ASC 280 defines operating segments as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Our business segments consist of UFP Retail Solutions, UFP Packaging and UFP Construction and align with the end markets we serve. Among other things, this structure allows for a more specialized and consistent sales approach among Company operations, more efficient use of resources and capital, and quicker introduction of new products and services. We manage the operations of our individual locations primarily through a market-centered reporting structure under which each location is included in a business unit and business units are included in our Retail, Packaging, and Construction segments. The exception to this market-centered reporting and management structure is our International segment, which comprises our Mexico, Canada, Europe, Asia and Australia operations and sales and buying offices in other parts of the world. Our International segment and Ardellis (our insurance captive) are referred to as All Other throughout this report. The Corporate segment includes purchasing, transportation and administrative functions that serve our operating segments. Operating results of Corporate primarily consists of over (under) allocated costs, the operating results of UFP Real Estate, Inc., which owns and leases real estate, and UFP Transportation Ltd., which owns, leases and operates transportation equipment, are also included in Corporate. Inter-company lease and services charges are assessed to our operating segments for the use of these assets and services at fair market value rates. Narrative Description of Business. Historically, we owned and operated a number of manufacturing facilities across North America that served our various markets, and we managed those operations primarily on a geographic basis. As part of that structure, the managers of those facilities and geographic business units were responsible for and compensated on the basis of each facility's, unit's, and region's respective financial performance. This structure fostered a strong entrepreneurial and sales culture, as well as significant revenue growth from 2011 to 2019 our revenues increased from 1.8 billion to 4.4 billion. We believe that the duration of our relationships with many of our customers, which extend over several decades with certain key customers, is a reflection of our strong sales culture and intense focus on providing custom solutions. 
 2 

Our growth, including the growth in the size and number of our customers, generated increased demand for a deeper understanding of the markets we serve as well as the need to offer more complete solutions, services, and products for existing and prospective customers. As a result, effective January 1, 2020, we restructured the manner in which we manage our business and serve our customers, prompting the formation of three business segments: Retail Solutions, Packaging, and Construction. This restructuring, focused on our markets, is intended to allow us to better serve our customers, recognize and exploit market opportunities, enhance the efficiency of our operations, and improve the deployment of capital. At the same time, we continue to maintain our existing compensation philosophy and practices of rewarding the financial performance of our plants, business units, and segments, based upon pre-bonus operating profits and return on investment, to preserve our strong entrepreneurial and sales culture. Our business segments are functionally interdependent and are supported by common corporate services, such as accounting and finance, information technology, human resources, legal and compliance, and others. We regularly invest in automation and create best practices to improve the efficiency of our manufacturing facilities across each of the segments. The results and improvements from these investments are shared among the segments. This exchange of improvements and ideas has also prompted better and faster innovation for new products, processes, and product improvements. Importantly, the restructuring allows us to better evaluate market conditions and opportunities and more effectively allocate capital and resources to the appropriate segments and business units. Also, we believe that the diversification and manner in which we operate our business provides an inherent hedge against the inevitable business cycles that our markets experience and over which we have little control. Accordingly, our goal is to provide more stable earnings and cash flows to our shareholders. Our diversification and operating practices also mitigate the impact of more volatile lumber market conditions experienced by traditional lumber companies. Retail Solutions segment . Our Retail Solutions segment is comprised of the following business units: ProWood, Sunbelt, Deckorators and UFP-Edge. The Retail Solutions segment is focused on distinct product offerings which are grouped by brands and business units. These groupings may change periodically as opportunities to gain efficiencies or development of bigger scale and synergy products are created. ProWood and Sunbelt . Our ProWood and Sunbelt business units manufacture and sell treated lumber products, including decking, fencing, lattice and similar products, as well as decorative and functional lawn and garden products. These business units include our branded ProWood line of pressure-treated and fire retardant products used primarily for outdoor decking environments, including associated accessories. It also includes our branded Outdoor Essentials line of lawn and garden products, consisting of wood and vinyl fencing options, garden beds and planters, pergolas, picnic tables, and other landscaping products. These business units also manufacture and sell commodity based lumber primarily to independent, retail lumber yards. Deckorators . This business unit includes the manufacture of wood plastic composite and our patented mineral based, composite decking and related decking accessories, including non-wood railing systems, balusters, post caps, and similar products, as well as customized, non-wood fencing. UFP-Edge . This business unit manufactures and sells exterior siding, pattern, trim and facia products. These products include traditional wood, engineered wood and modified wood siding with a variety of finish and profile alternatives as well as primed wood trim boards and facia. It also includes interior pattern and trim products, as well as pre-painted and primed shiplap and project boards. We are not aware of any competitor that currently manufactures, treats and distributes a full line of both value-added and commodity-based products on a national basis as we do within this segment. We face competition on individual products from several different producers; however, the majority of these competitors tend to be regional in their efforts and/or do not offer the full line of products that are available from us. We believe the breadth of our product offering, scale and geographic dispersion, proximity of our plants to core customers, product innovation initiatives, purchasing and manufacturing expertise, and service capabilities provide competitive advantages in this market. We estimate we produce approximately 28 of all residential treated wood, 5-6 of all composite decking and accessories, and 9 of all wood and vinyl fencing in the United States. 
 3 

We supply customers in this segment from many of our locations. Our facilities are able to supply mixed truckloads of products that can be delivered to customers with rapid turnaround from receipt of an order. Freight costs are a factor in the ability to competitively service this market, especially with treated wood products because of their heavier weight. The proximity of our regional facilities to the various outlets of these customers is a factor when developing and establishing annual sales programs. This segment services two of our largest customers, The Home Depot and Lowes, which accounted for approximately 15 and 11 , respectively, of our total net sales in fiscal 2022, 16 and 10 , respectively, in 2021, and 24 and 4 , respectively, in 2020. See Note M "Segment Reporting" of the registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for our disaggregated net sales by business unit for our Retail Solutions segment. Packaging segment . Formerly known as our Industrial segment, this segment is comprised of the following business units: Structural Packaging, PalletOne, and Protective Packaging Solutions. Structural Packaging . This business unit designs, engineers, manufactures and tests custom packaging products primarily made of wood. These products are custom designed and manufactured based upon specific customer needs and requirements. We serve a wide variety of regional, national, and global customers in several end markets (also referred to by us as "runways") such as durable goods, household goods, agricultural, moving and storage, heavy equipment and automotive. We utilize combinations of various materials through industrial engineering and testing to promote the best value and functionality for our customers. PalletOne . This business unit designs and manufactures pallets primarily made out of wood and heat-treated wood. Our pallets are designed and manufactured in numerous sizes and compositions and are used by our customers for shipping a wide assortment of consumer and industrial products. This business unit also includes a large recycling operation of previously used pallets. Protective Packaging Solutions . This business unit consists of a wide variety of products and solutions, such as corrugate, foam, labels, strapping and films. These products are primarily sold as additional offerings to our structural packaging products and pallets and are generally sold as a means of providing a more complete solution to our customers' packaging desires and requirements. Over the last five years, we have added additional products and services to this business unit to meet the increasing demand of our customers to provide innovative solutions to their packaging and shipping needs. Competition in our structural packaging and PalletOne business units is fragmented and includes numerous suppliers of wood components convenient to the customer. We service this segment with our dedicated regional and national sales teams. We believe we currently supply approximately 15 of all domestic customized structural packaging and have a 10 market share of new machine-built wood pallets. Our Protective Packaging business unit includes recent acquisitions: Advantage Label, Titan Corrugated, and All Boxed Up. We plan to continue to acquire companies with capabilities and product expertise that enhance our ability to offer valuable packaging solutions to our customers. See Note M "Segment Reporting" of the registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for our disaggregated net sales by business unit for our Packaging segment. Construction segment. Our construction segment is comprised of the following business units Factory-Built Housing, Site-Built Construction, Commercial Construction, and Concrete Forming. 
 4 

Factory-Built Housing . This business unit designs and manufactures roof trusses, lumber cut and shaped to the customer's specification, plywood, oriented strand board and dimensional lumber, all intended for use in the construction of manufactured housing. Our customers in this market are producers of mobile, modular and prefabricated homes and, to a lesser extent, recreational vehicles (RV). Our principal competitive advantages include our product knowledge, the strength of our engineering support services, the proximity of our regional facilities to our customers, our purchasing and manufacturing expertise and our ability to provide national sales programs to certain customers. As a result of these advantages, we estimate we produce approximately 45 of all roof trusses used in factory-built housing in the United States. We also distribute products such as siding, electrical, plumbing, and many other specialty products to factory-built housing and RV customers. Site-Built Construction . This business unit designs and manufactures roof and floor trusses, wall panels, I-joists and lumber packages as well as engineered wood components used to frame residential and light commercial projects. We have recently begun to manufacture and sell alternate materials components such as metal trusses, sheathed and pre-finished light gauge metal wall panels and aluminum decks and rail accessories. Our customers in this market are primarily large-volume, multi-tract builders and smaller volume custom builders. We also supply builders engaged in multi-family and light commercial construction. We currently estimate that approximately 75 of the unit's business is for single-family homes while 25 is for multi-family structures. Competition consists of a number of national and regional building products dealers who also manufacture components and/or provide framing services, as well as many regional manufacturers of engineered wood components. We believe our primary competitive advantages relate to the engineering and design capabilities of our staff, purchasing and manufacturing expertise, product quality, timeliness of delivery, and financial strength, as well as providing a comprehensive turn-key package, including installation in selected markets. As a result of these strengths, we estimate we produce approximately 6 of all engineered wood components used in housing in the United States. Generally, terms of sale and pricing are determined based on contracts we entered into with our customers. We currently supply customers in these markets from manufacturing facilities located in many different states, primarily located in the non-urban Northeast, mid-Atlantic, Southeast, Texas, and Colorado. We have intentionally avoided markets that have experienced more severe volatility and demand for housing. Also, the states in which we have a presence are currently benefiting from recent population migration trends in the United States. Freight costs are a factor in the ability to competitively service this market due to the space requirements of these products on each truckload. We also provide framing services for builders in certain regional markets in which we erect the wood structure. Commercial Construction . Our commercial construction business unit primarily includes the operations of idX Holdings, Inc. ("idX"). idX is a designer, manufacturer and installer of highly customized interior fixtures, casework and millwork used in a variety of retail and commercial structures representing several end markets. This business unit serves customers throughout North America and to a lesser extent, Asia, in runways such as healthcare, hospitality, quick service restaurants, retail, and financial. We believe that we have a market share of approximately 3 of the total domestic and architectural millwork market. Concrete Forming . This business unit designs, manufactures and supplies wood forms and related products that are used by our customers to set or form concrete for various structures, including large parking garages, stadiums, bridges, water treatment plants, and other large infrastructure projects. Our customers in this business unit include general contractors as well as distributors. See Note M "Segment Reporting" of the registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for our disaggregated net sales by business unit for our Construction segment. UFP Purchasing/Suppliers . We are one of the largest domestic buyers of solid sawn softwood lumber from primary producers (lumber mills). For 2022, we estimate that we purchased approximately 7 of the 53 billion board feet of North America softwood production. Our purchasing team manages and purchases wood fiber for each of our segments. The significance of our volume and variety of lumber dimensions purchased allows us to consume substantially all of what many of our mill suppliers produce. This has allowed us to maintain long-term relationships with many of those suppliers. In turn, this has allowed us to better manage our raw materials inventory (including managed inventory), lower our costs, and mitigate the volatility of lumber prices. 
 5 

We use primarily southern yellow pine in our pressure-treating operations and site-built component plants in the Southeastern United States. Southern yellow pine is sourced from mills located throughout the states comprising the Sunbelt. Other species we use include "spruce-pine-fir" from various provinces in Canada; hemlock, douglas fir and cedar from the Pacific Northwest; inland species of pine, plantation grown radiata and southern yellow pines from South America; and European spruce. During 2022 our annual purchases of lumber totaled approximately 3.0 billion and consisted of the following species and their respective percent of total lumber purchases: southern yellow pine (60 ), spruce-pine-fir (19 ), and douglas fir (4 ), while the remaining 17 of lumber purchases comprise various other species and imports outside of North America. Additionally, we purchased approximately 911.2 million in plywood in 2022. There are numerous primary producers for all varieties we use, and we are not dependent on any particular source of supply. Intellectual Property . We own numerous patents and have several patents pending on technologies related to our business. In addition, we own numerous registered trademarks and claim common law trademark rights to several others. As we develop proprietary brands, we may pursue registration or other formal protection. While we believe our patent and trademark rights are valuable, the loss of a patent or any trademark would not be likely to have a material adverse impact on our competitive position. Backlog . Due to the nature of our retail and industrial businesses, backlog information is not meaningful. The maximum time between receipt of a firm order and shipment does not usually exceed a few days. Therefore, we would not normally have a backlog of unfilled orders in a material amount. The relationships with our major customers are such that we are either the exclusive supplier of certain products and/or certain geographic areas, or the designated source for a specified portion of the customer's requirements. In such cases, either we are able to forecast the customer's requirements, or the customer may provide an estimate of its future needs. In neither case, however, will we receive firm orders until just prior to the anticipated delivery dates for the products in question. On December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, we estimate that backlog orders associated with our customized interior fixture businesses approximated 136.7 million and 84.6 million, respectively. On December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, we estimate that backlog orders associated with our site-built construction businesses approximated 91.1 million and 113.5 million, respectively. We expect that the orders above will be primarily filled within the next fiscal year; however, it is possible that some orders could be canceled. Environmental . Information required for environmental disclosures is incorporated by reference from Note L of the Consolidated Financial Statements presented under Item 8 herein. Seasonality . Information required for seasonality disclosures is incorporated by reference from Item 1A. Risk Factors under the caption Seasonality and weather conditions could adversely affect us . Human Capital Management . On December 31, 2022, we had approximately 15,500 employees. For over 65 years, the success of our company has rested on the skill, motivation and performance of our employees. We treat our people honestly and fairly, creating career paths and training opportunities to develop and expand their scope of responsibilities and financial rewards. This approach to human capital, which is embedded in the Company's culture, has fostered an environment where our employees often commit their respective careers to UFP Industries, Inc. Environmental, Social, and Governance . Matters of sustainability, health and safety, employee welfare, supply chain management, and community engagement are managed by our executive team, with oversight from our Nominating and Corporate Governance, and Personnel and Compensation Committees. We will share our ESG Report in March of 2023, by publishing on our website, in which we will detail our current state as well as our future outlook. Our manufacturing operations have a long history of environmental stewardship through efficiency and energy savings, waste management, and responsible product sourcing. We quantify our Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and are committed to disclosing our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions in 2023. 
 6 

We are driven by operational excellence throughout the enterprise and by cultivating a unique culture that provides significant opportunity for professional and personal growth. In managing our human capital, we have focused our efforts on employee health and safety, equal opportunity for all, and learning and development. At UFP we welcome all who are willing to work hard. We do not discriminate in hiring, promotion, or opportunity we believe the best performers should be rewarded commensurately. We prefer hiring people with potential and helping them grow and achieve their goals within our company. To provide opportunity to a broader base of our teammates we removed the requirement of a 4-year degree for sales and management positions and give credit for work experience. We use our internal training programs and UFP Business School to help employees gain functional knowledge and hone the skills and competencies that allow them advancement to greater roles and responsibilities. We have a long history of supporting talented and hard-working employees go from factory floor to management, sales and operations roles. These transformations require diligence and dedication, and they demonstrate that regardless of background, our teammates at UFP have a chance to make a better life for themselves and their families. We also recognize the need to hire talented individuals from outside the company who bring special expertise and innovative skills to UFP. Available Information. Our Internet address is www.ufpi.com. Through our Internet website under "Financial Information" in the Investor Relations section, we make available free of charge, as soon as reasonably practical after such information has been filed with the SEC, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act. Also available through our Internet website under "Corporate Governance" in the Investor Relations section is our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers. Reports to Security Holders. Not applicable. Enforceability of Civil Liabilities Against Foreign Persons. Not applicable. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Pressures from various macroeconomic events, including recessionary concerns, heightened inflation, increased interest rates, rising energy prices, supply chain disruptions, and repercussions from the Russia-Ukraine war, have created, and continue to create, significant economic uncertainty and could materially and adversely impact our financial performance. The extent to which these macroeconomic pressures may impact our business, results of operations, costs and financial condition will depend on future developments, which continue to be highly uncertain and difficult to predict. While we have planned for and anticipate a mild U.S. recession in 2023, any one or more of the above macroeconomic factors could result in a more severe and longer recessionary cycle, which would have an adverse and potentially material impact on our business and financial performance. We may be impacted by a significant change in the value of the U.S. dollar and our results of operations may be harmed by currency fluctuations and inflation. We purchase a variety of raw materials and finished goods from sources around the world and export certain products. The impact of a change in U.S. dollar exchange rates, and inflation, would impact our import purchases and export sales, which totaled 761.1 million and 323.9 million, respectively, in 2022. In addition, many of our packaging customers export their products; consequently, any adverse impact on those customers from currency fluctuations and inflation may have an adverse impact on our sales to those customers. Our growth may be limited by the customer demand in the markets we serve, including our construction market which is highly cyclical. Our sales growth is dependent, in part, upon the growth of the markets we serve. If our markets do not achieve anticipated growth, or if we fail to maintain our market share, financial results could be impaired. 
 7 

We are subject to fluctuations in the price of lumber . We experience significant fluctuations in the cost of commodity lumber products from primary producers (the "Lumber Market"). A variety of factors over which we have no control, including government and environmental regulations, weather conditions, economic conditions, and natural disasters, impact the cost of lumber products and our selling prices. While we attempt to minimize our risk from severe price fluctuations, substantial, prolonged trends in lumber prices can affect our sales, cost of materials, and gross profits. Our products are generally priced to the customer based on a quoted, fixed selling price or "indexed" to the Lumber Market with a fixed dollar adder to cover conversion costs and profit. The impact on our profitability from changes in lumber prices is discussed in the Historical Lumber Prices and "Impact of the Lumber Market on Our Operating Results" captions of our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section under Item 7 of this Form 10-K. Our lumber costs, including plywood, as a percentage of net sales were 49.6 , 47.7 , and 51.0 in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. A significant portion of our sales are concentrated with two customers . Our sales to The Home Depot and Lowes comprised 15 and 11 , respectively, of our total net sales in fiscal 2022, 16 and 10 , respectively, in 2021, and 24 and 4 , respectively, in 2020. We may be impacted by vertical integration strategies. In certain markets and product lines, our customers or vendors could pursue vertical integration strategies that could have an adverse effect on our sales. We strive to add value and be a low-cost producer while maintaining competitive pricing in each of our markets to mitigate this risk. We may be impacted by industry capacity of products we supply. From time to time, we may experience excess capacity among suppliers of certain products in some of the markets we serve. Our selling prices and profitability are impacted during periods of shortages or excess industry capacity relative to market demand. We may also experience limited capacity among suppliers of certain products as a result of supply chain challenges, which may impact our profitability and ability to meet sales objectives. Our growth may be limited by our ability to make successful acquisitions. A key component of our growth strategy is to complete business combinations. Business combinations involve inherent risks, including assimilation and successfully managing growth. While we conduct extensive due diligence and have taken steps to ensure successful assimilation, factors beyond our control could influence the relative success of these acquisitions. We may be adversely affected by the impact of environmental and safety regulations. We are subject to the requirements of federal, state, and local environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that we are at all times in complete compliance with all of these requirements. We have made and will continue to make capital and other expenditures to comply with environmental regulations. If additional laws and regulations are enacted, which restrict our ability to manufacture and market our products, including our treated lumber products, it could adversely affect our sales and profits. Changes in the interpretation of existing laws could also adversely impact our financial results. Climate change - seasonality and weather conditions due to climate changes could adversely affect us . Some aspects of our business are seasonal in nature and results of operations vary from quarter to quarter. In addition, the majority of our products sold to the Retail and Construction markets are used or installed in outdoor construction applications; therefore, short-term sales volume, productivity and gross profits can be negatively affected by adverse weather conditions, particularly in our first and fourth quarters. To the extent changes in the world s climate have a greater impact on adverse weather conditions, we would expect more variability in our business operations and results. Climate change, which could result in more and more severe and adverse weather events, would likely create greater volatility in our financial results. Inbound and outbound transportation costs represent a significant part of our cost structure. An increase in fuel and other operating expenses will significantly increase our costs. While we attempt to pass these costs along to our customers, there can be no assurance that they would agree to these price increases. Our total inbound and outbound transportation costs were approximately 7.4 , 7.3 , and 9.2 of net sales in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 8 

New alternatives may be developed to replace traditional treated wood products. The manufacturers of wood preservatives continue to develop new preservatives. While we believe treated products are reasonably priced relative to alternative products such as composites or vinyl, new alternatives may impact the sales of treated wood products. In addition, new preservatives could increase our cost of treating products in the future. Cybersecurity breaches and a failure in our e-commerce operations and could disrupt our business. We rely upon information technology systems and network products and the secure operation of these systems and products. Despite security measures, these systems and products may be vulnerable to physical damage, hackers, computer viruses, or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees, vendors, or customers. We have experienced such events in the past and, although past events were immaterial, future events may occur and may be material. Additionally, consumers are increasingly shopping online and through mobile commerce applications. As a result, we are vulnerable to additional risks and uncertainties associated with e-commerce sales, including rapid changes in technology, website downtime and other technical failures, security breaches, cyber-attacks, consumer privacy concerns, changes in state tax regimes and government regulation of internet activities. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties could reduce our e-commerce sales and increase our costs, which could negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, there is no guarantee that we will be able to expand our e-commerce business. Our competitors may have e-commerce businesses that are substantially larger and more developed than ours, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. We may be impacted by new tariffs and duties on U.S. imports and foreign export sales. Instability of established free trade agreements may lead to raw material and finished goods price volatility. An increase in foreign tariffs on U.S. goods could curtail our export sales to other countries which was approximately 323.9 million in 2022. Increased tariffs and duties on U.S. imports will increase pricing by adding duty cost, where the duty is sustainable in light of overall unit price, or otherwise constrain supply by eliminating historical production sources by country or commodity type with unsustainable duties. Our purchases that are impacted by tariffs were approximately 761.1 million in 2022, including UFP s U.S. import of Canadian Softwood Lumber of approximately 496.1 million, which is the largest imported commodity. In addition, there is a risk that U.S. tariffs on imports and countering tariffs on U.S. exports could trigger broader international trade conflicts that could adversely impact our business. We may be adversely affected by the impact of the COVID-19 (Coronavirus) pandemic and similar outbreaks. Disease outbreaks, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic, could have an adverse impact on the Company's operations and financial results. These outbreaks may adversely impact our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. Any such outbreak, as well as measures taken by governmental authorities and businesses to limit the spread of this virus, may result in an adverse change in customer demand and our sales, interfere with the ability of our employees and suppliers to perform and function in a manner consistent with targeted objectives and otherwise adversely impact the efficiency of our operations. This may cause us to materially curtail certain segments, and could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations and cash flow. Adverse economic conditions and our customers ability to operate may impact their ability to pay. This may result in higher write-offs of receivables than we normally experience. We continue to monitor our customers business activities, payment patterns, and credit profiles carefully and make changes in our terms when necessary in response to this risk. As a result, our accounts receivable aging as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 87 current. Our bad debt expense as a percentage of sales was 0.15 , 0.01 , and 0.02 , in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. During the most difficult collection period of the Great Recession, from 2008 through 2010, our bad debt expense as a percentage of sales averaged 0.25 . Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. Item 2. Properties. Our corporate headquarters building is located in suburban Grand Rapids, Michigan. We currently have approximately 218 facilities located throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, Asia, and Australia. Depending upon function and location, these facilities typically utilize office, manufacturing, and indoor and outdoor storage space. 
 9 

The following tables summarize our property locations assigned by the primary segment the plant serves. Due to the nature of our business and historical operating strategy, many of our locations service more than one segment. 

RETAIL SEGMENT Property Location Number of Properties Property Location Number of Properties Athens, AL 1 Moultrie, GA 1 Bonner, MT 2 Ponce, PR 1 Brunswick, GA 1 Poulsbo, WA 1 Dodgeville, WI 1 Prairie du Chien, WI 2 Elizabeth City, NC 1 Ranson, WV 2 Failess Hills, PA 1 Ringgold, GA 1 Greeneville, TN 1 Rockledge, FL 1 Greer, SC 1 Rockwell, NC 1 Hamilton, OH 1 Saginaw, TX 1 Hampton, VA 1 Schertz, TX 1 Harrisonville, MO 3 Selma, AL 1 Hazelhurst, GA 1 Silsbee, TX 1 Howell, MI 2 Stockertown, PA 1 Janesville, WI 1 Tampa, FL 1 Lansing, MI 1 Tipton, IA 2 Lockhart, FL 1 Union City, GA 1 Louisville, AL 1 White Bear Lake, MN 1 Matthews, NC 1 White Pigeon, MI 1 Moneta, VA 1 Windsor, CO 1 Mosheim, TN 1 TOTAL 46 PACKAGING SEGMENT Property Location Number of Properties Property Location Number of Properties Adairsville, GA 1 Miami, FL 1 Ashburn, GA 2 Milwaukee, WI 1 Auburndale, FL 2 Mocksville, NC 1 Barnesville, GA 1 Morristown, TN 3 Bartow, FL 3 Muscle Shoals, AL 1 Biscoe, NC 1 Nappanee, IN 1 Blanchester, OH 1 New Boston, TX 1 Blue Island, IL 1 New London, WI 2 Bridgeton, MO 1 New Waverly, TX 1 Burnsville, MN 1 Newnan, GA 1 Butner, NC 1 Orangeburg, SC 1 Chaffee, NY 1 Peru, IL 1 Chandler, AZ 2 Port Arthur, TX 1 Chase City, VA 1 Rancho Cucamonga, CA 1 Clarksville, TX 1 Riverside, CA 1 Dallas, TX 1 Robertsdale, AL 1 Eatonton, GA 1 Rowesville, SC 1 Flower Mound, TX 2 Salisbury, NC 3 Franklinton, NC 1 Selma, AL 1 Gilmer, TX 1 Shawnee, OK 1 Grand Rapids, MI 2 Shipshewana, IN 1 Grandview, TX 4 Siler City, NC 1 Hartford, WI 1 Snohomish, WA 1 Hazelhurst, GA 1 Thornton, CA 1 Livermore Falls, ME 1 Warrens, WI 1 Magna, UT 2 Wenatchee, WA 1 Marietta, GA 1 Woodburn, OR 2 Martin, TN 3 Yakima, WA 1 McMinnville, OR 1 TOTAL 76 
 10 

CONSTRUCTION SEGMENT Property Location Number of Properties Property Location Number of Properties Amsterdam, NL 1 Kyle, TX 1 Athena, OR 1 Lafayette, CO 1 Auburn, NY 1 Lenoir City, TN 1 Aurora, CO 1 Liberty, NC 1 Bangalore, India 1 Locust, NC 1 Belchertown, MA 1 Londonderry, NH 1 Berlin, NJ 3 Mexico City, Mexico 1 Bridgeton, MO 1 Minneota, MN 1 Brooklyn Center, MN 1 Nampa, ID 1 Burlington, NC 1 Naugatuck, CT 1 Cedar Hill, TX 1 New Hartford, NY 1 Chesapeake, VA 1 New London, NC 1 Chicago, IL 1 New Windsor, MD 1 Clinton, NC 1 Ontario, CA 1 Concord, ON 1 Ooltewah, TN 1 Conway, SC 1 Parker, PA 1 Cordele, GA 1 Pearisburg, VA 1 Dayton, OH 1 Plainville, MA 1 Delano, PA 1 San Antonio, TX 2 DuBois, PA 1 Seattle, WA 1 Edwardsburg, MI 1 Shippenville, PA 1 Elkhart, IN 1 Sidney, NY 1 Folkston, GA 1 Stafford, TX 1 Fredericksburg, VA 1 Stanfield, NC 1 Gordon, PA 1 Swindon, Witshire 1 Granger, IN 1 Temple, TX 1 Haleyville, AL 3 Washington, NC 1 Helix, OR 1 Westbury, NY 1 Hillsboro, TX 1 Wilton, NH 1 Hudson, NY 1 Wujiang City, China 1 Jefferson, GA 1 TOTAL 66 ALL OTHER SEGMENT Property Location Number of Properties Property Location Number of Properties Apasseo el Grande, Mexico 1 Gunter, India 1 Attibele, Anekal Taluka 1 Hyderabad, India 1 Bangalore India 1 Kaniyur, Coimbatore, India 1 Baramati, District Pune, India 1 Lacolle, Quebec 1 Bengaluru, India 1 Miami, FL 1 Cambiago, Italy 1 Mordialloc, Australia 1 Carole Park, Australia 1 Nanekar Wadi, Chakan, Pune, India 1 Chateauguay, Quebec 1 Nuevo Leon, Mexico 1 Doddaballapur, Bangalore 1 Port Melbourne, Australia 1 Durango, Mexico 2 Savli, Vadodara, India 1 Erskine Park, Australia 1 Taluk, Kanchipuram District, India 1 Greater Noida, India 1 Victoria, Australia 1 TOTAL 25 CORPORATE SEGMENT Property Location Number of Properties Grand Rapids, MI 2 Kearneysville, WV 1 Milwaukee, WI 1 Spring Lake, MI 1 TOTAL 5 We own all of our properties, free from any significant mortgage or other encumbrance, except for approximately 113 facilities which are leased. We believe all of these operating facilities are adequate in capacity and condition to service our existing markets. 
 11 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Information regarding our legal proceedings is set forth in Note L of our Consolidated Financial Statements which are presented under Item 8 of this Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Additional Item: Executive Officers of the Registrant. The following table lists the names, ages, and positions of our executive officers as of February 4, 2023. 

Name Age Position Matthew J. Missad 62 Chariman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Michael R. Cole 56 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Patrick M. Benton 53 President of UFP Construction, LLC Scott A. Worthington 52 President of UFP Packaging, LLC William D. Schwartz, Jr. 45 President of UFP Retail Solutions, LLC David A. Tutas 53 General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary Matthew J. Missad joined us in 1985. In February 1996, Mr. Missad was promoted to Executive Vice President of the Company. On July 13, 2011, Mr. Missad became Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Michael R. Cole joined us in 1993 from the international public accounting firm Deloitte Touche. In December 1999, he was promoted to Vice President of Finance. On July 19, 2000, Mr. Cole became Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Patrick M. Benton joined us in 1993. In 2008 he became Operations Vice President of the South Texas Region, and on July 1, 2014, he became Executive Vice President of UFP Eastern Division North. On February 1, 2017, Mr. Benton became President of the UFP Northern Division, and on January 1, 2020, he became President of UFP Construction, LLC. Scott A. Worthington joined us in 1997. In 2014, he was promoted to Regional Vice President of the South Texas Region. On January 1, 2020, he became President of UFP Packaging, LLC. William D. Schwartz, Jr. joined us in 1998. He became Operations Vice President in 2014 and Executive Vice President of Purchasing and Transportation in 2020. On July 1, 2022, he became Executive Vice President of Operations Services and on September 26, 2022, he became President of UFP Retail Solutions, LLC. David A. Tutas joined us in 2003 as a staff counsel. In 2007, he was promoted to Director of Legal Services. On August 1, 2011, he was promoted to General Counsel. On January 18, 2013, he became Secretary of the Company, and on February 1, 2019, he became Chief Compliance Officer. PART II The following information items in this Part II, which are contained in the 2022 Annual Report, are specifically incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K Report. These portions of the 2022 Annual Report that are specifically incorporated by reference are filed as Exhibit 13 with this Form 10-K Report. 
 12 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. (a) The information relating to market, holders and dividends is incorporated by reference from the 2022 Annual Report under the caption Stock Performance Graph. 
 There were no recent sales of unregistered securities. (b) Not applicable. (c) Issuer purchases of equity securities during the fourth quarter: 

Fiscal Month (1) (2) (3) (4) September 25 October 29, 2022 21,804 68.99 21,804 1,372,444 October 30 November 26, 2022 15,102 69.82 15,102 1,357,342 November 27 December 31, 2022 1,357,342 

 (1) Total number of shares purchased. (2) Average price paid per share. (3) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs. (4) Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs. 
 Effective February 15, 2022, our Board authorized an additional 1.5 million shares to be repurchased under our existing share repurchase program. This authorization expired on February 3, 2023. On February 3, 2023, the Board gave management authorization to repurchase up to 2 million shares by February 5, 2024. Item 6. Selected Financial Data. The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2022 Annual Report under the caption "Selected Financial Data." Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the 2022 Annual Report under the caption "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. We are exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in interest rates on our variable rate debt, which consists of a revolving credit facility and industrial development revenue bonds. We do not enter into any material interest rate swaps, futures contracts or options on futures, or other types of derivative financial instruments to mitigate this risk. For fixed rate debt, changes in interest rates generally affect the fair market value, but not earnings or cash flows. Conversely, for variable rate debt, changes in interest rates generally do not influence fair market value, but do affect future earnings and cash flows. We do not have an obligation to prepay fixed rate debt prior to maturity, and as a result, interest rate risk and changes in fair market value should not have a significant impact on such debt until we would be required to refinance it. On December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of our long-term debt, including the current portion, was 242.1 million. The estimated fair value is based on rates anticipated to be available to us for debt with similar terms and maturities. The estimated fair value of notes payable included in current liabilities and the revolving credit facility approximated the carrying values as these debt instruments have interest rates that fluctuate with current market conditions. 
 13 

Expected cash flows over the next five years related to debt instruments, excluding debt issuance costs, are as follows: 

US equivalents, in thousands) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Long-term Debt: Fixed Rate US) 17 40,817 132 136 149 225,389 266,640 Average interest rate 5.06 4.22 9.20 9.20 3.54 Variable Rate US) 2,925 5,465 3,300 11,690 Average interest rate (1) 9.20 4.13 1.04 (1) Average of rates at December 31, 2022 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2022 Annual Report under the following captions: "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" "Consolidated Balance Sheets" "Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income" "Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity" "Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows" "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, referred to herein as Disclosure Controls as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The controls evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Based upon our most recent evaluation, we have concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act and based upon the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Based on this assessment, our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 14 

Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Deloitte Touche LLP's opinion, as stated in their report which appears on page 24 of this Form 10-K, is consistent with management's report on internal control over financial reporting as set forth above. Changes in internal control over financial reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Information relating to our directors, compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and various corporate governance matters is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for the year ended December 31, 2022 for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the Commission ("2023 Proxy Statement"), under the captions "Election of Directors," "Corporate Governance and Board Matters," and "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance." Information relating to executive officers is included in this report in the last Section of Part I under the caption "Additional Item: Executive Officers of the Registrant." Information relating to our code of ethics is included in this report in Part I, Item 1 under the caption Available Information . Item 11. Executive Compensation. Information relating to director and executive compensation is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement under the caption "Executive Compensation." The "Personnel and Compensation Committee Report" included in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference for the purpose of being furnished herein and is not and shall not be deemed to be filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. Information relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions "Ownership of Common Stock" and "Securities Ownership of Management." 
 15 

Information relating to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022, is as follows: 

Number of shares remaining available for Number of Weighted future issuance shares to be average under equity issued upon exercise compensation exercise of price of plans [excluding outstanding outstanding shares reflected in options (a) options column (a)] (1) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 3,279,150 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders none 

 (1) The number of shares remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans, excluding outstanding options, warrants, or similar rights, as of December 31, 2022, is as follows: 412,011 shares for our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 181,443 shares for our Director Compensation Plan, and 11,875 shares for our Employee Stock Gift Program. In addition, of the remaining 2,673,821 shares available for future issuance under our Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, those awards may be made in the form of options as well as stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, performance shares, or other stock-based awards. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Information relating to certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions "Election of Directors", Affirmative Determination Regarding Director Independence and Other Matters and "Related Party Transactions." Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. Information relating to the types of services rendered by our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and the fees paid for these services is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement under the caption "Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Disclosure of Fees. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) 1. Financial Statements . The following are incorporated by reference, under Item 8 of this report, from the 2022 Annual Report: 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 2. Financial Statement Schedules . All schedules required by this Form 10-K Report have been omitted because they were inapplicable, included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, or otherwise not required under instructions contained in Regulation S-X. 3. Exhibits . Reference is made to the Exhibit Index which is included in this Form 10-K Report. 
 16 

(b) Reference is made to the Exhibit Index which is included in this Form 10-K Report. (c) Not applicable 
 
 17 

EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit # Description 3 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. (a) Registrant s Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation were filed as Exhibit 3.1 to a Registrant s Current Report 8-K (dated April 27, 2017) and the same is incorporated herein by reference. (b) Amended Bylaws was filed as Exhibit 3(b) to a Form 10-K, Annual Report for the year-ended December 31, 2016 (Commission file No.: 0-22684) and the same incorporated herein by reference. 4 Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders. (a) Specimen form of Stock Certificate for Common Stock was filed as Exhibit 4(a) to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-69474) and the same is incorporated herein by reference. (b) Description of Registrant s Securities 10 Material Contracts. (a) Form of Indemnity Agreement entered into between the Registrant and each of its directors was filed as Exhibit 10(b) to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-69474) and the same is incorporated herein by reference. (b) UFP Industries , Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan as amended and restated effective June 1, 2011 was filed as Exhibit 10(g) to a Form 10-K, Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2011 (Commission file No.: 0-22684) and the same is incorporated herein by reference. (c) Executive Stock Grant Program was filed as Exhibit 10(h) to a Form 10-K, Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2011 (Commission file No.: 0-22684) and the same is incorporated herein by reference. (d) Credit Agreement dated November 1, 2018 was filed as Exhibit 10(i)(2) to a Form 8-K Current Report dated November 2, 2018 and the same is incorporated herein by reference. (e) Note Purchase Agreement dated December 17, 2012 was filed as Exhibit 10(k) to a Form 8-K Current Report dated December 17, 2012 (Commission file No.: 0-22684) and the same is incorporated herein by reference. (f) Note Purchase Agreements for Series C and D Senior Notes dated June 14, 2018, was filed as Exhibit 10(k)(2) to Registrant s Form 10-K, Annual Report for the year ended December 29, 2018 (Commission file No.: 0-22684) and the same is incorporated herein by reference. (g) UFP Industries, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan is incorporated by reference from Appendix A to the Company s proxy statement dated and filed with the Commission on March 6, 2008 . (h) UFP Industries, Inc. Director Retainer Stock Plan was filed as Exhibit 10(m) to a Form 10-K, Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2016 (Commission file No.: 0-22684) and the same is incorporated herein by reference. (i) UFP Industries, Inc. Long Term Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference from Appendix A to the Company s proxy statement dated and filed with the Commission on March 8, 2022. 
 18 

(j) Note Purchase Agreement for Series E, F, and G dated August 11, 2020 was filed as Exhibit 10(k) to a form 10-K, Annual Report for the year ended December 26, 2020 (Commission file No.: 0-22684) and the same is incorporated herein by reference. (k) Credit Agreement dated December 6, 2022, was filed as Exhibit 10(l) to a Form 8-K Current Report dated December 6, 2022, and the same is incorporated herein by reference . 13 Selected portions of the Company s Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 14 Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers. (a) Code of Ethics for Chief Financial Officer was filed as Exhibit 14(a) to a Form 10-K, Annual Report for the year ended December 25, 2010 and the same is incorporated herein by reference. 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 31 Certifications. (a) Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of UFP Industries, Inc., pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350). (b) Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of UFP Industries, Inc., pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350). 32 Certifications. (a) Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of UFP Industries, Inc., pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350). (b) Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of UFP Industries, Inc., pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350). 101 Interactive Data File in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language). (INS) XBRL Instance Document. (SCH) XBRL Schema Document. (CAL) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. (LAB) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. (PRE) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. (DEF) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded in the inline XBRL document). 

 Indicates a compensatory arrangement. 
 19 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: March 1, 2023 UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. By: /s/ Matthew J. Missad Matthew J. Missad, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on this 1 st day of March, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of us and in the capacities indicated. 

By: /s/ Matthew J. Missad Matthew J. Missad, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer /s/ Michael R. Cole Michael R. Cole, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Each Director whose signature appears below hereby appoints Matthew J. Missad and Michael R. Cole, and each of them individually, as his or her attorney-in-fact to sign in his or her name and on his or her behalf as a Director, and to file with the Commission any and all amendments to this report on Form 10-K to the same extent and with the same effect as if done personally. 

/s/ Joan A. Budden /s/ William G. Currie Joan A. Budden, Director William G. Currie, Director /s/ Benjamin J. McLean /s/ Bruce A. Merino Benjamin J. McLean, Director Bruce A. Merino, Director /s/ Matthew J. Missad /s/ Thomas W. Rhodes Matthew J. Missad, Director Thomas W. Rhodes, Director /s/ Mary Tuuk Kuras /s/ Brian C. Walker Mary Tuuk Kuras, Director Brian C. Walker, Director /s/ Michael G. Wooldridge Michael G. Wooldridge, Director 
 20 

<EX-4.B>
 2
 ufpi-20221231xex4db.htm
 EX-4.B

Exhibit 4(b) DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 The following is a brief description of the common stock of UFP Industries, Inc. (the Company ). This summary does not purport to be complete in all respects and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation (the Articles of Incorporation and Amended Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which are filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4(b) is a part. Authorized Capital Stock The Company s authorized capital stock consists of 160,000,000 shares of common stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Dividend and Liquidation Rights Subject to the prior rights of the holders of shares of preferred stock that may be issued and outstanding, if any, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive: dividends when, as, and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends; and in the event of dissolution of the Company, to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and satisfaction of the liquidation preferences, if any, of then outstanding shares of preferred stock, as provided in the Articles of Incorporation. Voting Rights Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters presented to a vote at a shareholders meeting, including the election of directors. Holders of common stock have no cumulative voting rights. The Company s Articles of Incorporation provide that the Company s Board of Directors be divided into three classes of nearly equal size, with the classes to hold office for staggered terms of three years each. The vote required for the election of a director shall, except in a contested election, be the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast in the election of a nominee. For this purpose, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of votes cast for a director s election exceeds the number of votes cast against that director s election. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not counted as votes cast either for or against a director s election. In a contested election, directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast at the meeting of shareholders. 

 An election is considered contested if there are more nominees for election than positions on the Board of Directors to be filled by election at that meeting. Listing The Company s common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ufpi. Applicable Anti-Takeover Provisions The Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions that could also have an anti-takeover effect. Some of the provisions also may make it difficult for shareholders to replace incumbent directors with new directors who may be willing to entertain changes that shareholders may believe will lead to improvements in the combined company s business. Other All of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for any additional shares of common stock or other securities, and there are no conversion rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to the Company s common stock. The transfer agent for the Company s common stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Co., 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11219. 

</EX-4.B>

<EX-13>
 3
 ufpi-20221231xex13.htm
 EX-13

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit 13 UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Table of Contents 

Selected Financial Data 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 3 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting (PCAOB ID 34) 24 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Opinion on the Financial Statements (PCAOB ID 25 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 27 Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020 28 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020 29 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020 30 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 31 Market Information for our Common Stock 57 Stock Performance Graph 57 Directors and Executive Officers 58 Shareholder Information 59 

Table of Contents 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA (In thousands, except per share and statistics data) 

2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Consolidated Statement of Earnings Data Net sales 9,626,739 8,636,134 5,153,998 4,416,009 4,489,180 Gross profit 1,789,461 1,406,967 800,296 685,518 592,894 Earnings from operations 950,184 737,554 345,826 244,906 207,263 Earnings before income taxes 934,816 726,336 340,983 240,674 197,853 Net earnings attributable to controlling interest 692,651 535,640 246,778 179,650 148,598 Diluted earnings per share 10.97 8.59 4.00 2.91 2.40 Dividends per share 0.95 0.65 0.50 0.40 0.36 Consolidated Balance Sheet Data Working capital (1) 1,650,278 1,297,434 1,074,613 739,030 685,108 Cash and cash equivalents 559,397 286,662 436,507 168,336 27,316 Total assets 3,672,073 3,245,271 2,404,891 1,889,477 1,647,548 Total debt 278,096 320,250 311,707 163,683 202,278 Shareholders equity 2,596,823 2,016,569 1,483,152 1,257,733 1,088,684 Statistics Gross profit as a percentage of net sales 18.6 16.3 15.5 15.5 13.2 Net earnings attributable to controlling interest as a percentage of net sales 7.2 6.2 4.8 4.1 3.3 Return on beginning equity (2) 34.3 36.1 19.6 16.5 15.3 Current ratio (4) 3.70 2.67 3.32 3.09 3.21 Debt to equity ratio (5) 0.11 0.16 0.21 0.13 0.19 Book value per common share (3) 42.14 32.58 24.23 20.48 17.88 

 (1) Current assets less current liabilities. (2) Net earnings attributable to controlling interest divided by beginning shareholders equity. (3) Shareholders equity divided by common stock outstanding. (4) Current assets divided by current liabilities. (5) Total debt divided by shareholders equity. Acquisition growth is one of the primary contributing factors to material increases over the period from 2018 to 2022. Refer to Note C under the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on our business combinations and impact on our financial statements for the three years ended December 31, 2022. 
 2 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 UFP Industries, Inc. is a holding company with subsidiaries throughout North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia that design, manufacture, and supply products made from wood, wood and non-wood composites, and other materials to three markets: retail, packaging, and construction. We are headquartered in Grand Rapids, Mich. For more information about UFP Industries, Inc., or its affiliated operations, go to www.ufpi.com. This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, that are based on management s beliefs, assumptions, current expectations, estimates and projections about the markets we serve, the economy and the Company itself. Words like anticipates, believes, confident, estimates, expects, forecasts, likely, plans, projects, should, variations of such words, and similar expressions identify such forward-looking statements. These statements do not guarantee future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict with regard to timing, extent, likelihood and degree of occurrence. We do not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect facts, circumstances, events, or assumptions that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made. Actual results could differ materially from those included in such forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainty. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements are the following: fluctuations in currency and inflation; fluctuations in the price of lumber; adverse economic conditions in the markets we serve; concentration of sales to customers; vertical integration strategies; excess capacity or supply chain challenges; our ability to make successful business acquisitions; government regulations, particularly involving environmental and safety regulations; adverse or unusual weather conditions; inbound and outbound transportation costs; alternatives to replace treated wood products; Cybersecurity breaches; tariffs on import and export sales; and the COVID-19 pandemic pandemic ). Certain of these risk factors as well as other risk factors and additional information are included in our reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We are pleased to present this overview of 2022. OVERVIEW Our results for 2022 were impacted by the following: Our net sales increased 11.5 in 2022 due to a 9.5 increase in our overall selling prices (see Historical Lumber Prices and a 3 increase in unit sales due to acquired businesses, which was partially offset by a 1 decrease in organic unit sales. Organic unit growth of 6 in our construction segment was offset by organic unit declines of 2 and 5 in our packaging and retail segments, respectively. Earnings from operations increased 28.8 to 950.2 million. This increase resulted from a variety of factors including improved leveraging of our fixed costs in business units that experienced organic growth, increased sales of new and value-added products which have higher gross margins, our ability to effectively include lumber and other cost increases in the selling prices of our products, and our value-based and selective selling practices have enabled us to improve our profit per unit. Acquisitions contributed approximately 16.5 million to our increase in operating profits. Our cash flows provided by operations in 2022 was 831.6 million compared to 512.5 million in 2021. This increase is due primarily to an increase in our net earnings and non-cash expenses of 188.7 million and a decrease in our investment in net working capital of 130.4 million compared to the prior period. This year, customer demand softened in the fourth quarter and lumber prices declined which reduced our investment in net working capital. 
 We invested 174.1 million in capital expenditures to support and grow our business and invested 180.2 million in acquired businesses. 
 3 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 We returned 58.9 million to our shareholders through dividends and repurchased approximately 1,247,000 shares of our common stock for 95.8 million, at an average price of 76.83 per share. 
 Our net surplus cash (cash less debt and cash overdraft) at the end of 2022 was 281.4 million compared to net debt of 50.6 million at the end of 2021. Our available borrowing capacity under revolving credit facilities of 1.3 billion and cash surplus of 559.4 million resulted in total liquidity of approximately 1.8 billion at the end of December 2022. 
 HISTORICAL LUMBER PRICES The following table presents the Random Lengths framing lumber composite price. 

Random Lengths Composite Average /MBF 2022 2021 January 1,112 890 February 1,225 954 March 1,321 1,035 April 1,051 1,080 May 948 1,428 June 670 1,344 July 621 690 August 625 443 September 556 412 October 503 520 November 483 585 December 420 746 Year-to-date average 795 844 Year-to-date percentage change (5.8) 
 4 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 In addition, a Southern Yellow Pine SYP composite price, which we prepare and use, is presented below. Our purchases of this species comprised approximately 60 and 57 of total lumber purchases, excluding plywood and other panel products, in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Southern Yellow Pine Average /MBF 2022 2021 January 1,010 858 February 1,115 903 March 1,198 938 April 902 922 May 732 1,150 June 574 1,052 July 547 564 August 589 448 September 533 438 October 490 512 November 472 599 December 445 675 Year-to-date average 717 755 Year-to-date percentage change (5.0) IMPACT OF THE LUMBER MARKET ON OUR OPERATING RESULTS We experience significant fluctuations in the cost of commodity lumber products from primary producers ("Lumber Market"). We generally price our products to pass lumber costs through to our customers so that our profitability is based on the value-added manufacturing, distribution, engineering, and other services we provide. As a result, our sales levels (and working capital requirements) are impacted by the lumber costs of our products. Lumber costs, including plywood and other panel products, were 49.6 and 47.7 of our net sales in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our gross margins are impacted by (1) the relative level of the Lumber Market (i.e. whether prices are higher or lower from comparative periods), and (2) the trend in the market price of lumber (i.e. whether the price of lumber is increasing or decreasing within a period or from period to period). Moreover, as explained below, our products are priced differently. Some of our products have fixed selling prices, while the selling prices of other products are indexed to the reported Lumber Market with a fixed dollar adder to cover conversion costs and profits. Consequently, the level and trend of the Lumber Market impact our products differently. Below is a general description of the primary ways in which our products are priced. Products with fixed selling prices. These products include value-added products, such as manufactured items, sold within all segments. Prices for these products are generally fixed at the time of the sales quotation for a specified period of time. In order to reduce any exposure to adverse trends in the price of component lumber products, we attempt to lock in costs with our suppliers or purchase necessary inventory for these sales commitments. The time period limitation eventually allows us to periodically re-price our products for changes in lumber costs from our suppliers. 
 5 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Products with selling prices indexed to the reported Lumber Market with a fixed dollar "adder" to cover conversion costs and profits. These products primarily include treated lumber, panel goods, other commodity-type items, and trusses sold to the manufactured housing industry. For these products, we estimate the customers needs and we carry anticipated levels of inventory. Because lumber costs are incurred in advance of final sale prices, subsequent increases or decreases in the market price of lumber impact our gross margins. We believe our sales of these products are at their highest relative level in our second quarter, primarily due to pressure-treated lumber sold in our retail segment. 
 For each of the product pricing categories above, our margins are exposed to changes in the trend of lumber prices. As a result of the balance in our net sales of each category we believe our gross profits are more stable than those of our competitors who are less diversified. The greatest risk associated with changes in the trend of lumber prices is on the following products: Products with significant inventory levels with low turnover rates, whose selling prices are indexed to the Lumber Market. In other words, the longer the period of time these products remain in inventory, the greater the exposure to changes in the price of lumber. This would include treated lumber, which comprises approximately 21 of our total sales. This exposure is less significant with remanufactured lumber, panel goods, other commodity-type items, and trusses sold to the manufactured housing market due to the higher rate of inventory turnover. We attempt to mitigate the risk associated with treated lumber through inventory consignment programs with our vendors. We estimate that 15.6 of our total purchases for 2022 were completed under these programs. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of our annual report on form 10-K, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Products with fixed selling prices sold under long-term supply arrangements, particularly those involving multi-family construction projects. We attempt to mitigate this risk through our purchasing practices and longer vendor commitments. 
 In addition to the impact of the Lumber Market trends on gross margins, changes in the level of the market cause fluctuations in gross margins when comparing operating results from period to period. This is explained in the following example, which assumes the price of lumber has increased from period one to period two, with no changes in the trend within each period. 

Period 1 Period 2 Lumber cost 300 400 Conversion cost 50 50 = Product cost 350 450 Adder 50 50 = Sell price 400 500 Gross margin 12.5 10.0 As is apparent from the preceding example, the level of lumber prices does not impact our overall profits but does impact our margins. Gross margins and operating margins are negatively impacted during periods of high lumber prices; conversely, we experience margin improvement when lumber prices are relatively low. As a result of this factor, we believe it is useful to compare our change in units sold with our change in gross profits, selling, general, and administrative expenses, and operating profits as presented in the following table. 
 6 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Annual Change from Prior Year End December 31, December 25, 2022 2021 Units sold 2.0 28.0 Gross profit 27.2 75.8 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 22.0 53.5 Earnings from operations 28.8 113.3 It is our long-term goal to increase our gross profits and earnings from operations at a rate of growth that exceeds our unit sales growth, or in other words, increase our profit per unit sold. We also have a long-term goal of improving our efficiencies and leveraging the fixed costs in our selling, general, and administrative expenses as we grow, which would result in a rate of growth of these expenses which is less than our unit sales growth resulting in a lower cost per unit. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND ASSET PURCHASES We completed four business acquisitions during 2022 and nine during 2021. The annual historical sales attributable to acquisitions in 2022 and 2021 were approximately 177.8 million and 1.3 billion, respectively. These business combinations were not significant to our operating results individually or in aggregate; consequently pro forma results for 2022 and 2021 are not presented. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note C, "Business Combinations" for additional information. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the components of our Consolidated Statements of Earnings as a percentage of net sales. See Impact of the Lumber Market on our Operating Results . 

Year Ended December 31, December 25, 2022 2021 Net sales 100.0 100.0 Cost of goods sold 81.4 83.7 Gross profit 18.6 16.3 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 8.6 7.9 Other losses (gains), net 0.1 (0.1) Earnings from operations 9.9 8.5 Other expense, net 0.2 0.1 Earnings before income taxes 9.7 8.4 Income taxes 2.4 2.0 Net earnings 7.3 6.4 Less net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest (0.1) (0.2) Net earnings attributable to controlling interest 7.2 6.2 Note: Actual percentages are calculated and may not sum to total due to rounding. 
 7 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following table presents, for the periods indicated, our selling, general, and administrative (SG A) costs as a percentage of gross profit. Given our strategies to enhance our capabilities and improve our value-added product offering and recognizing the higher relative level of SG A costs these strategies require, we believe this ratio provides an enhanced view of our effectiveness in managing these costs and mitigates the impact of changing lumber prices. 

Year Ended December 31, December 25, 2022 2021 Gross profit 1,789,461 1,406,967 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 832,079 682,253 SG A as percentage of gross profit 46.5 48.5 OPERATING RESULTS BY SEGMENT Our business segments consist of UFP Retail Solutions Retail ), UFP Packaging Packaging and formerly known as UFP Industrial) and UFP Construction Construction ), and align with the end markets we serve. Among other things, this structure allows for a more specialized and consistent sales approach among Company operations, more efficient use of resources and capital, and quicker introduction of new products and services. We manage the operations of our individual locations primarily through a market-centered reporting structure under which each location is included in a business unit and business units are included in our Retail, Packaging, and Construction segments. The exception to this market-centered reporting and management structure is our International segment, which comprises our Mexico, Canada, Europe, Asia, and Australia operations and sales and buying offices in other parts of the world. Our International segment and Ardellis (our insurance captive) are included in the All Other column of the table below. The Corporate column includes purchasing, transportation and administrative functions that serve our operating segments. Operating results of Corporate primarily consists of over (under) allocated costs. The operating results of UFP Real Estate, Inc., which owns and leases real estate, and UFP Transportation Ltd., which owns, leases, and operates transportation equipment, are also included in the Corporate column. Inter-company lease and services charges are assessed to our operating segments for the use of these assets and services at fair market value rates. The following tables present our operating results by segment for December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Retail Packaging Construction All Other Corporate Total Net sales 3,650,639 2,394,681 3,143,868 431,611 5,940 9,626,739 Cost of goods sold 3,306,112 1,808,449 2,417,212 300,307 5,198 7,837,278 Gross profit 344,527 586,232 726,656 131,304 742 1,789,461 Selling, general, administrative expenses 193,383 250,858 328,125 66,745 (7,032) 832,079 Other 817 129 1,097 5,929 (774) 7,198 Earnings from operations 150,327 335,245 397,434 58,630 8,548 950,184 
 8 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 25, 2021 Retail Packaging Construction All Other Corporate Total Net sales 3,418,337 2,148,142 2,698,434 362,473 8,748 8,636,134 Cost of goods sold 3,120,634 1,683,466 2,167,405 237,696 19,966 7,229,167 Gross profit 297,703 464,676 531,029 124,777 (11,218) 1,406,967 Selling, general, administrative expenses 169,033 200,194 267,292 52,204 (6,470) 682,253 Other (94) (456) (493) (2,237) (9,560) (12,840) Earnings from operations 128,764 264,938 264,230 74,810 4,812 737,554 The following tables present the components of our operating results as a percentage of net sales by segment for December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Retail Packaging Construction All Other Corporate Total Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 N/A 100.0 Cost of goods sold 90.6 75.5 76.9 69.6 81.4 Gross profit 9.4 24.5 23.1 30.4 18.6 Selling, general, administrative expenses 5.3 10.5 10.4 15.5 8.6 Other 1.4 0.1 Earnings from operations 4.1 14.0 12.6 13.6 9.9 Note: Actual percentages are calculated and may not sum to total due to rounding. 

Year Ended December 25, 2021 Retail Packaging Construction All Other Corporate Total Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 N/A 100.0 Cost of goods sold 91.3 78.4 80.3 65.6 83.7 Gross profit 8.7 21.6 19.7 34.4 16.3 Selling, general, administrative expenses 4.9 9.3 9.9 14.4 7.9 Other (0.1) (0.6) (0.1) Earnings from operations 3.8 12.3 9.8 20.6 8.5 Note: Actual percentages are calculated and may not sum to total due to rounding. 
 9 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 NET SALES We design, manufacture and market wood and wood-alternative products, primarily used to enhance outdoor living environments, for national home centers and other retailers, engineered wood components, structural lumber, and other products for factory-built and site-built residential and commercial construction, customized interior fixtures used in a variety of retail stores, commercial, and other structures, and structural wood packaging, components and packing materials for various industries. Our strategic long-term sales objectives include: Maximizing unit sales growth while achieving return on investment goals . The following table presents estimates, for the periods indicated, of our percentage change in net sales which were attributable to changes in overall selling prices versus changes in units shipped. 

Change in Sales in Selling Prices in Units Acquisition Unit Change Organic Unit Change 2022 versus 2021 11.5 9.5 2.0 3.0 (1.0) 2021 versus 2020 67.6 39.6 28.0 24.0 4.0 Diversifying our end market sales mix by increasing sales of structural and protective packaging and machine-built pallets to industrial users, increasing our penetration of the concrete forming market, and increasing our market share with independent retailers. Expanding geographically in our core businesses , domestically and internationally. Increasing our sales of "value-added" products and enhancing our product offering with new or improved products . Value-added products generally consist of fencing, decking, lattice, and other specialty products sold in the Retail segment; structural and protective packaging and machine-built pallets sold in the Packaging segment; engineered wood components, customized interior fixtures, manufactured and assembled concrete forms sold in the Construction segment; and "wood alternative" products. Engineered wood components include roof trusses, wall panels, and floor systems. Wood alternative products consist of products manufactured with wood and non-wood composites, metals and plastics sold in each of our segments. Although we consider the treatment of dimensional lumber and panels with certain chemical preservatives a value-added process, treated lumber is not presently included in the value-added sales totals. Remanufactured lumber and panels that are components of finished goods are also generally categorized as commodity-based products. 

 10 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following table presents, for the periods indicated, our percentage of value-added and commodity-based sales to total sales by our segments. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 25, 2021 Value-Added Commodity-Based Value-Added Commodity-Based Retail 44.9 55.1 43.2 56.8 Packaging 72.0 28.0 67.7 32.3 Construction 77.2 22.8 73.0 27.0 All Other 76.3 23.7 74.7 25.3 Corporate 44.3 55.7 67.9 32.1 Total Sales 63.4 36.6 59.7 40.3 Note: Certain prior year product reclassifications and the change in designation of certain products as "value-added" resulted in a change in prior year's sales. Our overall unit sales of value-added products increased approximately 3 in 2022 compared to 2021, due primarily to acquisitions completed in 2022. Our unit sales of commodity-based products were flat compared to 2021. Developing new products . We define new products as those that will generate sales of at least 1 million per year within 4 years of launch and are still growing and gaining market penetration. Our goal was to achieve annual new product sales of at least 575 million in 2022. New product sales and gross profits in 2022 were up 53 and 22 , respectively, from the prior year. Acquisitions contributed approximately 64 million to new product sales in 2022. Approximately 377 million of new product sales for 2021, while still sold, were sunset in 2022 and excluded from the table below because they no longer meet the definition above. The table below presents new product sales in thousands. 

New Product Sales by Segment Year Ended December 31, December 25, 2022 2021 Change Retail 307,368 226,649 35.6 Packaging 278,402 148,953 86.9 Construction 147,748 102,661 43.9 All Other and Corporate 2,507 1,759 42.5 Total New Product Sales 736,025 480,022 53.3 Note: Certain prior year product reclassifications and the change in designation of certain products as "new" resulted in a change in prior year's sales. Retail Segment: Net sales from the Retail segment increased 7 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a 7 increase in selling prices and unit growth from acquisitions of 5 , offset by a 2 decrease due to the transfer of certain product sales to the Construction segment this year and an organic unit decline of 3 . Our change in organic unit sales was comprised of: 
 A 3 increase of UFP Edge due to capacity expansion. A 1 increase of ProWood due primarily to expansion of our fire treating capabilities. 
 11 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 A 4 decline of Deckorators due to more normalized demand in Canada in 2022 compared to 2021 when we had a large inventory build with a customer in the prior period. A 4 decline of Sunbelt due to more normalized demand from their big box customers. A 16 decline of Outdoor Essentials primarily due to a softening of fencing demand in the second half of 2022. 
 In addition, new product sales increased approximately 35.6 to 307 million in 2022 compared to 2021 and our sales to big box customers increased 9 . Gross profits increased 15.7 to 344.5 million in 2022 compared to 2021. Our change in gross profits was attributable to the following: 
 The gross profits of our Sunbelt and ProWood business units increased by a total of 45.3 million. The products sold by these units consist primarily of pressure treated lumber sold at a variable price tied to the lumber market. Our gross profits improved in 2022 due to a less severe impact of volatile lumber prices due, in part, to better inventory positioning relative to demand and increased use of vendor managed inventory programs. Acquisitions contributed 19.9 million to the increase. Our Deckorator s business unit increased by approximately 1.7 million. The gross profit of our Outdoor Essentials and other business units collectively decreased by approximately 8.6 million. The transfer of certain sales to the Construction segment reduced gross profits by 11.7 million. 
 Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses increased by approximately 24.4 million, or 14.4 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The SG A of recently acquired businesses contributed approximately 8.4 million to this increase. Accrued bonus expense, which varies with our overall profitability and return on investment, increased approximately 2.0 million and totaled approximately 37.0 million in 2022. The remaining increase was primarily due to increases in sales incentive compensation of 8.6 million, travel related expenses of 2.5 million, advertising expenses of 2.0 million, and bad debt expenses of 1.4 million. Earnings from operations of the Retail reportable segment increased in 2022 compared to 2021 by 21.6 million, or 16.8 , as a result of the factors mentioned above. Packaging Segment: Net sales from the Packaging segment increased 11 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a 12 increase in selling prices attributable to favorable sales mix changes, as well as selective and value-based selling strategies. Unit sales declined 1 as the favorable impact of recent acquisitions was offset by a 2 decrease in organic unit sales. 
 12 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Gross profits increased by 121.6 million, or 26 , to 586.2 million in 2022 compared to 2021. Acquisitions contributed 7.0 million to the increase in gross profit. The remaining increase is primarily a result of the pricing increases discussed above as well as favorable changes in our value-added sales mix. Excluding acquisitions, we estimate that value-added products contributed 117.7 million to the increase in gross profit, offset by a decrease of 3.1 million in the gross profit of commodity-based products. Value-added sales increased to 71.7 of total net sales in 2022 compared to 67.9 in 2021. The increase in value-added sales and gross profits is due in part to new products which contributed 78.7 million to gross profits this year 6.2 million from the acquisition of Advantage Label at the end of 2021). Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses increased by approximately 50.7 million, or 25.3 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Acquired operations in 2022 contributed approximately 4.5 million to total SG A expenses. Accrued bonus expense increased approximately 11.1 million compared to last year and totaled approximately 82.2 million for 2022. The remaining increase was primarily due to increases in bad debt expenses of 10.1 million, salaries and wages of 6.0 million, sales incentive compensation of 3.3 million, and travel related expenses of 2.2 million. Earnings from operations of the Packaging reportable segment in 2022 increased by 70.3 million, or 26.5 , compared to 2021 due to the factors discussed above. Construction Segment: Net sales from the Construction segment increased 17 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to an 11 increase in selling prices, 2 due to the transfer of certain product sales from the Retail segment, and organic unit sales growth of 4 . Organic unit changes within this segment consisted of increases of 28 in concrete forming, 30 in commercial construction, and 8 in factory-built housing. The organic unit sales of our site-built business unit decreased by 8 due to a combination of capacity and supply constraints and being more selective in the business we pursued. The organic increase in commercial is primarily due to an increase in customer demand in its retail market. As of December 31, 2022, we estimate that backlog orders associated with commercial construction totaled 136.7 million compared to 84.6 million as of December 25, 2021. The organic unit increase in concrete forming is primarily due to market share gains from sales of new products and new customers, including geographic expansion in the northeast. The increase is comprised of a 30 increase in our value-added unit sales and a 22 increase in our commodity-based unit sales. The value-added unit increase includes sales of manufactured and assembled concrete forms and engineered wood product sales. The organic unit increase in factory-built housing is primarily due to an increase in industry production. Capacity and supply constraints combined with our selective selling strategy impacted our ability to grow the unit sales of our site-built business unit. As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, we estimate that backlog orders associated with site-built construction totaled 91.1 million and 113.5 million, respectively. 
 Gross profits increased by 195.6 million, or 36.8 to 726.7 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in our gross profit was comprised of the following factors: 
 Gross profits in our site-built construction business unit increased by 136.4 million as a result of being more selective in the business that we took during a period of elevated demand and capacity and supply constraints. 
 13 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Gross profit of our factory-built housing business unit increased by 20.7 million as a result of increased unit sales and leveraging fixed costs. In addition, value-added sales in this business unit increased to 57.8 of total net sales in 2022 compared to 52.0 in 2021, and an increase in new product sales contributed approximately 4 million in gross profits this year. The gross profit of our commercial business unit increased 18.2 million as a result of increases in unit sales, better productivity and other operational improvements, as well as improved pricing discipline. The gross profit of our concrete forming business unit increased by 19.1 million, including 11.7 million as a result of the transfer of sales from the Retail segment. Acquired businesses contributed 1.2 million. 
 SG A expenses increased by approximately 60.8 million, or 22.8 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Acquired operations in 2022 contributed approximately 1.2 million to total SG A expenses. Accrued bonus expense increased approximately 25.1 million compared to last year and totaled approximately 95.9 million for 2022. The remaining increase was primarily due to increases in sales incentives of 8.1 million, bad debt expense of 6.2 million, salaries, wages, and benefits of 6.3 million, and travel related expenses of 2.6 million. Earnings from operations of the Construction reportable segment increased in 2022 compared to 2021 by 133.2 million, or 50.4 , due to the factors mentioned above. All Other Segment: Our All Other reportable segment consists of our International and Ardellis (our insurance captive) segments that are not significant to our overall results. The decrease in earnings from operations is primarily due to a 4 decrease in gross margin in the International segment and a 16 decrease in gross margin in our Ardellis segment, as well as a 3 increase in SG A as a percentage of net sales in our Ardellis segment, and 4.3 million of impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets in our Italian reporting unit. Corporate: The corporate segment primarily consists of net sales and gross profits on sales to external customers initiated by UFP Purchasing and UFP Transportation and over (under) allocated costs that are not significant. INTEREST EXPENSE Interest expense increased by only 0.1 million in 2022 compared to 2021 due to consistent debt balances year over year and interest on our outstanding debt during each period was primarily charged at fixed rates. See Note C of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements . INCOME TAXES Effective tax rates differ from statutory federal income tax rates, primarily due to provisions for state and local income taxes, and permanent tax differences. Our effective tax rate was 24.6 in 2022 compared to 23.9 in 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in non-deductible compensation, as well as prior year one time credits which decreased the 2021 tax expense. 
 14 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS We have no significant off-balance sheet commitments. The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands). 

Payments Due by Period Less than 1 3 3 5 After Contractual Obligation 1 Year Years Years 5 Years Total Long-term debt and finance lease obligations 2,851 40,846 5,734 228,665 278,096 Estimated interest on long-term debt and finance lease obligations 10,074 18,036 16,444 33,296 77,850 Operating leases 29,501 47,175 32,829 22,700 132,205 Capital project purchase obligations 67,599 67,599 Total 110,025 106,057 55,007 284,661 555,750 As of December 31, 2022, we also had 59.0 million in outstanding letters of credit issued during the normal course of business, as required by some vendor contracts. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES The table below presents, for the periods indicated, a summary of our cash flow statement (in thousands): 

December 31, December 25, 2022 2021 Cash from operating activities 831,567 512,477 Cash used in investing activities (353,936) (611,187) Cash used in financing activities (210,210) (45,006) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 979 (1,669) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 268,400 (145,385) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year 291,223 436,608 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year 559,623 291,223 In general, we fund our growth through a combination of operating cash flows, our revolving credit facility, and issuance of long-term notes payable at times when interest rates are favorable. We have not issued equity to finance growth except in the case of a large acquisition that occurred many years ago. We manage our capital structure by attempting to maintain a targeted ratio of debt to equity and debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We believe these financial ratios are among many other important factors to maintaining a strong credit profile, which in turn helps ensure timely access to capital when needed. Seasonality has a significant impact on our working capital due to our primary selling season which occurs during the period from March to September. Consequently, our working capital increases during our first and second quarters resulting in negative or modest cash flows from operations during those periods. Conversely, we experience a substantial decrease in working capital once we move beyond our peak selling season which typically results in significant cash flows from operations in our third and fourth quarters. 
 15 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Due to the seasonality of our business and the effects of the Lumber Market, we believe our cash cycle (days of sales outstanding plus days supply of inventory less days payables are outstanding) is a good indicator of our working capital management. As indicated in the table below, our cash cycle decreased slightly to 56 days in 2022 from 57 days in 2021. 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, December 25, 2022 2021 Days of sales outstanding 36 34 Days supply of inventory 40 43 Days payables outstanding (20) (20) Days in cash cycle 56 57 The increase in our days of sales outstanding was primarily due to increases in our packaging and construction segments. The decrease in our days supply of inventory was due to better inventory positioning relative to demand and increased usage of vendor managed inventories in 2022. Our cash flows from operating activities in 2022 was 831.6 million, which was comprised of net earnings of 705.0 million and 138.9 million of non-cash expenses, offset by a 12.3 million increase in working capital since the end of December 2021. Comparatively, cash generated from operating activities was approximately 512.5 million in 2021, which was comprised of net earnings of 552.4 million and 114.8 million of non-cash expenses, offset by a 12.0 million gain on the sale of certain assets and 142.7 million increase in working capital since the end of December 2020. Our investment in working capital at the end of 2022 was impacted by a softening of demand and a decline in lumber prices near the end of the year. Our cash used in investing activities during 2022 was 353.9 million, primarily reflecting purchases of property, plant, and equipment totaling 174.1 million and business acquisitions totaling 180.2 million. See Note C of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements . Our outstanding purchase commitments on existing capital projects totaled approximately 63.2 million on December 31, 2022. Capital spending primarily consists of several projects to expand capacity to manufacture new and value-added products, achieve efficiencies through automation, make improvements to a number of facilities, and increase our transportation capacity (tractors, trailers) in order to meet higher volumes and replace old rolling stock. Notable areas of capital spending include projects to: Increase the capacity and efficiency of our plants that produce our Deckorators mineral-based composite and wood-plastic composite decking Expand our capacity to produce UFP Edge siding, pattern and trim products, machine-built pallets, engineered wood and metal components for site-built construction Invest in automation opportunities. Enhance the working environment of several facilities. 
 In addition, we sold property, plants, and equipment for proceeds of 3.8 million. Finally, the sale and purchase of investments totaling 12.9 million and 19.9 million, respectively, are due to investment activity in our captive insurance subsidiary. Comparatively, cash used in investing activities during 2021 was 611.2 million, reflecting purchases of property, plant, and equipment totaling 151.2 million, business acquisitions totaling 476.0 million, proceeds from the sale of property, plant, and equipment of 30.0 million, and the sale and purchase of investments totaling 14.9 million and 23.8 million, respectively, due to investment activity in our captive insurance subsidiary. 
 16 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Cash flows used in financing activities during 2022 primarily consisted of the payment of quarterly dividends totaling 58.9 million, distributions to noncontrolling interests of 12.0 million, 95.8 million in repurchases of our common stock at an average price of 76.83 per share, and net debt repayments of 41.2 million. Comparatively in 2021, cash flows used in financing activities consisted of 40.2 million in dividend payments, 6.8 million in distributions to noncontrolling interests, and net borrowings under our revolving credit facility of 3.4 million. The increase in our dividends is primarily due to an increase in the rates our board approved as a result of our growth in earnings and operating cash flow. On November 1, 2018, we entered into a five-year, 375 million unsecured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of U.S. banks. On February 28, 2021, this credit agreement was amended to increase the availability from 375 million to 550 million by exercising the accordion feature in the original agreement. On December 6, 2022, a second amendment was filed increasing the availability from 550 million to 750 million. The facilities now include up to 60 million which may be advanced in the form of letters of credit, and up to 100 million (U.S. dollar equivalent) which may be advanced in Canadian dollars, Australian dollars, Sterling, Euros and such other foreign currencies as may subsequently be agreed upon among the parties. Cash borrowings are charged interest based upon an index selected by the Company, plus a margin that is determined based upon the index selected and upon the financial performance of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. We are charged a facility fee on the entire amount of the lending commitment, at a per annum rate ranging from 15.0 to 30.0 basis points, also determined based upon our performance. The facility fee is payable quarterly in arrears. On December 31, 2022, we had 5.5 million outstanding on our 750 million revolving credit facility, and we had approximately 741.2 million in remaining availability after considering 3.3 million in outstanding letters of credit. Financial covenants on the unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured notes include minimum interest tests and a maximum leverage ratio. The agreements also restrict the amount of additional indebtedness we may incur and the amount of assets which may be sold. We were in compliance with all our covenant requirements on December 31, 2022. ENVIRONMENTAL CONSIDERATIONS AND REGULATIONS See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note L, Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees . CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we follow accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. These principles require us to make certain estimates and apply judgments that affect our financial position and results of operations. We continually review our accounting policies and financial information disclosures. Following is a summary of our more significant accounting policies that require the use of estimates and judgments in preparing the financial statements. GOODWILL We evaluate goodwill for indicators of impairment when events or circumstances indicate that this risk may be present. Our judgments regarding the existence of impairment are based on market conditions, operational performance and estimated future cash flows. Determining whether an impairment has occurred requires the valuation of the respective reporting unit, which we have consistently estimated using primarily a weighted average between income and market valuation approaches. We believe this approach is the most appropriate and accurate method to measure the fair value of our intangible assets. We use discounted cash flow analysis with the following assumption: a business is worth today what it can generate in future cash flows; cash received today is worth more than an equal amount of cash received in the future; and future cash flows can be reasonably estimated. The discounted cash flow analysis is based on the present value of projected cash flows and residual values. 
 17 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 If the carrying value of goodwill is considered impaired, an impairment charge is recorded to adjust it to its fair value. Changes in forecasted operations and changes in discount rates can materially affect these estimates. In addition, we test goodwill annually for impairment or more frequently if changes in circumstances or the occurrence of other events suggest impairments exist. The test for impairment requires us to make several estimates about fair value, most of which are based on projected future cash flows and market valuation multiples. Changes in these estimates may result in the recognition of an impairment loss. On our annual testing date of September 24, 2022, we experienced significantly lower than expected operating results within our italian reporting unit, which is within the All Other segment. It was determined that the carrying value of the Italian reporting unit exceeded its fair value and we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 2.5 million as of December 31, 2022, which represented the entire amount of the goodwill recorded within the reporting unit, as a result. For the remaining reporting units, the fair values exceed the carrying values and there were no indicators for impairment. We believe we have sufficient available information, both current and historical, to support our assumptions, judgments and estimates used in the goodwill impairment test. REVENUE RECOGNITION Revenue for product sales is recognized at the time the performance obligation is satisfied, which is primarily when the goods are delivered to the carrier, Free On Board (FOB) shipping point. Generally, title passes at the time of shipment. In certain circumstances, the customer takes title when the shipment arrives at the destination. However, our shipping process is typically completed the same day. Performance on construction contracts is reflected in operations using over time accounting, under either the cost to cost or units of delivery methods, depending on the nature of the business at individual operations. Under over time accounting using the cost to cost method, revenues and related earnings on construction contracts are measured by the relationships of actual costs incurred related to the total estimated costs. Under over time accounting using the units of delivery method, revenues and related earnings on construction contracts are measured by the relationships of actual units produced related to the total number of units. Revisions in earnings estimates on the construction contracts are recorded in the accounting period in which the basis for such revisions becomes known. Projected losses on individual contracts are charged to operations in their entirety when such losses become apparent. Our construction contracts are generally entered into with a fixed price and completion of the projects can range from 6 to 18 months in duration. Therefore, our operating results are impacted by, among many other things, labor rates and commodity costs. During the year, we update our estimated costs to complete our projects using current labor and commodity costs and recognize losses to the extent that they exist. SHORT-TERM OUTLOOK We believe current economic conditions indicate the U.S. economy is either in or headed towards a recession, which will impact our results and vary depending on its severity and duration. The following factors should be considered when evaluating our future results: Lumber prices, which impact our cost of goods sold and selling prices, have normalized due to additional capacity added by sawmills and demand falling from peak levels as a result of inflation and increase in interest rates. We anticipate lumber prices will follow a more typical seasonal pattern consistent with historical trends and demand. 
 18 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Retail segment sales accounted for 38 of our net sales in 2022. When evaluating future demand for the segment, we analyze data such as the same-store sales growth of national home improvement retailers and forecasts of home remodeling activity. Based on this data, we currently anticipate market demand to be flat to slightly down in 2023. Packaging segment sales accounted for 25 of our net sales in 2022. When evaluating future demand, we consider a number of metrics, including the Purchasing Managers Index (PMI), durable goods manufacturing, and U.S. real GDP. We currently estimate industrial production to be flat to slightly down in 2023. Construction segment sales accounted for 33 of our net sales in 2022. - The site-built business unit accounted for approximately 14 of our net sales in 2022. Approximately one-third of site-built customers are multifamily builders. More than 75 of our site-built residential housing sales are in areas such as Texas and the Mid-Atlantic, Southeast and Mountain West regions, which have experienced significant population growth through migration from other states and are forecasted to continue to grow in the long term. When evaluating future demand, we analyze data from housing starts in those regions. The Mortgage Bankers Association of America forecasts a 10 decrease in national housing starts to an estimated 1.42 million starts in 2023 and the National Association of Home Builders forecasts starts of 1.14 million, a 27 decrease from 2022. The consensus estimates of all housing starts is for a 15 to 20 decline in 2023. - The factory-built business unit accounted for 12 of our net sales in 2022. This business, along with our multifamily business, could benefit from higher interest rates as buyers seek more affordable housing alternatives. As a result of these factors, we believe these customers are better insulated from downturns in the housing market. When evaluating future demand, we analyze data from production of manufactured housing. The National Association of Home Builders forecasts a 24 decrease in manufactured home shipments in 2023. - The commercial and concrete forming business units accounted for approximately 6 of our net sales in 2022. When evaluating future demand, we analyze data from non-residential construction spending. 
 On a consolidated basis, and based on our 2022 results of operations and business mix, we believe our decremental operating margin is in a range of 15 to 20 of net sales. In other words, we believe for every dollar decrease in sales, relative to the prior year, our earnings from operations may decline by 0.15 to 0.20. As a point of reference, our peak to trough decremental operating margin during the Great Recession was approximately 13.5 (2006 peak to 2011 trough). We estimate that our decremental margins by segment are as follows: - Packaging is in a range of 20 to 25 - Construction is in a range of 20 to 25 - We currently anticipate improvement in operating profits in our Retail segment in 2023, primarily due to an expectation of less volatile lumber prices in 2023 and other operational improvements. The severe volatility of lumber prices in 2022 and 2021 adversely impacted the results of this segment. 
 Key factors that may impact the ranges provided above include estimates of: - The impact and level of the Lumber Market and trends in the commodity and other material costs of our products 
 19 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 - Changes in our selling prices - Changes in our sales mix by segment, business unit, and product - Changes in labor rates - Our ability to reduce variable manufacturing, freight, selling, general, and administrative costs, particularly certain personnel costs, in line with net sales - The results of our salaried bonus plan, which is based on pre-bonus profits and achieving minimum levels of pre-bonus return on investment over a required hurdle rate - Inflation and other changes in costs 
 LONG-TERM OUTLOOK GOALS Our long-term objectives include: Growing our annual unit sales by 5 to 7 percent. We anticipate smaller tuck-in acquisitions will contribute toward this goal; Achieving and sustaining a 10 percent EBITDA margin by continuing to enhance our capabilities and grow our portfolio and sales of value-added products; Earning an incremental return on new investment over our cost of capital; and Maintaining a conservative capital structure. 
 RETAIL SEGMENT The Home Improvement Research Institute HIRI anticipates growth in home improvement spending and has forecasted a 3.9 compounded annual growth rate through 2025. Sales of our Retail Solutions segment comprised approximately 38 of our annual sales in 2022. We continue to compete for market share for certain retail customers and face intense pricing pressure from other suppliers to this market. Our long-term goal is to achieve sales growth by: Increasing our market share of value-added products, including our Deckorators, Edge, and Outdoor Essentials product lines. Continued investment in capacity for Deckorators and Edge is expected to contribute to this increase. Developing new products and increasing our emphasis on product innovation and product differentiation in order to counter commoditization trends and influences. 
 20 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Acquiring businesses in core product categories when those opportunities exist. Adding new products and customers through strategic business acquisitions or alliances. 
 PACKAGING SEGMENT Our goal is to increase our sales of wood, wood alternative, and protective packaging products to a wide variety of packaging customers and manufactured wood components for OEM users. We believe the vast amount of hardwood and softwood lumber consumed for packaging applications, combined with the highly fragmented nature of this market, provides us with market share growth opportunities as a result of our competitive advantages in manufacturing, purchasing, and material utilization. In addition, purchasers of packaging products with a wide geographic footprint increasingly desire to reduce the number of suppliers they buy from, which provides an opportunity to gain market share due to our international presence. We plan to continue to obtain market share by expanding our manufacturing capacity, enhancing our capabilities and product offerings to enhance the solutions we offer our customers, and improving our ability to serve large regional and international customers in targeted markets. We plan to continue to pursue acquisition opportunities that meet our strategic criteria and help us meet these objectives. The recently implemented reorganization of our business to market-based segments is intended to promote higher rates of sales growth through the introduction of new products, including protective and other packaging materials, and enhanced expertise in this market as well as improved earnings through more efficient use of our people, resources and capital. Market indicators that should be considered when evaluating future demand for our products in the packaging segment include industrial production, the Purchasing Managers Index, and U.S. GDP. Sales in this segment comprised approximately 25 of our annual sales in 2022. CONSTRUCTION SEGMENT The National Association of Home Builders forecasts a 6 decrease in manufactured home shipments from 2023 to 2024. We currently supply approximately 45.0 of the trusses used in manufactured housing and we will strive to maintain our market share of trusses produced for this market. Sales of our Factory Built business unit within our Construction segment comprised approximately 12 of our annual sales in 2022. The Mortgage Bankers Association of America forecasts national housing starts of 1.54 million in 2024 and the National Association of Home Builders forecasts starts of 1.3 million in 2024. The consensus estimate of all housing starts is 1.36 million, a 7 increase from 2023. As a result of our conservative approach to adding capacity to serve this market and focus on managing potential channel conflicts with certain customers, our growth may trail the market in future years. Sales of our Site Built business unit within our Construction segment comprised approximately 14 of our annual sales in 2022. Non-residential construction spending is a market indicator that should be considered when evaluating future demand for our products in our Commercial and Concrete Forming business units within our Construction segment. Sales in these business units comprised approximately 4 and 3 , respectively, of our annual sales in 2022. GROSS PROFIT We believe the following factors may impact our gross profits and margins in the future: End market demand and our ability to grow and leverage fixed costs and price our products based on the value we offer our customers. 
 21 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The effective implementation of our strategy to focus and manage our operations around the markets we serve. Our ability to maintain market share and gross margins on products sold to our largest customers. We believe our level of service, geographic diversity, and quality of products provides an added value to our customers. However, if our customers are unwilling to pay for these advantages, our sales and gross margins may be reduced. Sales mix of value-added and commodity products. Fluctuations in the relative level of the Lumber Market and trends in the market price of lumber. (See "Impact of the Lumber Market on our Operating Results.") Fuel and transportation costs. Rising labor and benefit costs. Our ability to continue to achieve productivity improvements as our unit sales increase and planned cost reductions through continuous improvement activities, automation, and other initiatives. Changes in corporate income tax rates and the cost of complying with new or increased government regulations. 
 SELLING, GENERAL, AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES In recent years, selling, general and administrative (SG A) expenses have increased due to acquisitions and added personnel hired to take advantage of growth opportunities and execute our initiatives intended to increase our sales of new products and improve our sales mix of value-added products. We anticipate our trend of increases in these costs will continue; however, our objective is to reduce these costs on a per unit basis and as a percentage of gross profits as we grow through the improved productivity of our people and as a result of fixed costs. In addition, bonus and other incentive expenses is based on our profitability and the effective management of our assets and will continue to fluctuate based on our results. See Note H Common Stock for discussion of future compensation costs related to long-term share-based bonus awards. On a long-term basis, we expect that our SG A expenses will primarily be impacted by: Our growth in sales to the packaging and the construction segments. Our sales to these segments require a higher ratio of SG A costs due, in part, to product design and engineering requirements. Sales of new products and value-added, branded products to the retail segment, which generally require higher product development, marketing, advertising, and other selling costs. Our incentive compensation programs which are tied to gross profits, pre-bonus earnings from operations and threshold levels of return on investment. Our growth and success in achieving continuous improvement objectives designed to improve our productivity and leverage our fixed costs as we grow. 

 22 

Table of Contents UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our cash cycle will continue to be impacted in the future by our mix of sales by segment. Sales from our Construction and Packaging segments require a greater investment in receivables than sales to our Retail segment, while our Retail segment generally requires a greater investment in inventory. Also, our net investment in trade receivables, inventory, and accounts payable will continue to be impacted by the level of lumber prices. Additionally, we expect to spend approximately 200 million to 225 million on capital expenditures, incur depreciation of approximately 120 million, and incur amortization and other non-cash expenses of approximately 35 million in 2023. On December 31, 2022, we had outstanding purchase commitments on capital projects of approximately 63.2 million. We intend to fund capital expenditures and purchase commitments through our operating cash flows and availability under our revolving credit facility which is considered sufficient to meet these commitments and working capital needs. Our dividend rates are reviewed and approved at each of our February, April, July, and October board meetings and payments are made in March, June, September, and December of each year. Our board considers our dividend yield, payout ratios relative to earnings and operating cash flow, and potential variability of future results, among other factors, as part of its decision-making process. We have a share repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors, and as of March 1, 2023 we have remaining authorization to buy back approximately 2 million shares. In the past, we have repurchased shares in order to offset the effect of issuances resulting from our employee benefit plans and at opportune times when our stock price falls to predetermined levels. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of UFP Industries, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of UFP Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Grand Rapids, Michigan March 1, 2023 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of UFP Industries, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of UFP Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Accounting for Unconsolidated Variable Interest Entities - Refer to Note C, Business Combinations, to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company periodically purchases a partial ownership interest in other entities. The agreements related to such purchases can be complex, requiring management to evaluate whether the entities should be accounted for under the equity method or consolidated. In addition, management must also evaluate whether the acquired interest in the entity represents a variable interest entity VIE and if so, whether the Company is the primary beneficiary. This assessment requires judgment by management. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 We identified the equity method or consolidation accounting and the related VIE primary beneficiary assessment of the Company s partial ownership interest acquisitions as a critical audit matter given the judgment required by management. This required a higher degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort due to the complexity of the entity structures and agreements. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the determination of equity method or consolidation accounting, inclusive of VIE primary beneficiary assessment, included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of the controls over the accounting assessment of acquisitions. We evaluated the appropriateness of the Company s accounting conclusions related to equity method or consolidation accounting for a partial ownership interest entity by: - Reading the acquisition agreement and other related documents and evaluating the structure and terms of the agreements to determine if the acquired ownership interest should be classified as a VIE. 
 If an entity is determined to be a VIE, considered whether the Company appropriately determined the primary beneficiary by evaluating the contractual arrangements of the entity to determine if the Company has the power to direct activities, and if the Company has the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could be significant to the VIE. Consulted with our internal firm specialists to assist in auditing management s equity method or consolidation accounting conclusion inclusive of the VIE primary beneficiary assessment. 
 /s/ March 1, 2023 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except share data) December 31, December 25, 2022 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Investments Accounts receivable, net Inventories: Raw materials Finished goods Total inventories Refundable income taxes Other current assets TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS DEFERRED INCOME TAXES RESTRICTED INVESTMENTS RIGHT OF USE ASSETS OTHER ASSETS GOODWILL INDEFINITE-LIVED INTANGIBLE ASSETS OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT: Property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Cash overdraft Accounts payable Accrued liabilities: Compensation and benefits Other Current portion of lease liability Current portion of long-term debt TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES LONG-TERM DEBT LEASE LIABILITY DEFERRED INCOME TAXES OTHER LIABILITIES TOTAL LIABILITIES TEMPORARY EQUITY: Redeemable noncontrolling interest SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY: Controlling interest shareholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized ; issued and outstanding, Common stock, par value; shares authorized ; issued and outstanding , and Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total controlling interest shareholders equity Noncontrolling interest TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(in thousands, except per share data) Year Ended December 31, December 25, December 26, 2022 2021 2020 NET SALES COST OF GOODS SOLD GROSS PROFIT SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES OTHER LOSS (GAINS), NET ) EARNINGS FROM OPERATIONS INTEREST EXPENSE INTEREST AND INVESTMENT INCOME ) ) ) EQUITY IN LOSS OF INVESTEE EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES INCOME TAXES NET EARNINGS LESS NET EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTEREST ) ) ) NET EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO CONTROLLING INTEREST EARNINGS PER SHARE BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE DILUTED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME: NET EARNINGS OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME LESS COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTEREST ) ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO CONTROLLING INTEREST See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (in thousands, except share and per share data) Controlling Interest Shareholders Equity Additional Accumulated Other Common Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Noncontrolling Temporary Stock Capital Earnings Earnings Interest (NCI) Total Equity Balance on December 28, 2019 ) Net earnings Foreign currency translation adjustment Unrealized gain on debt securities Distributions to NCI ) ) NCI related to business combinations ) ) Cash dividends - per share ) ) Issuance of shares under employee stock purchase plan Issuance of shares under stock grant programs Issuance of shares under deferred compensation plan ) Repurchase of shares ) ) ) Expense associated with share-based compensation arrangements Accrued expense under deferred compensation plans Balance on December 26, 2020 ) Net earnings Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Unrealized gain on investments and other ) ) Distributions to NCI ) ) NCI related to business combinations Cash dividends - per share ) ) Issuance of shares under employee stock purchase plan Issuance of shares under stock grant programs Issuance of shares under deferred compensation plan ) Expense associated with share-based compensation arrangements Accrued expense under deferred compensation plans Balance on December 25, 2021 ) Net earnings Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Unrealized gain on investments and other ) ) Distributions to NCI ) ) Contributions to NCI NCI related to business combinations ) Redeemable NCI ) ) Cash dividends - per share ) ) Issuance of shares under employee stock purchase plan Issuance of shares under stock grant programs Issuance of shares under deferred compensation plan ) Repurchase of shares ) ) ) Expense associated with share-based compensation arrangements Accrued expense under deferred compensation plans Balance on December 31, 2022 ) See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands) Year Ended December 31, December 25, December 26, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangibles Expense associated with share-based and grant compensation arrangements Deferred income taxes (credit) ) Unrealized loss (gain) on investments and other ) ) Equity in loss of investee Net loss (gain) on sale and disposition of assets ) Impairment of goodwill and other intangibles Gain from reduction of estimated earnout liability ) Changes in: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable and cash overdraft ) Accrued liabilities and other ) NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Acquisitions, net of cash received and purchase of equity method investment ) ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments Other ) NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) ) CASH FLOWS USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Borrowings under revolving credit facilities Repayments under revolving credit facilities ) ) ) Repayments of debt ) Contingent consideration payments and other ) ) ) Issuance of long-term debt Proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends paid to shareholders ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Other ) ) NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD RECONCILIATION OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH: Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Restricted cash, end of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: Interest paid Income taxes paid NON-CASH INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures included in accounts payable NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Common stock issued under deferred compensation plans See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS markets: retail, construction and packaging. Founded in 1955, we are headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, with affiliates throughout North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. or week period, ending on the last Saturday of December. Unless otherwise stated, references to 2022, 2021, and 2020 relate to the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020, respectively. Fiscal year 2022 was comprised of 53 weeks and fiscal years 2021 and 2020 were comprised of weeks. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 million of restricted investments recorded as of December 31, 2022. ) Year Ended December 25, 2021: Allowance for possible losses on accounts receivable ) Year Ended December 26, 2020: Allowance for possible losses on accounts receivable ) 

 Includes accounts charged off, discounts given to customers and actual customer returns and allowances. We record estimated sales returns, discounts, and other applicable adjustments as a reduction of net sales in the same period revenue is recognized. Accounts receivable retainage amounts related to long term construction contracts totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. All amounts are expected to be collected within . Concentration of accounts receivable related to our largest customers totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 25, 2021. We write down the value of inventory, the impact of which is reflected in cost of goods sold in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings and Comprehensive Income, if the cost of specific inventory items on hand exceeds the amount we expect to realize from the ultimate sale or disposal of the inventory. These estimates are based on management's judgment regarding future demand and market conditions and analysis of historical experience. There was lower of cost or net realizable value adjustment to inventory as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. Building and improvements Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Total Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross Amortization of assets held under finance leases is included in depreciation and amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term. Depreciation is computed principally by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: to Buildings and improvements to Machinery, equipment and office furniture to Software costs are included in machinery and equipment on the balance sheet with gross amounts and accumulated amortization totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022, and million and million as of December 25, 2021, respectively. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 million as of December 31, 2022, which represented the entire amount of the goodwill recorded within the reporting unit. For the remaining reporting units, the fair values exceed the carrying values and there were no indicators for impairment. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million related to the commercial reporting unit within our construction segment. We believe we have sufficient available information, both current and historical, to support our assumptions, judgments and estimates used in the goodwill impairment test. Our annual testing date for evaluating goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment is the first day of our fourth fiscal quarter for all reporting units. Additionally, we review various triggering events throughout the year to determine whether a mid-year impairment analysis is required. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 such contracts in place. Reserves associated with these contracts were million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 25, 2021, and are accrued based on third party actuarial valuations of the expected future liabilities. primary segments (Retail, Packaging, and Construction) that the Company operates, there are a variety of written agreements governing the sale of our products and services. The transaction price is stated at the purchase order level, which includes shipping and/or freight costs and any applicable governmental authority taxes. The majority of our contracts have a single performance obligation concentrated around the delivery of goods to the carrier, Free On Board (FOB) shipping point. Therefore, revenue is recognized when this performance obligation is satisfied. Generally, title and control passes at the time of shipment. In certain circumstances, the customer takes title when the shipment arrives at the destination. However, our shipping process is typically completed the same day. Certain customer products that we provide require installation by the Company or a third party. Installation revenue is recognized upon completion. If we use a third party for installation, the party will act as an agent to us until completion of the installation. Installation revenue represents an immaterial share of our total net sales. We utilize rebates, credits, discounts and/or cash-based incentives with certain customers which are accounted for as variable consideration. We estimate these amounts based on the expected amount to be provided to customers and reduce revenues recognized. We believe that there will not be significant changes to our estimates of variable consideration. The allocation of these costs are applied at the invoice level and recognized in conjunction with revenue. Additionally, returns and refunds are estimated on a historical and expected basis which is a reduction of revenue recognized. Earnings on construction contracts are reflected in operations using over time accounting, under either cost to cost or units of delivery methods, depending on the nature of the business at individual operations, which is in accordance with ASC 606 as revenue is recognized when certain performance obligations are performed. Under over time accounting using the cost to cost method, revenues and related earnings on construction contracts are measured by the relationships of actual costs incurred related to the total estimated costs. Under over time accounting using the units of delivery method, revenues and related earnings on construction contracts are measured by the relationships of actual units produced related to the total number of units. Revisions in earnings estimates on the construction contracts are recorded in the accounting period in which the basis for such revisions becomes known. Projected losses on individual contracts are charged to operations in their entirety when such losses become apparent. Our construction contracts are generally entered into with a fixed price and completion of the projects can range from 6 to in duration. Therefore, our operating results are impacted by, among many other things, labor rates and commodity costs. During the year, we update our estimated costs to complete our projects using current labor and commodity costs and recognize losses to the extent that they exist. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Over Time Revenue ) Total Net Sales The Construction segment comprises the construction contract revenue shown above. Construction contract revenue is primarily made up of site-built and framing customers. Billings in Excess of Cost and Earnings SHIPPING AND HANDLING OF PRODUCT Shipping and handling costs that are charged to and reimbursed by the customer are recognized as revenue. Costs incurred related to the shipment and handling of products are classified in cost of goods sold. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Adjustment for earnings allocated to non-vested restricted common stock ) ) ) Net earnings for calculating EPS Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Adjustment for non-vested restricted common stock ) ) ) Shares for calculating basic EPS Effect of dilutive restricted common stock Shares for calculating diluted EPS Net earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Fixed income funds Treasury securities Equity securities Alternative investments Mutual funds: Domestic stock funds International stock funds Target funds Bond funds Alternative funds Total mutual funds Total From the assets measured at fair value as of December 31, 2022, listed in the table above, million of money market funds are held in Cash and Cash Equivalents, million of mutual funds, equity securities, and alternative investments are held in Investments, million of money market and mutual funds are held in Other Assets for our deferred compensation plan, and million of fixed income funds and million of money market funds are held in Restricted Investments. We maintain money market, mutual funds, bonds, and/or equity securities in our non-qualified deferred compensation plan, our wholly owned licensed captive insurance company, and assets held in financial institutions. These funds are valued at prices quoted in an active exchange market and are included in "Cash and Cash Equivalents", "Investments", "Other Assets", and Restricted Investments. We have elected not to apply the fair value option under ASC 825, Financial Instruments, to any of our financial instruments except for those expressly required by U.S. GAAP. During 2018, we purchased a private real estate income trust which is valued as a Level 3 asset and is categorized as an Alternative Investment. In accordance with our investment policy, our wholly-owned company, Ardellis Insurance Ltd. ("Ardellis"), maintains an investment portfolio, totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively, which has been included in the aforementioned table of total investments. This portfolio consists of domestic and international equity securities, alternative investments, and fixed income bonds. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 ) Treasury Securities Equity Mutual Funds Alternative Investments Total Our fixed income investments consist of a blend of US Government and Agency bonds and investment grade corporate bonds with varying maturities. Our equity investments consist of small, mid, and large cap growth and value funds, as well as international equity. Our mutual fund investments consist of domestic and international stock. Our alternative investments consist of a private real estate income trust which is valued as a Level 3 asset. The net pre-tax unrealized gain was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Carrying amounts above are recorded in the investments and restricted investments line items within the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 cash paid for asset purchase Packaging Titan Corrugated, Inc. (Titan) and All Boxed Up, LLC Located in Flower Mound, TX and founded in 2003, Titan s primary products include boxes used in moving and storage, jumbo boxes for industrial products, corrugated shipping containers, and point-of-purchase displays. All Boxed Up distributes common box sizes manufactured by Titan throughout the United States. The combined companies had trailing 12-month sales through October 2022 of approximately million. June 27, 2022 cash paid for equity method investment Packaging Dempsey Wood Products, Inc. (Dempsey) Located in Orangeburg, South Carolina and founded in 1988, Dempsey is a sawmill which produces products such as kiln dried finished lumber, industrial lumber, green cut stock lumber, pine chips and shavings, landscaping mulch, and sawdust. The Company had sales of approximately million in 2021. May 9, 2022 cash paid for asset purchase Retail Cedar Poly, LLC Located in Tipton, Iowa, Cedar Poly is a full-service recycler of high-density and low-density polyethylene (HDPE and LDPE) flakes and pellets used in various products, including composite decking. The company also recycles corrugate and operates its own transportation fleet. Cedar Poly had 2021 sales of approximately million and will operate in UFP s Deckorators business unit. December 27, 2021 cash paid for stock purchase, net of acquired cash and estimated contingent consideration Retail Ultra Aluminum Manufacturing, Inc. (Ultra) Located in Howell, Michigan and founded in 1996, Ultra is a leading manufacturer of aluminum fencing, gates and railing. The company designs and produces an extensive selection of ornamental aluminum fence and railing products for contractors, landscapers, fence dealers and wholesalers. The Company had sales of approximately million in 2021. December 20, 2021 cash paid for stock purchase and estimated contingent consideration Packaging Advantage Labels Packaging, Inc. (Advantage) Based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Advantage provides blank and customized labels, printers, label applicators and other packaging supplies. Key industries served by the company include beer and beverage; body armor; food production and processing; greenhouse and nursery; hobby and craft; manufacturing; and automotive. The company had trailing 12-month sales through November 2021 of approximately million. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 cash paid for stock purchase and noncontrolling interest, net of acquired cash ) Other Ficus Pax Private Limited (Ficus) Headquartered in Bangalore, India, Ficus manufactures mixed-material cases and crates, nail-less plywood boxes, wooden pallets and other packaging products through facilities located in major industrial markets throughout southern India. Ficus also owns a majority stake in Wadpack, a manufacturer of corrugated fiber board containers, corrugated pallets and display solutions. The Company had trailing 12-month sales through August 2021 of approximately million USD. November 1, 2021 cash paid for asset purchase and estimated contingent consideration (979) Other Boxpack Packaging (Boxpack) Based near Melbourne, Australia, Boxpack specializes in flexographic and lithographic cardboard packaging, using the latest CAD design and finishing techniques. Boxpack serves multiple industries, including food and beverage, confectionary, pharmaceutical, industrial and agricultural. The Company had trailing 12-month sales through June 30, 2021, of million USD million AUD). September 27, 2021 cash paid for asset purchase and estimated contingent consideration 2,404 Construction Shelter Products, Inc. (Shelter) Based in Haleyville, Alabama, Shelter operates its distribution and logistics business from an sq.-ft. warehouse that specializes in manufactured housing industry customers. Shelter s facility is adjacent to a UFP manufacturing facility that supplies trusses to manufactured housing builders, and the proximity will enable additional operational synergies. The Company had sales of approximately million in 2020. April 29, 2021 cash paid for asset purchase 3,030 Construction Endurable Building Products, LLC (Endurable) Based near Minneapolis, Minnesota, Endurable is a leading manufacturer of customized structural aluminum systems and products for exterior purposes, such as deck framing, balconies, sunshades, railings and stairs. The company s trademarked alumiLAST aluminum deck and balcony systems are known for their low-maintenance design and ease of installation. Endurable serves general contractors in the multifamily market throughout the U.S. and had sales of approximately million in 2020. April 19, 2021 cash paid for asset purchase 7,023 Retail Walnut Hollow Farm, Inc. Walnut Hollow Farm, located in Wisconsin, is engaged in the business of designing, manufacturing, selling, and distributing wood products, tools, and accessories for the craft and hobby, outdoor sportsman art, personalized home d cor, and hardware categories, with sales of approximately million in 2020. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 cash paid for asset purchase Retail Spartanburg Forest Products, Inc. Headquartered in Greer, South Carolina, Spartanburg Forest Products and its affiliates are a premier wood treating operation in the U.S., with approximately employees and operations in states. Its affiliates include Appalachian Forest Products, Innovative Design Industries, Blue Ridge Wood Preserving, Blue Ridge Wood Products, and Tidewater Wood Products and had combined sales of approximately million in 2020. March 1, 2021 cash paid for asset purchase and estimated contingent consideration 5,469 Other J.C. Gilmore Pty Ltd (Gilmores) Founded in 1988 and operating from its distribution facility in Port Melbourne, Australia, Gilmores is a leading distributor in the industrial and construction industries of packaging tapes, stretch films, packaging equipment, strapping, construction protection products and other items, with 2020 sales of million AUD million USD). December 28, 2020 cash paid for stock purchase 79,917 Retail/Packaging PalletOne, Inc. (PalletOne) Based in Bartow, Florida, PalletOne is a leading manufacturer of new pallets in the U.S., with pallet manufacturing facilities in the southern and eastern regions of the country. The company also supplies other specialized industrial packaging, including custom bins and crates, and its Sunbelt Forest Products (Sunbelt) subsidiary operates pressure-treating facilities in the Southeastern U.S. PalletOne and its affiliates had 2020 sales of million. The intangible assets for each acquisition were finalized and allocated to their respective identifiable intangible asset and goodwill accounts during 2022, except for the acquisitions of All Boxed Up, Titan and Cedar Poly. In aggregate, acquisitions made during 2022 and 2021, contributed approximately billion in net sales and million in operating profit during 2022. Titan Cedar Poly Ultra Advantage Ficus Boxpack Shelter Endurable Walnut Hollow Gilmores PalletOne (estimate) 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 As a result of the investment in Dempsey on June 27, 2022, we own of the issued equity of the Company, and the remaining of the issued equity is owned by the previous owners Sellers ). The investment in Dempsey is an unconsolidated variable interest entity and we have accounted for it using the equity method of accounting because we do not have a controlling financial interest in the entity. Per the contracts, the Sellers have a put right to sell their equity interest to us for million and we have a call right to purchase the Seller s equity interest for million, which are both first exercisable in June 2025 and expire in June 2030. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our investment in Dempsey is million and is recorded in Other Assets. Our maximum exposure to loss consists of our investment amount and any contingent loss that may occur in the future as a result of a change in the fair value of Dempsey relative to the strike price of the put option. The business combinations mentioned above were not significant to our operating results individually or in aggregate, and thus pro forma results for 2022 and 2021 are not presented. 2021 Acquisitions 2021 Purchase Accounting Adjustments ) ) ) ) ) Foreign Exchange, Net ) ) ) Balance as of December 25, 2021 2022 Acquisitions 2022 Purchase Accounting Adjustments ) ) ) ) 2022 Impairments ) ) Foreign Exchange, Net ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 As of the date of the most recent goodwill impairment test, which utilized data and assumptions as of September 24, 2022, all reporting units had fair values that were substantially in excess of their carrying values, except for the Italian reporting unit. It was determined that the carrying value of the Italian reporting unit exceeded its fair value and we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million as of December 31, 2022, which represented the entire amount of the goodwill recorded within the reporting unit. During 2020, we experienced significantly lower than expected operating results within our commercial reporting unit, which is within the Construction segment. It was determined that the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeded its fair value and we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million as of December 26, 2020, which represented the entire amount of the goodwill recorded within the reporting unit, as a result. Indefinite-lived intangible assets totaled million as of December 31, 2022 and million December 25, 2021 related to the commercial unit within the construction segment, the international unit within the all other segment, and the Deckorators unit within the retail segment. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Customer relationships and other ) ) Licensing agreements ) ) Patents ) ) Tradename ) ) Software ) ) Total ) ) Amortization is computed principally by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the intangible assets as follows: to years Customer relationships and other to Licensing agreements 10 years 10 years Patents Tradename (amortizable) to years Software to years million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The estimated amortization expense for intangibles for each of the five succeeding fiscal years is as follows (in thousands): 

2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total , million unsecured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of U.S. banks. On February 28, 2021, this credit agreement was amended to increase the availability from million to million by exercising the accordion feature in the original agreement. On December 6, 2022, a second amendment was filed increasing the availability from million to million. The facilities now include up to million which may be advanced in the form of letters of credit, and up to million (U.S. dollar equivalent) which may be advanced in Canadian dollars, Australian dollars, Sterling, Euros and such other foreign currencies as may subsequently be agreed upon among the parties. Cash borrowings are charged interest based upon an index selected by the Company, plus a margin that is determined based upon the index selected and upon the financial performance of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. We are charged a facility fee on the entire amount of the lending commitment, at a per annum rate ranging from to basis points, also determined based upon our performance. The facility fee is payable quarterly in arrears. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Series 2020 E Senior Notes, due August 10, 2032, in the aggregate principal amount of million, our Series 2020 F Senior Notes, due August 10, 2033, in the aggregate principal amount of million, and our Series 2020 G Senior Notes, due August 10, 2035, in the aggregate principal amount of million. Proceeds from the sale of the Series E, F and G Senior Notes were used to fund the acquisition of PalletOne in January 2021. Outstanding letters of credit extended on our behalf on December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 aggregated million and million; respectively, which includes approximately million related to industrial development revenue bonds. We had an outstanding balance of million and million, which includes foreign subsidiary borrowings, on the revolver at December 31, 2022, and December 25, 2021, respectively. After considering letters of credit, we had million and million in remaining availability on the revolver on December 31, 2022, and December 25, 2021, respectively. Letters of credit have terms, include an automatic renewal clause, and are charged an annual interest rate of basis points, based upon our financial performance. Series 2020 Senior Notes F, due on August 10, 2033, interest payable semi-annually at Series 2020 Senior Notes G, due on August 10, 2035, interest payable semi-annually at Series 2018 Senior Notes C, due on June 14, 2028, interest payable semi-annually at Series 2018 Senior Notes D, due on June 14, 2030, interest payable semi-annually at Series 2012 Senior Notes Tranche A, due on December 17, 2022, interest payable semi-annually at Series 2012 Senior Notes Tranche B, due on December 17, 2024, interest payable semi-annually at Foreign subsidiary borrowings under revolving credit facility, due on December 6, 2027, interest payable monthly at a floating rate on December 31, 2022 and on December 25, 2021) Series 1999 Industrial Development Revenue Bonds, due on August 1, 2029, interest payable monthly at a floating rate on December 31, 2022 and on December 25, 2021) Series 2002 Industrial Development Revenue Bonds, due on December 1, 2022, interest payable monthly at a floating rate (N/A on December 31, 2022 and on December 25, 2021) Finance leases and foreign affiliate debt Less current portion ) ) Less debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term portion Financial covenants on the unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured notes include minimum interest coverage tests and a maximum leverage ratio. The agreements also restrict the amount of additional indebtedness we may incur and the amount of assets which may be sold among other industry standard covenants. We were within all of our lending requirements on December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total On December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of our long-term debt, including the current portion, was million, which was million less than the carrying value. The estimated fair value is based on rates anticipated to be available to us for debt with similar terms and maturities. We consider the valuations of our long-term debt, including the current portion, to be Level 2 liabilities which rely on quoted prices in markets that are not active or observable inputs over the full term of the liability. . We are required to pay real estate taxes and other occupancy costs under certain leases, which are variable in nature and not included in the right of use asset or lease liability. Certain leases carry renewal options of five to . We believe that future leases will likely have similar terms. We also lease motor vehicles, equipment , and an aircraft under operating lease agreements for periods of one to . We do not typically enter into leases with residual value guarantees. There were no restrictions or covenants imposed by any lease agreements. We believe finance leases have no significant impact to our consolidated balance sheet and statement of earnings as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we have no leases that have not yet commenced that would significantly impact the rights, obligations, and our financial position. There were no lease transactions between related parties as of December 31, 2022. The rates implicit in our leases are primarily not readily available. To determine the discount rate used to present value the lease payments, we utilize the 7-year treasury note rate plus a blend of rate spreads associated with our 10 to 15 year senior notes along with estimated spreads based on current market conditions. We feel the determined rate is a reasonable representation of our lease population. Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost The amounts paid for operating leases, included in the measurement of lease liabilities, were million in the year ended December 31, 2022 and million in the year ended December 25, 2021. In addition, right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities were approximately million and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less present value discount ) Total lease liability Rent expense was approximately million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the weighted average lease term for operating leases was years and years, respectively. Similarly, the weighted average discount rate for operating leases was and , respectively. million and on December 25, 2021 was million. We purchased life insurance on these executives, payable to us in amounts which, if assumptions made as to mortality experience, policy dividends, and other factors are realized, will accumulate cash values adequate to reimburse us for all payments for insurance and deferred compensation obligations. The investment in life insurance contracts as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, was million and million, respectively, and is recorded in Other Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We also maintain a non-qualified deferred compensation plan (the "Plan") for the benefit of senior management employees who may elect to defer a portion of their annual bonus payments and salaries. The Plan provides investment options similar to our 401(k) plan, including our stock. The investment in our stock is funded by the issuance of shares to a Rabbi trust, and may only be distributed in kind. Assets held by the Plan totaled approximately million and million on December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively, and are included in "Other Assets." Related liabilities totaled million and million on December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively, and are included in "Other Liabilities" and "Shareholders Equity." Assets associated with the Plan are recorded at fair market value. The related liabilities are also recorded at fair market value, with the exception of obligations associated with investments in our stock which are recorded at the market value on the date of deferral. of fair market value on the purchase date. We have expensed the fair value of the compensation associated with these awards, which approximates the discount. The amount of expense is nominal. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 , divided by the fair market value of a share of our stock at the time of deferral. The number of units is increased by the amount of dividends paid on our common stock. The units are immediately vested as of the grant date, since they are considered payment for services rendered quarterly. We recognized expense for this plan of million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. Effective January 1, 2017, this plan was amended to allow directors to defer payment of the annual retainer paid in the form of our common stock. The number of shares to be received for their portion of the retainer that is deferred is equal to the amount of shares plus the number of shares attributable to cash dividends payable on those deferred shares. Finally, we maintain and administer our shareholder approved Long Term Stock Incentive Plan (the "LTSIP ). The LTSIP provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, performance shares, sales incentive awards, and other stock-based awards. Executive Stock Match awards are granted in the year following the requisite service period, which begins at the beginning of each fiscal year, and fully vest on the fifth anniversary of the grant date. There is unrecognized compensation expense remaining for stock options in 2022, 2021, and 2020. Below is a summary of common stock issuances for 2022 and 2021: Shares issued under the employee stock gift program Shares issued under the director retainer stock program Shares issued under the bonus plan Shares issued under the executive stock match plan Forfeitures ) Total shares issued under stock grant programs Shares issued under the deferred compensation plans 

December 25, 2021 Share Issuance Activity Common Stock Average Share Price Shares issued under the employee stock purchase plan Shares issued under the employee stock gift program Shares issued under the director retainer stock program Shares issued under the bonus plan Shares issued under the executive stock grants plan Forfeitures ) Total shares issued under stock grant programs Shares issued under the deferred compensation plans 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 A summary of the nonvested restricted stock awards granted under the LTSIP is as follows: years Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 26, 2020 years Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 25, 2021 years Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 years Under the Stock Purchase Plan and LTSIP, we recognized share-based compensation expense of million, million, and million and the related total income tax benefits of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the year-ended December 31, 2022, we determined that million of share-based bonus awards, representing shares, will be awarded to qualified employees as it relates to the company s 2022 performance and granted in 2023. Awards granted generally vest after a period of three , five or from the grant date. In addition to the share-based bonus awards, certain employees are eligible to receive performance units equivalent to million, or shares of stock, if certain performance metrics are achieved after . As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, we recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of compensation expense related to share-based bonus awards for each of those respective performance years. We have a Sales Incentive Plan for certain eligible employees. According to the policy, sales incentives are determined and calculated using a formula-based approach and estimated monthly based on specific performance metrics. Beginning July 2022, we modified the Sales Incentive Plan to place a cap on cash payments with the remaining earned incentive being settled in share-based awards. For the year-ended December 31, 2022, we determined that million of share-based sales incentive awards, representing shares, will be awarded to qualified employees based on the 2022 performance year and granted in 2023. These awards will vest after a period of from the grant date. As of December 31, 2022, we recognized approximately million of compensation expense related to share-based sales incentive awards for the 2022 performance year. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, cash received from share issuances under our plans was million, million and million, respectively. Effective February 3, 2023, our Board authorized an additional million shares to be repurchased under our existing share repurchase program. We repurchased shares in 2022 and shares in 2021 under this program. Following the most recent authorization, the cumulative total authorized shares available for repurchase is approximately million shares which expire in one year. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 of employee contributions in 2022, 2021, and 2020, on a discretionary basis, totaling million, million, and million respectively. Included within the total employee matched contribution was an additional matched contribution for hourly employees of million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, based on meeting certain performance goals during those years. The basis for matching contributions may not exceed the lesser of of the employee s annual compensation or the IRS limitation. We maintain a retirement plan for certain officers of the Company (who have at least of service with the Company and at least of service as an officer) whereby we will pay, upon retirement, certain benefits including health care benefits, for a specified period of time if certain eligibility requirements are met. Approximately million and million are accrued in Other Liabilities for this plan on December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. State and local Foreign Net Deferred: Federal ) State and local ) ) Foreign ) ) Total income tax expense The components of earnings before income taxes consist of the following: Foreign Total The effective income tax rates are different from the statutory federal income tax rates for the following reasons: State and local taxes (net of federal benefits) Effect of noncontrolling owned interest in earnings of partnerships n/a n/a n/a Tax credits, including foreign tax credit ) ) ) Change in uncertain tax positions reserve ) ) ) Other permanent differences ) Other, net Effective income tax rate 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Lease liability Net operating loss carryforwards Foreign subsidiary capital loss carryforward Other tax credits Inventory Reserves on receivables Accrued expenses Other, net Gross deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred income tax assets Depreciation ) ) Intangibles ) ) Right of use assets ) ) Deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax liability ) ) As of December 31, 2022, we had federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million and state tax credit carryforwards of million, which will expire at various dates. The NOL and credit carryforwards expire as follows: 2028 - 2032 2033 - 2037 2038 - 2042 Thereafter Total As of December 31, 2022, we believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain state and foreign NOL carryforwards will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a valuation allowance of million against the various NOLs. Furthermore, there is a valuation allowance of million against a capital loss carryforward we have for a wholly-owned subsidiary, UFP Canada, Inc. Based upon the business activity and the nature of the assets of this subsidiary, our ability to realize a future benefit from this carryforward is doubtful. The capital loss has an unlimited carryforward and therefore will not expire unless there is a change in control of the subsidiary. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 (Decrease) increase in tax positions for prior years ) ) Increase in tax positions for current year Lapse in statute of limitations ) ) ) Gross unrecognized tax benefits end of year Our effective tax rate would have been affected by the unrecognized tax benefits had this amount been recognized as a reduction to income tax expense. We recognized interest and penalties for unrecognized tax benefits in our provision for income taxes. The liability for unrecognized tax benefits included accrued interest and penalties of million for the year December 31, 2022 and million for each of the years December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020. We file income tax returns in the United States and in various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. The federal and a majority of state and foreign jurisdictions are no longer subject to income tax examinations for years before 2017. A number of routine state and local examinations are currently ongoing. Due to the potential for resolution of state examinations, the expiration of various statutes of limitation, and new positions that may be taken, it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would reverse through the income statement in the next twelve months is million. million. We provide a variety of warranties for products we manufacture. Historically, warranty claims have not been material. We distribute products manufactured by other companies. While we do not warrant these products, we have received claims as a distributor of these products when the manufacturer no longer exists or has the ability to pay. Historically, these costs have not had a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. As part of our operations, we supply building materials and labor to site-built construction projects or we jointly bid on contracts with framing companies for such projects. In some instances we are required to post payment and performance bonds to insure the project owner that the products and installation services are completed in accordance with our contractual obligations. We have agreed to indemnify the surety for claims made against the bonds. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately million in outstanding payment and performance bonds for open projects. We had approximately million in payment and performance bonds outstanding for completed projects which are still under warranty. On December 31, 2022, we had outstanding letters of credit totaling million, primarily related to certain insurance contracts and industrial development revenue bonds described further below. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 million for these types of arrangements. We have reserves recorded on our balance sheet, in accrued liabilities, that reflect our expected future liabilities under these arrangements. We are required to provide irrevocable letters of credit in favor of the bond trustees for all industrial development revenue bonds that have been issued. These letters of credit guarantee principal and interest payments to the bondholders. We currently have irrevocable letters of credit outstanding totaling approximately million related to our outstanding industrial development revenue bonds. These letters of credit have varying terms but may be renewed at the option of the issuing banks. Certain wholly owned domestic subsidiaries have guaranteed the indebtedness of UFP Industries, Inc. in certain debt agreements, including the Series 2012, 2018 and 2020 Senior Notes and our revolving credit facility. The maximum exposure of these guarantees is limited to the indebtedness outstanding under these debt arrangements and this exposure will expire concurrent with the expiration of the debt agreements. We did not enter into any new guarantee arrangements during 2022 which would require us to recognize a liability on our balance sheet. customers, The Home Depot and Lowes, accounted for approximately and , respectively, of our total net sales in fiscal 2022, and , respectively, of our total net sales in fiscal 2021 and and , respectively, in 2020. The exception to this market-centered reporting and management structure is our International segment, which comprises our Mexico, Canada, Europe, India, and Australia operations and sales and buying offices in other parts of the world and our Ardellis segment, which represents our wholly owned fully licensed captive insurance company based in Bermuda. Our International and Ardellis segments do not meet the quantitative thresholds in order to be separately reported and accordingly, the International and Ardellis segments have been aggregated in the All Other segment for reporting purposes. Corporate includes purchasing, transportation and administrative functions that serve our operating segments. Operating results of Corporate primarily consist of net sales to external customers initiated by UFP Purchasing and UFP Transportation and over (under) allocated costs. The operating results of UFP Real Estate, Inc., which owns and leases real estate, and UFP Transportation Ltd., which owns, leases and operates transportation equipment, are also included in the Corporate column. Inter-company lease and service charges are assessed to our operating segments for the use of these assets and services at fair market value rates. Total assets in the Corporate column include unallocated cash and cash equivalents, certain prepaid assets, certain property, equipment and other assets pertaining to the centralized activities of Corporate, UFP Real Estate, Inc., UFP Transportation Ltd, UFP Purchasing, and UFP RMS, LLC. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Intersegment net sales ) Interest expense ) ) Amortization expense Depreciation expense Segment earnings before income taxes ) Segment assets Capital expenditures 

2021 All Retail Packaging Construction Other Corporate Total Net sales to outside customers Intersegment net sales ) Interest expense Amortization expense Depreciation expense Segment earnings before income taxes ) Segment assets Capital expenditures 

2020 All Retail Packaging Construction Other Corporate Total Net sales to outside customers Intersegment net sales ) Interest expense Amortization expense Depreciation expense Segment earnings before income taxes ) Segment assets Capital expenditures Foreign Total 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Prowood and Outdoor Essentials Sunbelt UFP Edge Other Total Retail Packaging North (1) Southeast (1) Southwest (1) West (1) PalletOne Protective Packaging Total Packaging Construction Factory Built Site Built Commercial Concrete Forming Total Construction All Other Corporate Total Net Sales 
 (1) Effective January 1, 2023, the Packaging segment established new business units as followings: Structural Packaging, PalletOne, and Protective Packaging Solutions. This change will result in the transfer of net sales from the these geographic business units to Structural Packaging and PalletOne in 2023. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Packaging Construction All Other Corporate Total Commodity-Based Retail Packaging Construction All Other Corporate Total fddf weeks during the year ended December 31, 2022 and weeks during the year ended December 25, 2021, (in thousands, except per share data): 

First Second Third Fourth 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Net sales Gross profit Net earnings Net earnings attributable to controlling interest Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 MARKET INFORMATION FOR OUR COMMON STOCK Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Stock Market NASDAQ under the symbol UFPI. STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH The following stock price performance graph compares the annual percentage change in the cumulative total return on our common stock with the cumulative total returns of companies comprising the NASDAQ US Benchmark TR index and an industry peer group we selected. The NASDAQ US Benchmark TR index replaces the NASDAQ Stock Market (US Companies) Index in this analysis and going forward, as the CRSP Index data is no longer accessible. The CRSP indexes has been included with data through 2020. The graph assumes an investment of 100 on December 30, 2017, and reinvestment of dividends in all cases. The companies included in our self-determined industry peer group are as follows: 

American Woodmark Corporation Louisiana-Pacific Corporation BlueLinx Holdings, Inc. Masco Corporation Boise Cascade Company Patrick Industries, Inc. Builders FirstSource, Inc. Simpson Manufacturing Company, Inc. Cornerstone Building Brands, Inc. Sonoco Products Company Gibraltar Industries, Inc. Trex Company, Inc. Greif, Inc. WestRock Company BlueLinx Holdings, Inc. and Cornerstone Building Brands, Inc.were removed from the current year peer group. Patrick Industries, Inc. was added to the current year peer group. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 The returns of each company included in the self-determined peer group are weighted according to each respective company s stock market capitalization at the beginning of each period presented in the graph above. In determining the members of our peer group, we considered companies who selected UFPI as a member of their peer group, and looked for similarly sized companies or companies that are a good fit with the markets we serve. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS SECTION 16 OFFICERS Matthew J. Missad Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer UFP Industries, Inc. Matthew J. Missad Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer William G. Currie Director UFP Industries, Inc. Michael R. Cole Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Thomas W. Rhodes President and Chief Executive Officer TWR Enterprises, Inc. Patrick Benton President UFP Construction, LLC Bruce A. Merino Director UFP Industries, Inc. Scott A. Worthington President UFP Packaging, LLC Mary Tuuk Kuras Director UFP Industries, Inc. William D. Schwartz, Jr. President UFP Retail Solutions, LLC Brian C. Walker Partner-Strategic Leadership Huron Capital David A. Tutas Chief Compliance Officer General Counsel Michael G. Wooldridge Partner Varnum, LLP Joan A. Budden Former President Priority Health Benjamin J. McLean Chief Executive Officer Ruan Transportation Management Systems, Inc. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION ANNUAL MEETING The 2023 Annual Shareholder s Meeting of UFP Industries, Inc. will be held at 8:30 a.m. on April 26, 2022 , at 2880 East Beltline Lane NE, Grand Rapids, MI 49525. SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION Shares of our stock are traded under the symbol UFPI on the NASDAQ Stock Market. Our 10-K report, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, will be provided free of charge to any shareholder upon written request. For more information contact: Investor Relations Department UFP Industries, Inc. 2801 East Beltline NE Grand Rapids, MI 49525 Telephone: (616) 364-6161 Web: www.ufpi.com SECURITIES COUNSEL Varnum, LLP Grand Rapids, MI INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Deloitte Touche LLP Grand Rapids, MI TRANSFER AGENT/SHAREHOLDER INQUIRIES American Stock Transfer Trust Company serves as the transfer agent for the Corporation. Inquiries relating to stock transfers, changes of ownership, lost or stolen stock certificates, changes of address, and dividend payments should be addressed to: American Stock Transfer Trust Co. 6201 15th Ave Brooklyn, NY 11219 Telephone: (800) 937-5449 UFP INDUSTRIES , INC., CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS 2801 East Beltline NE Grand Rapids, MI 49525 Telephone: (616) 364-6161 Facsimile: (616) 364-5558 
 59 

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 4
 ufpi-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

EXHIBIT 21 LIST OF REGISTRANT S SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES 

11032 Tidewater Trail, LLC Delaware UFP Concrete Forming Solutions, Inc. Michigan 234 Springs Rd., LLC Delaware UFP Construction, LLC Michigan 2875 Needmore Rd. LLC Delaware UFP Corrugated, LLC Michigan 621 Hall St., LLC Delaware UFP Dallas, LLC Michigan Advantage Label Packaging, Inc. Michigan UFP Distribution, LLC Michigan Aljoma Holding Company, LLC Michigan UFP Eagan, LLC Michigan Aljoma Lumber, Inc. Florida UFP Eastern Division, Inc. Michigan Ardellis Insurance Ltd. Bermuda UFP Eatonton, LLC Michigan Caliper Building Systems, LLC Michigan UFP Elizabeth City, LLC Michigan Deckorators, Inc. Michigan UFP Elkwood, LLC Michigan Dempsey Wood Products, LLC Michigan UFP Financial Services, Inc. Michigan Enwrap Logistic and Packaging S.r.l. Italy UFP Folkston, LLC Michigan Eovations, LLC Michigan UFP Franklinton, LLC Michigan Ficus Pax India UFP Gainesville, LLC Michigan Ficus Tegatai Pvt Ltd India UFP Gear, LLC Michigan Forestal Universal SA de CV Mexico UFP Global Holdings Limited England/Wales Idaho Western, Inc. Idaho UFP Gordon, LLC Michigan idX (China) Display System Co., Ltd. China UFP Grand Rapids, LLC Michigan idX (India) Display Private Ltd. India UFP Grandview, LLC Michigan idX Amsterdam B.V. Amsterdam UFP Granger, LLC Michigan idX Asia Fixtures Limited Hong Kong UFP Haleyville, LLC Michigan idX Asia Trading Limited Hong Kong UFP Hamilton, LLC Michigan idX Chicago, LLC Delaware UFP Harrisonville, LLC Michigan idX Corporation Delaware UFP Hartford, LLC Wisconsin idX Corporation London Limited England and Wales UFP Hillsboro, LLC Michigan idX Holdings, Inc. Delaware UFP Industrial, LLC Michigan idX Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. MX UFP Industries, Inc. Michigan idX Shanghai Trading Company Ltd. China UFP International Employment Services, LLC Michigan Innov8 Fund I, LLC Michigan UFP International, LLC Michigan Integra International Pty Ltd Australia UFP Janesville, LLC Michigan Integra Packaging Pty Ltd Australia UFP Kyle, LLC Michigan Landura, LLC Texas UFP Lafayette, LLC Michigan Metaworld Technologies, LLC Michigan UFP Lansing, LLC Michigan Norpal S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico UFP Londonderry, LLC Michigan North Atlantic Framing, LLC Michigan UFP Magna, LLC Michigan P1 Catawba Development Company, LLC North Carolina UFP McMinnville, LLC Michigan PalletOne of Acquisition of Texas, Inc. Delaware UFP Mexico Embalaje y Distribution, S. de R.L. de C. V. Mexico PalletOne Manufacturing of Texas, LLC Texas UFP Mexico Investment, LLC Michigan PalletOne of Alabama, LLC Alabama UFP Mid-Atlantic, LLC Michigan PalletOne of Florida, Inc. Florida UFP Milwaukee, LLC Michigan PalletOne of Indiana Transportation, LLC Indiana UFP Minneota, LLC Michigan PalletOne of Indiana, Inc. Indiana UFP Morristown, LLC Michigan PalletOne of Maine, Inc. Maine UFP Moultrie, LLC Michigan PalletOne of Mobile, LLC Alabama UFP NAC, LLC Michigan PalletOne of NE Texas, LLC Delaware UFP Nappanee, LLC Michigan PalletOne of North Carolina, Inc. North Carolina UFP New London, LLC Michigan PalletOne of Texas Holdings, Inc. Delaware UFP New Waverly, LLC Michigan PalletOne of Texas, LP Texas UFP New Windsor, LLC Michigan PalletOne of Virginia, LLC Virginia UFP New York, LLC Michigan PalletOne of Wisconsin Manufacturing, LLC Wisconsin UFP Orlando, LLC Michigan PalletOne of Wisconsin, Inc. Wisconsin UFP Packaging, LLC Michigan PalletOne, Inc. Delaware UFP Palm Beach, LLC Michigan Performance Formulation Solutions, LLC Illinois UFP Parker, LLC Michigan Pinelli Lumber, Inc. Texas UFP Purchasing, Inc. Michigan Pinelli Universal Chile S.A. Mexico UFP Ranson, LLC Michigan Pinelli Universal TKT, S de R.L. de C.V. Mexico UFP Real Estate, LLC Michigan Pinelli Universal, S de R.L. de C.V. Mexico UFP Retail, LLC Michigan 

PR Distribution, LLC Puerto Rico UFP Riverside, LLC Michigan Shawnlee Construction, LLC Michigan UFP RMS, LLC Michigan Shepardville Construction, LLC Michigan UFP Rockingham, LLC Michigan Store Fixtures Canada Holdings, Inc. Delaware UFP Rockwell, LLC Michigan Sunbelt Acquisition Florida II, LLC Florida UFP Saginaw, LLC Michigan Sunbelt Acquistion Corp. Delaware UFP Salisbury, LLC Michigan Sunbelt Acqusition Alabama III, LLC Alabama UFP San Antonio, LLC Michigan Sunbelt Forest Georgia, LLC Georgia UFP Sauk Rapids, LLC Michigan Sunbelt Forest Products Alabama, LLC Florida UFP Schertz, LLC Michigan Sunbelt Forest Products Corporation Florida UFP Shawnee, LLC Michigan SunOne Logistics, LLC Georgia UFP Site Built, LLC Michigan The UBEECO Group Pty Ltd AUS UFP Stafford, LLC Michigan TIBASA Universal Forest Products S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico UFP Stockertown, LLC Michigan Tresstar, LLC Michigan UFP Tampa, LLC Michigan Triangle Systems, Inc. New York UFP Thomaston, LLC Michigan U.F.P. Mexico Holdings, S. de R.L.de CV Mexico UFP Thornton, LLC Michigan UFP Ashburn, LLC Michigan UFP Transportation, Inc. Michigan UFP Atlantic Division, LLC Michigan UFP Union City, LLC Michigan UFP Auburndale, LLC Michigan UFP Ventures II, Inc. Michigan UFP Aurora, LLC Michigan UFP Warranty Corporation Michigan UFP Australia Pty Ltd Australia UFP Warrens, LLC Michigan UFP Australia Real Estate Pty Ltd Australia UFP Washington, LLC Michigan UFP Barnesville, LLC Michigan UFP Western Division, Inc. Michigan UFP Belchertown, LLC Michigan UFP White Bear Lake, LLC Michigan UFP Berlin, LLC Michigan UFP Windsor, LLC Michigan UFP Biscoe, LLC Michigan UFP Woodburn, LLC Michigan UFP Blanchester, LLC Michigan Ultra Aluminum Manufacturing, Inc. Michigan UFP Bonner, LLC Michigan United Lumber Reman, LLC Alabama UFP Caldwell, LLC Michigan Universal Forest Products Texas, LLC Michigan UFP Cameron, LLC Michigan Universal Showcase ULC Alberta UFP Canada, Inc. Canada Upshur Forest Products, LLC Michigan UFP Chandler, LLC Michigan Wadpack Pvt. Ltd India UFP Chicago, LLC Michigan Yard Home, LLC Michigan 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 ufpi-20221231xex23.htm
 EX-23

Exhibit 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 33-81128, 333-60630, 333-150345, 333-156596, and 33-84632 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of UFP Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Grand Rapids, Michigan March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.A>
 6
 ufpi-20221231xex31da.htm
 EX-31.A

Exhibit 31(a) UFP Industries, Inc. Certification I, Matthew J. Missad, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of UFP Industries, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 1, 2023 /s/ Matthew J. Missad Matthew J. Missad Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 7
 ufpi-20221231xex31db.htm
 EX-31.B

Exhibit 31(b) UFP Industries, Inc. Certification I, Michael R. Cole, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of UFP Industries, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 1, 2023 /s/ Michael R. Cole Michael R. Cole Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 8
 ufpi-20221231xex32da.htm
 EX-32.A

Exhibit 32(a) CERTIFICATE OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350): I, Matthew J. Missad, Chief Executive Officer of UFP Industries, Inc., certify, to the best of my knowledge and belief, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) that: (1) The report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, which this statement accompanies, fully complies with requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in this report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Universal Forest Products, Inc. UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Matthew J. Missad Matthew J. Missad Its: Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer 
 The signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or any other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to UFP Industries, Inc. and will be retained by UFP Industries, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 9
 ufpi-20221231xex32db.htm
 EX-32.B

Exhibit 32(b) CERTIFICATE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350): I, Michael R. Cole, Chief Financial Officer of UFP Industries, Inc., certify, to the best of my knowledge and belief, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) that: (1) The report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, which this statement accompanies, fully complies with requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in this report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of UFP Industries, Inc. UFP INDUSTRIES, INC. Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Michael R. Cole Michael R. Cole Its: Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 The signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or any other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to UFP Industries, Inc. and will be retained by UFP Industries, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ufpi-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ufpi-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ufpi-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 ufpi-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 ufpi-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

