<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1040896_0001040896-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10583894</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>197944</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5500920</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1873217</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1597824</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1313095</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001040896-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328172513
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001040896-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Intellicheck, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001040896
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				113234779
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15465
		FILM NUMBER:		23770754

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 BROADHOLLOW ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 207
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516-992-1900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 BROADHOLLOW ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 207
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100527

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Intelli Check Mobilisa, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080319

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTELLI CHECK INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990917

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001040896-23-000016.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 idn-20221231.htm
 10-K

idn-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________________ to ________________ 
 Commission File No.: 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Trading Symbol(s) The Stock Market LLC 
 (Title of Class) (Name of exchange on which registered) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically 232.405 of this chapter) every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 
 Large accelerated 
 filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 

Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes o No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Issuer: (based upon the closing price of Issuer s Common Stock, 0.001 par value, as of the last business day of the Issuer s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022)). 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Common Stock, 0.001 Par Value (Title of Class) (No. of Shares Outstanding at March 28, 2023) 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 18 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 18 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 19 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 24 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 24 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 24 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 24 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 26 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 26 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 27 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 27 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 27 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 27 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 27 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 OVERVIEW 
 We were originally incorporated in the state of New York in 1994 as Intelli-Check, Inc. In August 1999, we reincorporated in Delaware. On March 14, 2008, our corporation was renamed Intelli-Check - Mobilisa, Inc. after the consummation of the merger with Mobilisa, Inc. Mobilisa (references to Intelli-Check in this annual report refer to the Company prior to the merger with Mobilisa). At the closing of the merger, our headquarters were moved to Mobilisa s offices in Port Townsend, Washington. On October 27, 2009, we made a further change in our name to Intellicheck Mobilisa, Inc. On May 4, 2017, with the approval of our shareholders, we changed our name to Intellicheck, Inc. Intellicheck, we, our, us, or the Company ). On August 31, 2009, the Company acquired 100 of the common stock of Positive Access Corporation Positive Access ), a developer of driver license reading technology. The acquisition of Positive Access expanded the Company s technology portfolio and related product offerings and allowed the Company to reach a larger number of customers through Positive Access s extensive distribution network. On December 31, 2018, we formally merged the Mobilisa and Positive Access subsidiaries into one corporation under the name Intellicheck, Inc. 
 
 We are a prominent technology company that delivers on-demand digital identity validation solutions for KYC, fraud, and age verification needs. We validate both digital and physical identities for financial services, fintech companies, BNPL providers, e-commerce, and retail commerce businesses, law enforcement and government agencies across North America. Our software solutions can be used through a mobile device, a browser, or a retail point-of-sale scanner. 
 We plan to expand our business in the near term by pursuing a strategy designed to increase market share in our existing markets and expand into new product markets that are expected to benefit from fraud prevention and identity validation. For example, we have extended our technologies into online applications to provide identity validation and fraud prevention for the billions of transactions that occur online each day. We have also incorporated biometric, facial recognition and other enhancements to several of our current product offerings in order to stay on the leading edge of technology. 
 We plan to leverage our intellectual property in the markets we are targeting to strengthen our competitive position. 
 Our primary businesses include Identity Systems products, which include commercial applications of identity card reading authentication. 
 Our technologies address problems such as: 
 Commercial Fraud and Risk Management which may lead to economic losses to financial institutions and merchants from check cashing, debit and credit card transactions, account take overs, e-commerce as well as other types of fraud such as identity theft that principally use fraudulent identification documents as proof of identity; 
 Instant Credit Card Approval retail stores and financial institutions use our technology to scan a driver license at a kiosk or at the Point of Sale (POS) to confirm that an applicant is who they claim to be with additional certainty. Once confirmed that the driver license is valid, the transaction can proceed to the underwriting stage where qualified applicants can get instant approval for a loyalty-branded credit card. This technique protects consumer data and is significantly more likely to result in a completed transaction compared to in-store personnel asking customers to fill out a paper form and then entering the data; 
 Age Restricted Product Access Products validate driver licenses and other government forms of identification to confirm the age of customers purchasing age restricted products. Target industries include alcohol, cannabis, tobacco, gambling, bars and nightclubs. 
 Unauthorized Access our systems and software are designed to increase security and deter terrorism at airports, shipping ports, rail and bus terminals, military installations, high profile buildings and infrastructure where security is a concern; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Fraudulent Retail Purchase Returns Implementing our validation software solutions can prevent fraudulent retail returns in situations where customers are seeking store credit or cash compensation for items being returned without a receipt when the transaction requires a driver license for identification; and 
 Inefficiencies Associated with Manual Data Entry by reading encoded data contained in the bar code and magnetic stripe of an identification card with a quick swipe or scan of the card, where permitted by law, customers are capable of accurately and instantaneously inputting information into forms, applications and the like without the errors associated with manual data entry. 
 IDENTITY CARD READING AND VERIFICATION SECTOR 
 Background on Identification Documentation 
 Driver license 
 
 The driver license is the most widely used form of government issued photo identification in North America. The Real ID Act, which became federal law in May 2005, recognizes that the driver license is also a quasi-identification card. In addition to its primary function, the driver license is used to verify identity for social services, firearm sales, check cashing, credit card issuance and use and other applications. Our technology can read the digitally stored barcode information on all currently issued driver licenses even those that do not comply with the standards of the American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators AAMVA ), the American National Standards Institute ANSI and the International Standards Organization ISO ). Today, all 50 states, the District of Columbia and all 13 Canadian provinces/territories digitally store information on their driver license. 
 Non-driver identification card 
 Each U.S. and Canadian Jurisdiction also provides a non-driver identification card as an alternative form of identification for those unable to acquire a driver license. These identification cards are issued with most of the same data found on a driver license. Military documents and passports also provide a means of identification and contain encoded data as well. Since driver licenses are the most widely used form of legally acceptable government documentation, we refer to all these identification documents as driver licenses. Our software can perform its function on all these forms of identification. 
 Current Challenges Associated with Verifying Identification Documents 
 The high-tech revolution, coupled with the staggering amount of personal information available from data breaches, has created a major problem for those who rely on identification documents. In an age where high-tech scanners, computers and color printers are commonplace, and where personal information is so cheap to purchase off of the 'dark web', fake IDs of the highest quality with the identity theft victim s actual information on the document are easily obtainable from many locations including college campuses and from multiple sites on the Internet. These fakes appear so real, even law enforcement agencies have encountered difficulty distinguishing them from legally issued documents. Additionally, high-tech equipment can easily alter properly issued forms of ID. Therefore, anyone can gain access to a false identity that gives them the ability, in a commercial transaction, to present fake and stolen credit cards or checks that are supported by false identification. Additionally, starting with only a fraudulent driver license, an individual may be able to create multiple credit accounts, commit fraud, buy age restricted products such as alcohol, tobacco and cannabis while underage, evade law enforcement and engage in other criminal activities, such as: 
 committing identity theft 
 gaining entrance to high profile buildings and sensitive infrastructures 
 improperly boarding airplanes 
 engaging in medical fraud 
 committing credit card, debit card and check cashing fraud 
 purchasing age restricted products such as alcohol, cannabis and tobacco while underage 
 illegally purchasing firearms 
 obtaining welfare or other government benefits. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 unlawfully committing pharmacy fraud including false narcotic prescriptions; and 
 committing refund fraud 
 
 Given the ease with which identification can be falsified, simply looking at a driver license may not be sufficient to verify age or identity and determine if it is fraudulent. Since merchants and financial institutions are facing significant economic losses due to these frauds, we believe that a document authentication system which can accurately read the digitally stored information is needed. We possess patented technology that provides an analysis of the data contained on the encoded formats of these identification documents by reading and analyzing the encoded format on the magnetic stripe or bar code on the driver license and comparing it against known standards. 
 OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 Our Products and Services are generally sold as Software as a Service SaaS where customers pay for our cloud-based service. 
 Identity Systems Products and Services 
 Our Identity Systems are marketed to the Commercial, Retail, Financial and Government identification sectors. 
 Commercial Identification 
 Intellicheck Platform 
 The Intellicheck Platform is a complete identity solution that checks whether an ID is valid, matches the ID to the person presenting it, and provides a risk score to help determine the risk of doing business with that person. It is designed to be used in online and retail settings using devices that can include a mobile phone or tablet, a PC or retail scanner. The Intellicheck Platform is designed to address the needs of users across a variety of use cases including account access, account openings, receipt-less returns, receipt of delivery, age restricted purchases and more. 
 Validating the ID 
 Using its own proprietary technology, Intellicheck utilizes an iOS or Android phone, or a retail scanner to read and verify the encoded format contained on U.S. and Canadian driver licenses, state issued non-driver identification cards, military IDs and passports. Our technology has the ability to verify the encoded formats on all currently encoded documents, even those that do not comply with the standards of the AAMVA, ANSI and ISO. 
 Using integrated third-party technology, Intellicheck offers the ability, through certain platforms, to scan and verify over 10,000 documents around the world including drivers licenses, state identity documents and passports. 
 Our Intellicheck Platform can quickly determine if: 
 the format of the document is valid; 
 the document has been altered or is fake, by displaying the parsed, encoded data for comparison with the printed information; 
 the document has expired; or 
 the encoded data contains a date of birth equal to or greater than the legal age to purchase age restricted products, such as alcohol, vaping, cannabis and tobacco. 
 Matching the person to the ID 
 Intellicheck integrates third party software to provide the ability to match a selfie of a person to the picture on the driver license. These facial biometrics capabilities allow the Intellicheck platform to check for likeness to ensure that static photos are not being used as a stand-in for the user on both ends of the match, in addition to the ability to match the ID 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 photo to the selfie and provide a match score. This capability is integrated into the Intellicheck platform to allow for fast deployment and is an option for platform subscribers. 
 Determining the risk score 
 The Intellicheck platform offers the ability to analyze data or signals to determine the risk of doing business with the person on the identity document. Intellicheck provides access to a wide variety of data signals including device fingerprinting, IP address, phone number, time zone, geographic location and more to analyze, using machine learning, the risk of doing business with that person. 
 How the Platform is Delivered 
 The Intellicheck Platform consists of the following elements: 
 IDN-Portal 
 IDN-Portal is an Intellicheck-branded identity validation application that can be typically set-up for a user in under an hour. It provides the ability to scan an ID using a mobile phone or tablet. IDN-Portal provides the flexibility to allow the Intellicheck customer or their customer to perform the scan and enables the Intellicheck customer to manage their application online using the PC. 
 IDN-Portal+ 
 IDN-Portal+ starts with all the features of IDN-Portal in addition to the ability to perform a facial biometrics test to match the picture on the ID to a selfie of the user presenting the ID. Additionally, Portal+ offers global document validation, retail POS integration, additional data for analytics and analysis and online validation among other features. 
 IDN-Direct 
 IDN-Direct provides the capabilities of the Intellicheck platform within the users own apps and integrated with their systems. IDN-Direct is accessible through the Intellicheck API to aid integration into customer applications and systems. IDN-Direct also provides an SDK to simplify integration into the user s mobile applications. IDN-Direct provides access to additional data and also provides the ability to use the platform s Risk Score capability to help with decision-making. 
 Intellicheck Mobile 
 Intellicheck Mobile is the pre-build iOS and Android application for use by purchasers of IDN-Portal and IDN-Portal+. The Intellicheck Mobile app provides that the ability to login and scan an ID. The app also, depending on the level of Intellicheck service purchased has access to additional data once the document has been analyzed. 
 Advantages of the Platform 
 Fast results 
 The Intellicheck platform provides results of an ID scan in under a second. Facial biometrics may add additional seconds to the process. 
 Fast deployment 
 With IDN-Portal or IDN-Portal+, customers can typically be up and running in under an hour. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Accurate ID validation 
 For North American documents, Intellicheck provides market-leading identity validation accuracy. Accuracy that can remove the need for manual review, and accuracy that leading businesses use to enable real time processes. For the rest of the world, Intellicheck provides best of breed document accuracy. 
 State Aware Software 
 Our patented State Aware Software solution provides or restricts information that is electronically scanned from an ID based on the electronic reading laws according to the state in which the ID is scanned. For example, scanning an ID in New Hampshire for law enforcement purposes is allowed, whereas electronically scanning an ID for a mailing list is not allowed. With all the various uses of scanning and verifying an ID, it is important for responsible users to be aware of the different state laws. State Aware Software incorporates each state s requirements around electronic capture of ID barcode data directly into hosted Intellicheck Platform. 
 Data Collection Devices 
 Our software products are designed for use with multiple data collection devices, which are commercially available in various compact forms and may contain either one or both of 2-D bar code and magnetic stripe readers. These devices enable our software applications to be used on a variety of commercially available data processing devices, including credit card terminals, PDAs, tablets, laptops, desktops, mobile phones, and point-of-sale terminals. Many of these devices contain an electronic serial number (ESN) to prevent unauthorized use of our software. 
 Instant Credit Application Kiosk Software Applications 
 These are custom software applications that Intellicheck developed for a variety of major financial service companies and retail stores. The software installed on multiple kiosk devices provides the customers of the major financial service companies and retail stores with the ability to perform in-store instant credit approval on these devices. The hardware platforms, on which the software applications run, range from stationary devices to handhelds to tablet PCs. The process involves the swiping or scanning of the driver license to verify the encoded format and after verification, the information parsed from the encoded data is populated into the proper fields on the application displayed on the kiosk. The applicant then completes the application by entering the remaining required information that is not encoded on the driver license, such as social security number and telephone numbers. The software application then sends the data to the financial service company s backend decisioning tool for credit approval. If approved, the applicant is granted instant credit which can then be used to make purchases. 
 Upgrade Capability 
 Our Intellicheck Platform products and related databases are constantly updated to stay current with identification formats and new forms of ID. 
 STRATEGY 
 Our objective is to be a leading identity verification company providing world class solutions in the identity sector. These solutions include our commercial identity systems focusing on workflow, productivity enhancement, fraud protection and risk management segments. Key elements of our strategy are as follows: 
 Commercial Systems 
 Productivity Enhancement. We market our technology as a key productivity enhancement tool. Our proprietary Intellicheck Platform software can add functionality to virtually any given software application to automatically populate fields within a given form, when a government-issued photo ID is presented. Our ability to correctly read and authenticate all U.S. jurisdictions, coupled with our proprietary technology, is a key differentiator from our competitors. The automation resulting from the intelligence added to the form dramatically increases throughput and data integrity, and it significantly enhances the customer s experience. 
 Develop Additional Strategic Alliances with Providers of Security Solutions . We have entered strategic alliances to utilize our systems and software as the proposed or potential enrollment application for their technologies and to jointly 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 market these security applications with multiple biometric companies. Some of these companies have included Lenel, AMAG Technology, Inc., in the defense industry; Zebra Technologies hardware manufacturers; and Idemia Identity Security USA, facial biometrics companies Ipsidy and Applied Recognition. We are an associate member of AAMVA and a member of AAMVA s Industry Advisory Board. We believe these relationships will broaden our marketing reach through their sales efforts and we intend to develop additional strategic alliances with additional providers of security solutions. 
 Strengthen Sales and Marketing Efforts . We intend to capitalize on the growth in demand for document verification and productivity enhancement by continuing to market and support our systems and software. Our sales and marketing departments are organized by region and specifically named accounts to provide focus and proximity to build solid long-term relationships. Our recent focus has been on SaaS license arrangements in the financial services, retail, and hospitality services industries. 
 Enter into Additional Licensing Agreements . We intend to continue to license our software for use with a customer s system. We are currently licensing our SDK software product for Windows, iOS, Android and other operating system platforms and intend to similarly continue to license our PC software solutions. Our software is intended to be used with a compatible hardware device. We have entered into multiple licensing agreements to date. 
 Protect Intellectual Property . We intend to protect our intellectual property portfolio to preserve value and obtain favorable settlements where warranted. 
 Our Revenue Sources 
 We derive our revenue primarily from the following sources: 
 Sales of our systems by both our own direct sales force and marketing partners; 
 Per transaction or fixed price (SaaS) revenue from the licensed use of our technology; 
 Extended warranties on equipment; and 
 Other subscription and Support Services, such as jurisdictional updates to certain commercial customers and support services. 
 Our Target Industry Sectors 
 Commercial Identity Systems 
 The use of false identification cards, primarily driver licenses and non-driver identification cards, to engage in commercial fraud, to gain access to unauthorized areas and to gain entry to critical infrastructure is all too common and the problem is growing with each passing day. Given the ease with which identification can be falsified, we believe that simply looking at a driver license is not sufficient to verify identity and determine if such an identification card is fraudulent. Since merchants and financial institutions are facing significant economic losses due to these frauds, we believe that what they need is a document authentication system that can accurately read the digitally stored information. We target the industry sectors that we believe would benefit most from our systems and software. 
 We also market our products to opportunities where our Intellicheck Platform technology can be used to enhance productivity. We have made significant progress in the sectors for the retail issuance of instant credit. We believe there are financial benefits and compelling business models for customers in this sector to utilize our technology. 
 Productivity Enhancement 
 Mass merchandisers and retailers 
 Auto dealerships and rental car agencies 
 Banks and other financial institutions 
 Casinos for enrollment of guests 
 Credit unions 
 Hospital patient admissions 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Credit card issuers 
 Lodging Industry 
 Check cashing services 
 Airlines 
 
 Commercial fraud protection 
 Mass merchandisers and retailers 
 Auto dealerships and rental car agencies 
 Banks and other financial institutions 
 Casino cage operations 
 Credit unions 
 Hospitals, medical facilities and health plans 
 Credit card issuers 
 Lodging Industry 
 Check cashing services 
 Pharmacies 
 
 Access control 
 Airports and airlines 
 Prisons 
 Departments of Motor Vehicles 
 Law enforcement agencies 
 Notable buildings 
 Military establishments 
 Court houses 
 College campuses 
 Nuclear facilities 
 Department of Homeland Security 
 Oil refineries and storage facilities 
 Bus, rail and port facilities 
 
 Age verification 
 Bars and night clubs 
 Stadiums and arenas 
 Convenience stores 
 Casinos and gaming establishments 
 Grocery chains 
 Law Enforcement 
 Restaurants 
 Firearm dealers 
 Cannabis Industry 
 
 Law Enforcement/Government 
 FBI 
 Drug Enforcement Administration 
 State Local Police 
 Local Sheriffs 
 Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives 
 Intelligence Agencies 
 Customs 
 Department of Transportation 
 Department of Homeland Security 
 Border Patrol 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION 
 Commercial Identity Systems 
 Our objective is to become a leading developer and distributor of document and age verification software. To date, our marketing efforts have been through direct sales by our sales and marketing personnel, through resellers and license agreements. W e are marketing our products through direct marketing approaches such as web marketing, a small number of select trade shows and well-known public interest and trade associations. 
 We generate revenues from the licensing of our software and to a much lesser extent the selling of bundled solutions that contain hardware and software. Depending on the specific needs of our clients, we tailor the right solution for them. 
 Our Intellicheck Platform software is available to customers via the cloud (SaaS) and is available for Microsoft Windows, Android and iOS platforms in addition to devices such as credit card terminals and other operating systems such as Linux. We are marketing our Intellicheck Platform technology to financial institutions, mass merchandisers, government, airlines, airports, high profile buildings or infrastructure, grocery, convenience and pharmacy chains, and casinos. 
 We have developed a comprehensive marketing plan to build customer awareness and develop brand recognition in our target industry sectors. We promote the advantages and ease of use of our products through: 
 Endorsements by nationally known public interest groups and trade associations; 
 Web seminars, as well as our own website; and 
 Trade publications; 
 Various conventions and industry specific seminars. 
 Trade shows; 
 
 We intend to continue to develop and market other related software applications. 
 MAJOR CUSTOMERS 
 Although the composition of our largest customers has changed from year to year, a significant portion of our revenues have been attributable to a limited number of major customers. In 2022, our top ten customers accounted for approximately 72 of total revenues. In 2021, our top ten customers accounted for approximately 79 of total revenues. While we believe that one or more major customers could account for a significant portion of our sales for at least the next two years, we anticipate that our customer base will continue to expand and that in the future we will be less dependent on major customers. 
 REGULATION 
 The sale and use of our Identity System products are subject to regulation, such as on data protection and storage, by government authorities. We work on an ongoing basis with our customers to facilitate their compliance with such regulations. Additionally, we believe that we are currently in compliance with applicable United States federal laws, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. 
 COMPETITION 
 Commercial Identity Systems 
 We compete in an industry that is intensely competitive and rapidly changing. Unless a device can read, decode and analyze all the information that is legally permitted to be analyzed, which is digitally stored within the barcode on a driver license, the user may not obtain accurate and reliable confirmation that a driver license is valid and has not been altered or tampered with. We are aware of several companies that are currently offering products that electronically read and calculate age from a driver license. We have tested and compared some of these products to the Intellicheck Platform and believe that our product is superior in quality and functionality. We believe that units unable to read bar codes are at a 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 significant disadvantage because all states and Canadian provinces currently utilize bar codes to encode their driver licenses, as well as all U.S. military IDs and uniformed services cards. 
 We have experienced and expect to continue to experience increased competition in the document verification sector. If any of our competitors were to become the industry standard or were to enter or expand relationships with significantly larger companies through mergers, acquisitions or otherwise, our business and operating results could be seriously harmed. In addition, potential competitors could bundle their products or incorporate functionality into existing products in a manner that discourages users from purchasing our products. 
 MANUFACTURING 
 We do not manufacture readers or input devices but use products from several manufacturers. Some of these devices are private labeled and programmed by the supplier to work with our Intellicheck Platform technology. Most of our hardware consists of commercial off-the-shelf COTS products. We rely on a small number of suppliers to provide our COTS products. 
 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
 Our research and development efforts are mainly concentrated in the area of identity verification. Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based compensation. Research and development expenses also include consulting fees, software and subscription services, and a portion of our third-party cloud infrastructure expenses incurred in maintaining our platform. 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 We currently hold eighteen (18) U.S. patents and one (1) Canadian patent. At present, we have three patent applications pending in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. These patents cover commercially important aspects of our capabilities relating to the authentication and verification of identification documents. We will continue to pursue patents for all our new technologies arising from our research and development efforts. 
 In January 1999, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office granted us a patent on our ID Check software technology. In October 2002 and July 2005, we were granted additional patents that are a continuation of our patents relating to our document authentication and age verification technology. Upon our acquisition of the assets of IDentiScan, we received equitable ownership and sole ownership rights to its intellectual property, including other patents and patent applications relating to age verification technology. 
 During 2010, we were granted two additional patents. The first patent was for a software key control for mobile devices. It is used to get a registration key for the parser that is based on the unique internal ID of one mobile device. The Mobile Key Manager communicates with the mobile device, reading its ID, and then requests a registration key specific for that ID from Intellicheck's server. This server maintains a database of all customers using IDecode Mobile Parsers, including the number of licenses they have purchased, the latest software version for which they have paid support, and the registration keys and unique device IDs associated with those licenses. The server generates a new registration key unique to the device ID and returns it to the Mobile Key Manager to register that device. In this way, the customer can deploy the IDecode Mobile Parser to only one mobile device for each parser purchased. 
 The second patent was related to a document comparison system and reinforces the innovative nature of Intellicheck s security solutions involving documents. The technology described in the patent relates to a system and method for comparing information contained in at least two documents. For example, information on at least two different documents can be compared to determine whether the information is the same on each document. For instance, a name contained on an individual s driver s license is automatically compared with a name contained on the individual s airline boarding pass. 
 In 2012, we were granted a patent relating to a system and method for comparing information contained in at least two documents, but not limited to just a driver license and passport. This patent compares like information on different documents to determine whether the information is the same on each document. As an example, a passport is compared to a boarding pass to determine if like information matches, for instance name and birthdate. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 In 2014, we were granted one patent that was also a continuation of an earlier-filed application. The patent is related to a document comparison system that compares information contained in two documents to determine whether certain information is substantially identical on each document. The system provides a positive or negative indication as to whether portions of the two documents are substantially identical. 
 In 2015, we acquired an intellectual property portfolio that includes four patents involving technologies for checking the validity of identification documents using a remote database. Certain patents in this portfolio address the use of biometric information and identification credentials as part of the process to control access to a secured area. 
 In 2016 we were granted one patent in Canada that was a continuation of an earlier filed application and is related to identity matching in response to threat levels. 
 In 2018, we were granted one patent that was also a continuation of an earlier filed application to a document comparison that compares information contained in multiple documents. 
 We were granted two patents in 2019 that were a continuation of earlier filed applications. The first patent is related to checking the validity of identification documents using a remote database. The second patent related to identification scanning in compliance with jurisdictional or other rules. 
 In 2020, we were granted two patents that were a continuation of earlier filed applications. The first patent is related to checking the validity of identification documents using a remote database. The second patent is related to document comparison that compares information contained in multiple documents. 
 In 2022, we were granted two patents that were a continuation of earlier filed applications. The first patent is related to using a mobile device to perform verification of a selfie to a photo on an identification document. The second patent is related to a system and method for document comparison that compares information contained in multiple documents. 
 We own multiple copyrights in the United States, which are effective in Canada and in other major industrial countries. The copyright protection covers software source codes and supporting graphics relating to the operation of the Intellicheck Platform and other software products. We also have several trademarks relating to our company, its product names, and logos. 
 EMPLOYEES AND HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 As of March 28, 2023, we had 53 full-time employees. Four are engaged in executive management such as our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Technology Officer, twenty-five in information technology including those participating in our research and development efforts, fourteen in sales and marketing, four in customer and support integration, and six in administration. All employees are employed at will. We believe our relations with our employees are generally positive and we have no collective bargaining agreements with any labor unions. 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing and new employees. The principal purposes of our equity compensation and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel, whether existing employees or new hires, through the granting of equity and cash-based compensation awards. We believe that this increases value to our stockholders and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 
 As the success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our employees, we are committed to their health, safety and wellness. We provide our employees and their families with access to convenient health and wellness programs, including benefits that provide protection and security giving them peace of mind concerning events that may require time away from work or that impact their financial well-being; and that offer choice where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented and have continued significant changes that we determined were in the best interest of our employees, as well as the community in which we operate, and which comply with government regulations, including working in a remote environment where appropriate or required. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 RISK FACTORS 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry (All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except per share data) 
 We have incurred losses since inception and losses may continue, which could result in a decline in the value of our securities and a loss of your investment. 
 We incurred net losses of (3,851) and (7,478) for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our accumulated deficit was (130,748) as of December 31, 2022. Since we expect to incur additional expenditures in line with the sales growth of our business, we may not achieve operating profits in the near future, and we could experience further losses. This could lead to a decline in the value of our securities. 
 Our proprietary software relies on reference data provided by government and quasi-government agencies. If these governmental and quasi-government agencies were to stop sharing data with us, the utility of our proprietary software would be diminished in those jurisdictions and our business would be damaged. 
 Currently, the fifty states, ten Canadian provinces and the District of Columbia, in most instances, conform to the guidelines established by certain organizations responsible for implementing industry standards and, cooperate with us by providing sample identification cards so that we may modify all our hardware and software products to read and analyze the encoded information found on such jurisdiction s identification cards. If one or more of these jurisdictions do not continue to provide this reference data, the utility of our proprietary software may be diminished in those jurisdictions. 
 Our business strategy exposes us to long sales and implementation cycles for our products. 
 Our target customers in the commercial fraud protection, financial services, retail, access control and age verification industry sectors include banks and credit card issuers, large retailers and to a lesser extent, government agencies, which typically require longer sales and implementation cycles for our products than do our potential customer base solely interested in age verification, such as restaurant, bar and convenience store operators. The longer sales and implementation cycles for larger retail companies continue to have an adverse impact on the timing of realizing our revenues. In addition, budgetary constraints and potential economic slowdowns or inflationary pressures may also continue to delay purchasing decisions by these prospective customers. These initiatives have costs associated with them, and we cannot assure you that they ultimately will prove successful, or result in, an increase to our revenues or profitability. 
 We could be negatively impacted by the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. 
 In December 2019, it was first reported that there had been an outbreak of a novel strain of COVID-19, in China. Since then, COVID-19 has continued to spread outside of China, including throughout the United States and other parts of the world, becoming a global pandemic. Since then, the pandemic has seen waves of increases and decreases of infections due to the emergence of variants to the original COVID-19 strain such as the Delta variant and Omicron variant. While we are hopeful that widespread vaccinations from COVID-19, together with increases in immunity within the population and an overall decrease in cases, will continue to usher in a new sense of normalcy, we are unable to accurately predict the full impact that the COVID-19 pandemic could have on our results of operations or financial condition due to numerous factors that are not within our control, including the duration and severity of any future outbreak together with any additional statewide closures resulting from increases in cases nationwide, whether from COVID-19 or recently discovered or newly emerged variants. 
 Governments in affected regions have implemented and could re-implement safety precautions, including stay-at-home orders, travel restrictions, business closures, cancellations of public gatherings, and other measures. While many of the original restrictions levied by governments in 2020 have been removed, additional variants, could emerge causing significant increases in cases which could cause governments to reinstitute some or all of the previously implemented restrictive measures in order to curtail the increase in the number of reported cases. Such additional restrictions could lead to the cancellation of industry events which could limit our ability to meet with existing and potential new customers. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 The industry for our systems and software is evolving and its growth is uncertain. 
 Demand as well as industry acceptance for recently introduced and existing systems, and software and sales from such systems and software, are subject to a high level of uncertainty and risk. With changing administration in government, changes in government budgets, and slowly evolving government standards on use of identity products, the government sector is slowly developing. The commercial sector can develop faster than the government sector, but it is also subject to a higher level of uncertainty because of potential uncertainty in the continued financial health of our commercial customers, as well as long sales cycles. Our business may suffer if the industry develops more slowly than anticipated and does not sustain industry acceptance. 
 Failure to manage our operations if they expand could impair our future growth. 
 If we can expand our operations, particularly through multiple sales to large retailers and government agencies in the document verification industry, the expansion will place significant strain on our management, financial controls, operating systems, personnel and other resources. Our ability to manage future growth, should it occur, will depend upon several factors, including our ability to do the following: 
 build and train our sales force; 
 establish and maintain relationships with distributors; 
 develop customer support systems; 
 develop expanded internal management and financial controls adequate to keep pace with growth in personnel and sales, if they occur; and 
 manage the use of third-party manufacturers and suppliers. 
 If we can grow our business but do not manage our growth successfully, we may experience increased operating expenses, loss of customers, distributors, or suppliers and declining or slowed growth of revenues. 
 Failure to protect our proprietary technology may impair our competitive position. 
 We continue to allocate significant resources to developing new and innovative technologies that are utilized in our products and systems. Because our continued success depends on, to a significant degree, our ability to offer products providing superior functionality and performance over those offered by our competitors, we consider the protection of our technology from unauthorized use to be fundamental to our success. This is done by processes aimed at identifying and seeking appropriate protection for newly developed intellectual property, including patents, trade secrets, copyrights, and trademarks, as well as policies aimed at identifying unauthorized use of such property. These processes include: 
 contractual arrangements providing for nondisclosure of proprietary information; 
 maintaining and enforcing issued patents and filing patent applications on innovative solutions to commercially important problems; 
 protecting trade secrets; 
 protecting copyrights and trademarks by registration and other appropriate means; 
 establishing internal processes for identifying and appropriately protecting new and innovative technologies; and 
 establishing practices for identifying unauthorized use of intellectual property. 
 Litigation can be very costly and divert management s attention. An adverse outcome in any litigation may have a severe negative effect on our financial results. To determine the priority of inventions, we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or oppositions in foreign patent and trademark offices, which could result in substantial cost and limitations on the scope or validity of our patents or trademarks. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, third parties, including our competitors or licensees, may seek to have our patents reviewed by the Patent Trial and Appeal Board of the United States Patent and Trademark Office in a post grant proceeding, such as post grant review or an inter parties review. Such proceedings, if instituted could cancel our patents or narrow the scope of our patent claims. We cannot predict the effect that such proceedings, if instituted, may have on our business or revenue received from licensing our patents. 
 In addition, foreign laws treat the protection of proprietary rights differently from laws in the United States. The failure of foreign laws or judicial systems to adequately protect our proprietary rights or intellectual property, including intellectual property developed on our behalf by foreign contractors or subcontractors, may have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and financial results. 
 If our future products incorporate technologies that infringe the proprietary rights of third parties, and we do not secure licenses from them, we could be liable for substantial damages. 
 We are not aware that our current products infringe the intellectual property rights of any third parties. We also are not aware of any third-party intellectual property rights that may hamper our ability to provide future products and services. However, we recognize that the development of our services or products may require that we acquire intellectual property licenses from third parties to avoid infringement of those parties intellectual property rights. These licenses may not be available at all or may only be available on terms that are not commercially reasonable. If third parties make infringement claims against us, even if they are not upheld, such claims could: 
 consume substantial time and financial resources; 
 divert the attention of management from growing our business and managing operations; and 
 disrupt product sales and shipments. 
 If any third party prevails in an action against us for infringement of its proprietary rights, we could be required to pay damages and either enter costly licensing arrangements or redesign our products so as to exclude any infringing use. As a result, we would incur substantial costs, delays in product development, sales and shipments, and our revenues may decline substantially. Additionally, we may not be able to achieve the minimum necessary growth for our continued success. 
 Failure to attract and retain management and other personnel may damage our operations and financial results and cause our stock price to decline. 
 We depend, to a significant degree, on the skills, experience and efforts of our executive officers and other key management, technical, finance, sales and other personnel. Our failure to attract, integrate, motivate and retain existing or additional personnel could disrupt or otherwise harm our operations and financial results. We do not carry key man life insurance policies covering any employees. The loss of services of certain of our key employees, an inability to attract or retain qualified personnel in the future, or delays in hiring additional personnel could delay the development of our business and could cause our stock price to decline. 
 We incur significant accounting and other control costs that impact our financial condition. 
 As a publicly traded corporation, we incur certain costs to comply with regulatory requirements. If regulatory requirements were to become more stringent or if controls thought to be effective later fail, we may be forced to make additional expenditures, the amounts of which could be material. Some of our competitors are privately owned, so their accounting and control costs could create a competitive advantage over us. Should our sales decline or if we are unsuccessful at increasing prices to cover higher expenditures for internal controls and audits, our costs associated with regulatory compliance will rise as a percentage of sales. 
 Long lead times for the components used in certain products creates uncertainty in our supply chain and may prevent us from making required deliveries to our customers on time. 
 We rely exclusively on commercial off-the-shelf technology in manufacturing our products. The lead-time for ordering certain components used in our products and the production of products can be lengthy. As a result, we must, from time to time, order products based on forecasted demand. If demand for products lags significantly behind forecasts, we 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 may purchase more product than we can sell. Conversely, if demand exceeds forecasts, we may not have enough products to meet our obligations to our customers. 
 We obtain certain hardware and services, as well as some software applications, from a limited group of suppliers, and our reliance on these suppliers involves significant risks, including reduced control over quality and delivery schedules. 
 Any financial instability of our suppliers could result in having to find new suppliers. We may experience significant delays in manufacturing and deliveries of products and services to customers if we lose our sources or if supplies and services delivered from these sources are delayed. As a result, we may be required to incur additional development, manufacturing, and other costs to establish alternative supply sources. It may take several months to locate alternative suppliers, if required. We cannot predict whether we will be able to obtain replacement hardware within the required time frames at affordable costs, or at all. Any delays resulting from suppliers failing to deliver hardware or delays in obtaining alternative hardware, in sufficient quantities and of sufficient quality, or any significant increase in the cost of hardware from existing or alternative suppliers could result in delays on the shipment of product which, in turn, could result in the loss of customers we may not be able to successfully complete. 
 Security breaches and other disruptions could potentially compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would be harmful to our business. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, and personally identifiable information of our customers, their customers and our employees, in our data centers and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance, and transmission, when applicable, of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, potential liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties. This in turn could disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers, damage our reputation, and potentially cause a loss of confidence in our products and service offerings, which could adversely affect our business and competitive position. 
 We are subject to risks associated with product failure and technological flaws. 
 Our products are complex and may contain undetected errors or result in failures when first introduced or when new versions are released. Despite vigorous product testing efforts and testing by current and potential customers, it is possible that errors will be found in a new product or enhancement after commercial shipments have commenced. The occurrence of product defects or errors could result in negative publicity, delays in product introduction and the diversion of resources to remedy defects and loss of or delay in industry acceptance or claims by customers against us and could cause us to incur additional costs, any one of which could adversely affect our business. Because of the risk of undetected error, we may be compelled to accept liability provisions that vary from our preferred contracting model in certain critical transactions. There is a risk that in certain contracts and circumstances we may not be successful in adequately minimizing product and related liabilities or that the protections negotiated will not ultimately be deemed enforceable. 
 We carry product liability insurance, but existing coverage may not be adequate to cover potential claims. The failure of our products to perform as promised could result in increased costs, lower margins, liquidated damage payment obligations and harm to our reputation. 
 We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological change. 
 The sectors for all our products are characterized by rapid technological advancements. Significant technological change could render existing technology obsolete. If we are unable to successfully respond to these developments, or do not respond in a cost-effective manner, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Our percentage of revenues and customer concentration is significant. 
 Revenues from our ten largest customers accounted for 72 of total revenues in 2022 and 79 of total revenues in 2021. Three customers accounted for 52 of revenues in 2022 and two customers accounted for 55 of revenues in 2021. Our loss of one or more significant customers could have a significant adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock and the Market for Our Common Stock 
 Our share price may be volatile and could decline substantially. 
 The market price of our common stock, like the price of shares of technology companies generally, has been and may continue to be volatile. From January 1, 2002 to March 28, 2023, the intra-day trading price of our common stock has varied from a high of 145.52 to a low of 0.75 per share, as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market. Many factors may cause the market price for our common stock to decline, including: 
 shortfalls in revenues, cash flows, cash balances or continued losses from operations; 
 delays in development or roll-out of any of our products; 
 overall decrease of US stock prices as a result of rising inflation experienced in the United States, the accompanying increases in the benchmark lending rate by the Federal Reserve, and each of their effects on the economy; 
 economic and social effects of the COVID-19 virus or other pandemics; 
 short selling or other market manipulation activities; and 
 announcements by one or more competitors of new product acquisitions or technological innovations; 
 unfavorable outcomes from outstanding litigation. 
 In addition, the stock market experiences extreme fluctuations in price and volume, which was heightened as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the rise in interest rates, that particularly affect the market price of shares of technology companies, such as ours. These price and volume fluctuations are often unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the affected companies. Because of this volatility, we may fail to meet the expectations of our stockholders or of securities analysts and our stock price could decline as a result. Furthermore, the trading price of our common stock may be adversely affected by third-parties trying to drive down the market price. Short sellers and others, some of whom post anonymously on social media, may be positioned to profit if our stock declines and their activities can negatively affect our stock price. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. Declines in our stock price for any reason, as well as broad-based market fluctuations or fluctuations related to our financial results or other developments outside of our control such as market reactions to increasing inflation described above or to ongoing hostilities between Russia and the Ukraine, may adversely affect your ability to sell your shares at a price equal to or above the price at which you purchased them. Decreases in the price of our common stock may also lead to de-listing of our common stock. 
 Future capital requirements may require incurring debt or dilution of existing stockholders. 
 Acquisition and development opportunities and other contingencies may arise, which could require us to raise additional capital or incur debt. If we raise additional capital through the sale of equity, including preferred stock, or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our then existing stockholders will be diluted. 
 Because we do not intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock, stockholders will benefit from an investment in our stock only if it appreciates in value. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our shares of stock. We currently intend to retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of cash dividends will be at 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on factors the Board of Directors deems relevant, including among others, our results of operations, financial condition and cash requirements, business prospects, and the terms of our credit facilities and other financing arrangements. Accordingly, realization of a gain on stockholders investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of our stock. There is no guarantee that our stock will appreciate. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters is currently located in Melville, New York, where we occupy approximately 700 square feet of office space pursuant to a month-to-month lease. While all personnel currently operate out of their individual home offices throughout the country, this facility will be primarily used for employee use and for necessary physical meetings. We believe that our existing facility is adequate to meet current requirements and that additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate any expansion of operations. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are not currently involved in any legal or regulatory proceeding, or arbitration, the outcome of which is expected to have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 (a) Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol IDN. 
 (b) As of March 28, 2023, there were 29 shareholders of record of our common stock. 
 (c) No cash dividends or other cash distributions were made by us during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Future dividend policy will be determined by our Board of Directors based on our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other then existing conditions. It is anticipated that cash dividends will not be paid to the holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to the shares of our common stock that may be issued under our existing equity compensation plans. 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 1,512,824 4.85 1,250,224 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A N/A Total 1,512,824 4.85 1,250,224 
 (1) Represents 1,120,244 options, 214,892 restricted stock units and 177,688 performance stock units under the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 (e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 (f) Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 There were no shares purchased during 2022. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Overview 
 We are a prominent technology company that is engaged in developing, integrating and marketing identity authentication and threat identification solutions to address challenges that include bank and retail fraud prevention, law enforcement threat identification, and mobile and handheld access control and security for the government, military and commercial markets. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and the Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. Significant estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the financial statements include impairment consideration and valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, deferred tax valuation allowances, allowance for doubtful accounts, revenue recognition (including breakage revenue), and the fair value of stock options granted under our stock-based compensation plans. Due to the inherent uncertainties involved in making estimates, actual results reported in future periods may be different from those estimates. 
 We believe that there are several accounting policies that are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies affect the reported amounts of revenue and the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. These significant accounting policies relate to revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, deferred taxes, goodwill and intangible asset valuation and impairment, and commitments and contingencies. These policies and our procedures related to these policies are summarized below and described in further detail in the Notes to Financial Statements. 
 Valuation of long-lived assets 
 Our long-lived assets include property and equipment, goodwill, and intangible assets. As of December 31, 2022, the balances of property and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets, all net of accumulated depreciation and amortization and impairments, were 749, 8,102 and 273, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the balances of property and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets, all net of accumulated depreciation and amortization and impairments, were 737, 8,102 and 378, respectively. Reference Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies Note 4, Property and Equipment and Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets in the Notes to Financial Statements for details on the Company s valuations of our long-lived assets. 
 Revenue Recognition and Deferred Revenue 
 Most license fees and service revenues are generated from a combination of fixed-price and per-scan contracts. Under the per-scan revenue model, customers are charged a fee each time the customer scans an identity document, such as a driver s license, with our software. Under the fixed-price revenue model customers are charged a fixed monthly fee either per device or physical business location to access our software. In certain instances, customization services are determined to be essential to the functionality of the delivered software. Under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. We measure revenue based on the consideration specified in a customer arrangement, and revenue is recognized when the performance obligations in an arrangement are satisfied. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct service to the customer. The transaction price of a contract is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when or as, the customer receives the benefit of the performance obligation. Customers typically receive the benefit of our services as they are performed. Substantially all customer contracts provide that we are compensated for services performed to date. Reference Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to Financial Statements for details on the Company s recognized and deferred revenue. 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 We account for the issuance of equity awards to employees in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , which requires that the cost resulting from all equity payment transactions be recognized in the financial statements. This pronouncement establishes fair value as the measurement objective in accounting for equity payment arrangements and requires all companies to apply a fair value-based measurement method in accounting for all equity payment transactions with employees. Reference Note 9, Stockholders Equity, in the Notes to Financial Statements for details on the Company s equity compensation plans. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred Income Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and net operating loss carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using expected tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We have recorded a full valuation allowance for our net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to the uncertainty of the realizability of those assets. Reference Note 8, Income Taxes, in the Notes to Financial Statements for details on the Company s deferred income taxes. 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 We are not currently involved in any legal or regulatory proceeding, or arbitration, the outcome of which is expected to have a material adverse effect on our business. Reference Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies, in the Notes to Financial Statements for details on the Company s commitments and contingencies. 
 The above listing is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all our accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a transaction is specifically dictated by generally accepted accounting principles, with no need for management s judgment in their application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 COMPARISON OF THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TO THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 REVENUES . Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 427, or 3 to 15,966 compared to 16,393 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in 2022 revenues is primarily the result of lower non-recurring equipment revenues in the current period. SaaS revenues, which consists of software licensed on a subscription basis, increased 2,758 or 21 to 15,728 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 12,970 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 GROSS PROFIT . Gross profit increased by 1,809, or 14 , to 14,691 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 12,882 in the year ended December 31, 2021. Our gross profit, as a percentage of revenues, was 92.0 and 78.6 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in gross profit percentage over the prior year is primarily due to the continued growth of our SaaS revenue and the absence of the non-recurring hardware revenue of 2021, which contained lower margins. Excluding hardware sales and related costs, our gross profit as a percentage of revenues was 92.9 and 93.2 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 OPERATING EXPENSES. Operating expenses, which consist of selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses, decreased by 1,962, or 10 to 18,413 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 20,375 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 2,496, or 17 , to 12,399 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 14,895 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily attributed to lower stock-based compensation and headcount-related expenses, offset by an increased focus on investment in growing SaaS-related revenues. Research and development expenses increased 534, or 10 , to 6,014 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5,480 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily due to higher personnel costs and their related stock-compensation expenses. 
 INTEREST (EXPENSE) AND OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME . Interest expense was (5) for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to interest income of 5 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 INCOME TAXES . We had taxable income in some state jurisdictions for the year ended December 31, 2022 where there were not sufficient net operating losses to offset the taxable income resulting in a tax expense of 124. Tax losses for the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted in nominal income taxes paid. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 NET LOSS . As a result of the factors noted above, we had net losses of (3,851), or (0.20) per share, for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to a net loss of (7,478), or (0.40) per share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 5,196, short-term investments of 4,880, working capital (defined as current assets minus current liabilities) of 9,373, total assets of 22,453 and stockholders equity of 18,504. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our cash decreased by 8,455. This was primarily due to the purchase of short-term investments, specifically "held-to-maturity" U.S. Treasury notes. These U.S. Treasury notes have a maturity of July 31, 2023 and therefore do not qualify as a cash equivalent. While not considered a cash equivalent, the Company does not have any concerns in funding the short-term operations of the business. Cash used in operating activities was (3,480) for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to cash provided by operating activities of 1,116 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was (5,072) compared to (662) for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash provided by financing activities was 97 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to cash provided by financing activities of 76 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 On February 6, 2019, we entered a revolving credit facility with Citi Personal Wealth Management that allows for borrowings up to the lesser of (i) 2,000 or (ii) the collateralized balance in our existing fixed income investment account with Citi Personal Wealth Management. The facility bears interest at a rate consistent of Citi Personal Wealth Management s Base Rate (7.50 at December 31, 2022) minus 2 subject to certain limitations. Interest is payable monthly and as of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under this facility and unused availability under this facility was 2,000. 
 On June 17, 2022 we entered a financing arrangement related to insurance premiums totaling 319 with an interest rate of 4.05 . The monthly loan payments of 32 are paid to HUB International New England for a total of 10 months. As of December 31, 2022, we had a remaining commitment of 97 which is expected to be paid by March 17, 2023. 
 We are closely monitoring the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business and including how it may impact our customers, employees and vendors. We did incur disruptions during the year ended December 31, 2021 from COVID-19, though in the year ended December 31, 2022, such disruptions were not as severe, and we are unable to predict the impact that this pandemic will have on us going forward, including our financial position, results of operations and cash flows, the impact on our customers and the related demand for our services due to numerous uncertainties. 
 On December 27, 2020, Congress passed the Economic Aid to Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofits and Venues Act the Economic Aid Act which relieves companies of its obligation to repay its EIDL advance. Prior to the passing of the Economic Aid Act, we repaid the 10 advance in December 2020. As a result of this ruling, the SBA returned this advance, plus interest, to the Loan Servicer in February 2021, which was immediately returned to us and included in Other Income on the Statement of Operations. 
 We currently anticipate that our available cash, expected cash from operations and availability under the revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet our anticipated working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months from the date of filing. 
 We keep the option open to raise additional funds to respond to business contingencies which may include the need to fund more rapid expansion, fund additional marketing expenditures, develop new markets for our technology, enhance our operating infrastructure, respond to competitive pressures, or acquire complementary businesses or necessary technologies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the additional funds when needed or obtain such on terms satisfactory to us, if at all. 
 We have filed a universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), which became effective June 4, 2020. Under the shelf registration statement, we may offer and sell, from time to time in the future in one or more public offerings, our common stock, preferred stock, warrants, and units. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The specific terms of any future offering, including the prices and use of proceeds, will be determined at the time of any such offering and will be described in detail in a prospectus supplement which will be filed with the SEC at the time of the offering. 
 The shelf registration statement is designed to give us the flexibility to access additional capital at some point in the future when market conditions are appropriate. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Use as a Non-GAAP Measure 
 We use Adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP financial performance measurement. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adjusting net loss for certain reductions such as gains on debt forgiveness and interest and other income (expense) and certain addbacks such as provisions for income taxes, impairments of long-lived assets and goodwill, depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation expense. Adjusted EBITDA is provided to investors to supplement the results of operations reported in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides an additional tool for investors to use in comparing our financial results with other companies that also use Adjusted EBITDA in their communications to investors. By excluding non-cash charges such as gains on debt forgiveness, impairments of long-lived assets and goodwill, amortization, depreciation and stock-based compensation, as well as non-operating charges for interest and provisions for income taxes, investors can evaluate our operations and can compare the results on a more consistent basis to the results of other companies. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA is one of the primary measures management uses to monitor and evaluate financial and operating results. 
 We consider Adjusted EBITDA to be an important indicator of our operational strength and performance of our business and a useful measure of our historical operating trends. However, there are significant limitations to the use of Adjusted EBITDA since it excludes gains on debt forgiveness, provisions for income taxes, interest and other (expense) income, impairments of long-lived assets and goodwill, stock-based compensation expense, all of which impact our profitability, as well as depreciation and amortization related to the use of long-term assets which benefit multiple periods. We believe that these limitations are compensated by providing Adjusted EBITDA only with GAAP net loss and clearly identifying the difference between the two measures. Consequently, Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net loss presented in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA as defined by us may not be comparable with similarly named measures provided by other entities. 
 The reconciliation of GAAP net loss to Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA is as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss (3,851) (7,478) Reconciling items: Non-restructuring severance expenses 58 Provision for income taxes 124 Gain on forgiveness of unsecured promissory note (10) Interest and other expense (income) 5 (5) Depreciation and amortization 285 169 Stock-based compensation including liability classified awards 2,455 6,400 Adjusted EBITDA (924) (924) 
 
 Net Operating Loss Carry Forwards 
 Our available net operating loss NOL as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 20.8 million, of which 10.9 million expires between 2035 and 2037. In accordance with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the "Tax Act"), U.S. NOLs arising in a tax year ending after 2017 will not expire. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 Except as discussed below, we do not expect the impact of the future adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments to measure credit losses on financial instruments, including trade receivables. The guidance eliminates the probable initial recognition threshold that was previously required prior to recognizing a credit loss on financial instruments. The credit loss estimate can now reflect an entity s current estimate of all future expected credit losses. Under the previous guidance, an entity only considered past events and current conditions. The guidance is effective for smaller reporting companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of certain amendments of this guidance must be applied on a modified retrospective basis and the adoption of the remaining amendments must be applied on a prospective basis. We do not expect this standard will have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have never entered any off-balance sheet financing arrangements and have never established any special purpose entities. We have not guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities or entered any options on non-financial assets. 
 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, particularly statements anticipating future growth in revenues, loss from operations and cash flow. Words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, projects, intends, plans, believes and words and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and beliefs about future events. As with any projection or forecast, they are inherently susceptible to uncertainty and changes in circumstances, and the Company is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of such changes, new information, subsequent events or otherwise. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 5,196 and 4,880 in short-term investments. The primary objectives of our investment activities are the preservation of capital, the fulfillment of liquidity needs, and the fiduciary control of cash and investments. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Due to the short-term nature of our investment portfolio, the effect of a hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have an effect on the fair market value of our portfolio as of December 31, 2022. We therefore do not expect our results of operations or cash flows to be materially affected by a sudden change in market interest rates. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Our financial statements and supplementary data are attached hereto beginning on Page F-1. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Company's reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of December 31, 2022 due to a material weakness identified and described below. 
 
 In light of the material weakness described below, management performed additional analysis and other procedures to ensure that our interim and annual financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows as of and for the periods presented, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 a. Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 b. Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded properly to allow for the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 
 c. Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the guidelines established in the "Internal Control Integrated Framework" (2013 framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on its assessment, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022 due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The Company did not design and maintain effective controls over the assessment of the accounting for shares held to settle tax liabilities. 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Remediation of Material Weakness existing as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Our management has executed a plan to remediate the material weakness described above. This plan includes the enhancement of existing processes and controls over the accounting for shares held to settle tax liabilities. The material weakness will be considered remediated when management concludes that, through testing, the applicable remedial controls are operating effectively. 
 
 Remediation of Previously Disclosed Material Weakness 
 25 

Table of Contents 

We previously identified and disclosed in our 2021 Annual Report, as well as in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed for the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022 certain material weakness in our control environment whereby the Company did not have adequate controls for its accounting for equity compensation. As of December 31, 2022, management has completed our remediation efforts of this material weakness. Our remediation efforts included the following: 
 
 a. The Company engaged additional experienced accounting resources and implemented training of new and existing personnel. 
 b. The Company implemented a new brokerage system to assist in the management of the equity incentive plans; and, 
 c. The Company amended the equity incentive plan to eliminate the use of cashless exercises of awards. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than described above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our 2023 definitive Proxy Statement (which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders) 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Other Information Executive Officers, and Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Executive Compensation and Director Compensation. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Other Information Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Other Information Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Other Information Related Party Transactions Overview, Other Information Certain Transactions with Related Persons and Director Attributes and Independence. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement under the caption Proposal 2 Ratification of the Selection of Independent Auditors. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is FORVIS, LLP, Auditor Firm ID: . 
 Our previous independent registered public accounting firm was EisnerAmper LLP, Audit Firm ID: 274 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 (b) Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (1) 
 3.2 Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (7) 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (4) 
 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (5) 
 3.5 Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company (8) 
 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate (3) 
 10.2 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (9) 
 10.3 Bill White Severance Agreement (6) 
 10.4 Bryan Lewis Employment Agreement 10 
 10.5 Garrett Gafke Employment Agreement 1 2 
 10.6 Jeffrey Ishmael Employment Agreement 
 14.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (2) 
 16.1 Letter furnished by EisnerAmper LLP, dated October 3, 2022 (1 1 
 23.1 Consent of FORVIS LLP 
 23.2 Consent of EisnerAmper LLP 
 31.1 Certification of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32 Certification of CEO and CFO pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. Filed herewith. (1) Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-87797) filed September 24, 1999. (2) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2004. (3) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 21, 2019. (4) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 13, 2014. (5) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 9, 2017. (6) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 4, 2020. (7) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 28, 2009. (8) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 14, 2007. (9) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed March 28, 2022. (10) Incorporated by reference to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 29, 2019. (11) Incorporated by reference to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 3, 2022. (12) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed June 9, 2022. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant had duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: March 28, 2023 INTELLICHECK, INC. By: /s/ Bryan Lewis Bryan Lewis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Bryan Lewis Bryan Lewis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Jeffrey Ishmael Jeffrey Ishmael Chief Financial Officer Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Guy L. Smith Guy L. Smith, Chairman and Director Date: March 28, 2023 By: Lt. Gen. Emil R. Bedard, Director Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Jack A. Davis Jack A. Davis, Director Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ William P. Georges William P. Georges, Director Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Dylan Glenn Dylan Glenn, Director Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Gregory B. Braca Gregory B. Braca, Director Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ David E. Ullman David E. Ullman, Director Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Dondi Black Dondi Black, Director 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. Description 23.1 Consent of FORVIS LLP 
 23.2 Consent of EisnerAmper LLP 
 31.1 Certification of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32 Certification of CEO and CFO pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Filed herewith. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 INDEX 
 REPORT S OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIR MS 
 F- 2 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 F- 6 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 7 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 8 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 9 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F- 10 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors, and Audit Committee 
 Intellicheck, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Intellicheck, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which they relate. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded goodwill of approximately 8.1 million. As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the financial statements, the Company tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter, or between the annual tests, when events or changes in circumstances have been identified that may indicate that the carrying value of the Company exceeds its fair value. If the carrying value exceeds the determined fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. The Company operates as one reporting unit and performed the impairment assessment during the fourth quarter of 2022. The fair value was determined using the weighting of certain valuation techniques, including both income and market approaches, which include a discounted cashflow analysis, an analysis of similar public company financial information, and an analysis of market transactions. The Company s fair value estimate, in performing this analysis requires management to make various judgments, assumptions, and estimates, the most significant of which include discount rates, projected revenue growth rates, operating margins and guideline public company multiples. 
 
 We identified the Company s goodwill impairment assessment as a critical audit matter. Our principal considerations for this determination included the high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in evaluating the reasonableness of management s significant inputs and assumptions utilized in determining the reporting unit fair value, particularly as it 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 relates to discount rates, forecasted revenue growth rates, operating margins, and guideline public company multiples. Furthermore, auditing certain of these inputs and assumptions made by management requires the use of an auditor-employed valuation specialist. 
 
 Our primary audit procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Obtained an understanding of management s goodwill impairment assessment process, including management s assessment of the significant inputs and assumptions utilized in determining the reporting unit fair value. 
 
 Evaluated management s forecasted revenue growth rates and operating margins by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts. 
 
 Performed sensitivity analysis over significant estimates and assumptions including forecasted revenue growth rates and operating margins when assessing the overall impact on the estimate of fair value compared to the carrying value. 
 
 Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skills in valuation, we evaluated the significant assumptions in assessing the appropriateness of the fair value methodology utilized, including: 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of certain assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model including the discount rates used by management by comparing it to a range of discount rates developed using existing market information for comparable entities, and 
 
 Evaluating the market approaches including selected guideline company multiples and similar transactions for reasonableness, and 
 
 Evaluating the mathematical accuracy of the calculations included in both the income and market approaches. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 
 
 arch 28, 2023 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Intellicheck, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Intellicheck (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Correction of a Misstatement 
 
 On June 9, 2022, the Company s restated the 2021 financial statements, to correct a misstatement as the Company determined that a cashless withholding to satisfy personal income tax obligations from certain option awards exercised commencing in the third quarter of 2020 and the first quarter of 2021, caused the underlying options to no longer qualify as 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 equity awards and should have instead been classified as liability awards commencing on the date of exercise. The change in the classification of the awards to liability classified awards requires the Company to remeasure the fair value of the awards at the end of each reporting period they remain outstanding, with the increase or decrease in fair value correspondingly charged or credited to selling, general and administrative expenses in arriving at net loss. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgment. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Analysis 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company had goodwill of approximately 8.1 million. As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the financial statements, the Company performs its impairment test of goodwill annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the Company exceeds its fair value. The Company performed its annual impairment test of goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2021. The Company operates as one reporting segment, operating segment and reporting unit. The Company s goodwill impairment test involves comparing the Company s carrying value to its estimated fair value. The fair value was determined using the weighting of certain valuation techniques, including both income and market approaches, which include a discounted cash flow analysis, similar public company financial comparisons, along with market capitalization. The Company s fair value estimates require management to make significant estimates and assumptions including discount rates, projected revenue growth rates, operating margins and guideline public company multiples. 
 
 We identified the impairment test of goodwill as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgement by management in the estimates and assumptions used in developing the fair value estimate of the Company. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgement, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s significant estimates and assumptions related to discount rates, projected revenue growth rates, operating margins and guideline public company multiples. Additionally, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of controls over the Company s impairment test of goodwill, including developing the estimate of fair value. Our procedures included, among 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 others: evaluated the forecasted revenue growth rates and operating margins to the Company s underlying business strategies and growth plans and considered if they were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit; evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast revenue growth rates and operating margins by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts; and performed sensitivity analyses over significant estimates and assumptions including discount rates and projected revenue growth rates when assessing the overall impact on the estimate of fair value compared to the carrying value. In addition, we utilized our valuation specialists with specialized skills and knowledge, in evaluating the reasonableness of the Company s methodology for estimating fair value including both the income and market approaches; evaluating the discount rates used by management by comparing it to a range of discount rates developed using existing market information for comparable entities; evaluating market approaches including selected guideline company multiples for reasonableness and evaluating the mathematical accuracy of the calculations included in both the income and market approaches. 
 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2010 to 2022. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 
 
 EISNERAMPER LLP 
 
 Iselin, New Jersey 
 
 March 24, 2022, except for the effects of the restatement to the financial statements as discussed in the correction of misstatement paragraph above, as to which the date is June 9, 2022 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2022 2021 (in thousands except share amounts) ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively 
 Other current assets Total current assets PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET GOODWILL INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET OTHER ASSETS Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Income taxes payable Equity awards liability Liability for shares withheld Deferred revenue, current portion Total current liabilities OTHER LIABILITIES Deferred revenue, long-term portion Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 10) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; Series A convertible preferred stock, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Common stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 2022 2021 (in thousands except share and per share amounts) REVENUES COST OF REVENUES ) ) Gross profit OPERATING EXPENSES Selling, general and administrative Research and development Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME Gain on forgiveness of unsecured promissory note Interest and other (expense) income ) Total other (expense) income ) Net loss before provision for income taxes ) ) Provision for income taxes Net loss ) ) PER SHARE INFORMATION: Loss per common share - Basic/Diluted Weighted average common shares used in computing per share amounts - Basic/Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 (in thousands, except number of shares) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount BALANCE, December 31, 2020 ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options, net of cashless exercise of shares and shares withheld 
 Issuance of shares for vested restricted stock grants Exercise of warrants Net loss ) ) BALANCE, December 31, 2021 ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of shares for vested restricted stock grants Net loss ) ) BALANCE, December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 2022 2021 (In thousands) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile Net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Bad debt expense ) Gain on forgiveness of unsecured promissory note ) Changes in assets and liabilities: (Increase) in accounts receivable ) ) Decrease (increase) in other current assets ) (Increase) in other assets ) (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses ) (Decrease) increase in deferred revenue ) (Decrease) in liability for shares withheld ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of short-term investments ) Capital expenditures ) ) Net cash (used in) investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Return of repayment of unsecured promissory note Net proceeds from issuance of common stock from exercise of stock options Proceeds of insurance financing arrangement Repayment of insurance financing arrangement ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock from exercise of warrants Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash ) CASH, beginning of year CASH, end of year Supplemental disclosures of noncash investing and financing activities: Reclassification of stock option awards Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

1.) and had net cash used in operating activities of ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of , short term investments of , working capital (defined as current assets minus current liabilities) of and an accumulated deficit of . Based on the Company s business plan and cash resources, Intellicheck expects its existing and future resources and revenues generated from operations to satisfy its working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months from the date of filing. 
 As of the filing of this Form 10-K, the COVID-19 pandemic, which first began affecting the Company in the first quarter of 2020, has impacted the Company s business by a temporary decline in revenues from its customers. Though the Company has had an increase in SaaS revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to impact our business directly and/or indirectly for the foreseeable future. The Company is further unable to accurately predict the full impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on its results of operations or financial condition due to numerous factors that are not within its control, including the duration and severity of the outbreak together with any potential statewide closures if cases increase in the future, the spread of COVID-19 variants, and the widespread adoption of vaccination measures including booster regimens. 
 
 2. 
 
 ASC 718 establishes fair value as the measurement objective in accounting for equity payment arrangements and requires all companies to apply a fair-value based measurement method in accounting for all equity payment transactions with employees. The Company determined the fair value of these awards utilizing a Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

See Note 3 for more detail and a breakdown of the company's short-term investments. 
 
 using the straight-line method. Leasehold improvements are amortized utilizing the straight-line method over the lesser of the term of the lease or estimated useful life of the asset. See Note 4. 
 The Company performed its annual impairment test of goodwill in the fourth quarter for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 More detail about this is referenced in Note 5. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company determined impairment charge was required. 
 
 There were impairment charges recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 5. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

 Disaggregation of revenue 
 Other Equipment Timing of revenue recognition Products transferred at a point in time Services transferred over time 
 Contract balances 
 The current portion of deferred revenue at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively, and primarily consists of revenue that is recognized over time for software license contracts and hosted subscription services. The changes in these balances are related to the satisfaction or partial satisfaction of these contracts. The entire December 31, 2021, current deferred revenue balance was recognized as revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022. The noncurrent deferred revenue balances were and as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

 Other 
 All consideration from contracts with customers is included in the amounts presented above. 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance for its net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to the uncertainty of the realizability of those assets. See Note 8. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly (e.g., quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active). Level 2 includes financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. The Company had and of Level 2 liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively, for the liability-classified stock options. The fair value of these awards were determined by utilizing a Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when the fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flows or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. The Company had no Level 3 assets or liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 financial institutions. The Company performs periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of these institutions. 
 The Company s sales are principally made to large retail customers, financial institutions concentrated in the United States of America and to U.S. government entities. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations, generally does not require collateral, and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of customers, historical trends, and other information. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made sales to three customers that accounted for approximately of revenue, , and , respectively. The revenue was associated with commercial identity sales customers. These three customers, in addition to one other customer, represented of the Company s December 31, 2022 accounts receivable balance. These four customers accounted for approximately , , and , respectively, of the Company's accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had two customers that accounted for of revenue; and , respectively and those same two customers, including one other customer together accounted for ; , and , respectively, of its December 31, 2021 accounts receivable balance. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had suppliers to produce its input devices. The Company has modified its software to operate in windows-based systems and can integrate with different hardware platforms that are readily available in the marketplace. The Company does not maintain a manufacturing facility of its own and is not dependent on maintaining its production relationships due to the flexibility of its software to run on multiple existing platforms. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 
 ) Denominator: Weighted average common shares Basic Weighted average common shares - Diluted Net Loss per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 Restricted stock Performance stock units Total 
 
 See Note 9. 
 Comprehensive Loss 
 The Company s comprehensive loss is equal to its net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

 operating segment, all required financial segment information can be found in the financial statements. 

Subsequent Events 
 
 The Company reviewed all material events through the date these financial statements were issued for subsequent event disclosure consideration. 

3. 
 
 U.S. treasury notes (1) 
 ) Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments ) 
 (1) These U.S. treasury notes are classified as "held-to-maturity" as they were purchased in December 2022 and mature in July 2023. Since these securities are intended to be held until maturity and mature in less than a year from its purchase date, any unrealized gains or losses are not realized until its maturity date and the amortized cost of these securities can be found 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

The Company did t hold any securities that were in an unrealized loss position for more than 12 months as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were material realized gains or losses on these short-term investments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

4. 
 Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Office equipment Less Accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and respectively. Depreciation expense is included in the Statement of Operations within the Selling, general and administrative line item. 
 
 5. 
 - years 
 ) Developed technology years ) ) 
 Estimated Useful Life As of December 31, 2021 Adjusted Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Patents and copyrights - years 
 ) Developed technology years ) ) 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

 General and administrative 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 These amounts are subject to change based upon the review of recoverability and useful lives that are performed at least annually. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired in businesses combinations. Under ASC 350, purchased goodwill is not amortized, but rather is tested for impairment. The Company s goodwill balance was as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. This goodwill resulted from the acquisitions of Mobilisa, Inc. and Positive Access Corporation. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company performed its annual impairment test of goodwill in the fourth quarter. Under authoritative guidance, the Company can use industry and Company specific qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that impairment exists before performing step one of the quantitative goodwill impairment test. An entity is not required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. Events or changes in circumstances which could trigger an impairment review include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance, other entity specific events and sustained decrease in share price. 
 The Company performed the first step of the goodwill impairment test to identify potential impairment by comparing the fair value of the Company to its carrying amount, including goodwill. The fair value was determined using the weighting of certain valuation techniques, including both income and market approaches which include a discounted cash flow analysis, an analysis of similar public company financial information, and an analysis of market transactions. Although the Company believes that the factors considered in the impairment analysis are reasonable, changes in any one of the assumptions used could have produced a different result which may have led to an impairment charge. Any future impairment loss could have a material adverse effect on our long-term assets and operating expenses in the period in which impairment is determined to exist. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company determined that the fair value of the Company was greater than its carrying amount and therefore the second step of the goodwill impairment test was not required. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

 6. 
 advance from the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The Company repaid this EIDL advance on December 7, 2020. The Company had not imputed interest on this advance as the rate was determined to be a below-market rate due to the scope exception in ASC 835-30-15-3(e) for government-mandated interest rates. On December 27, 2020, Congress passed the Economic Aid to Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofits and Venues Act the Economic Aid Act which relieves companies of their obligations to repay EIDL advances. As a result of this ruling, the SBA returned this advance, plus interest to the Loan Servicer on February 18, 2021, which was immediately returned to the Company and included in Other income on the Statements of Operations. 
 Revolving Line of Credit 
 On February 6, 2019, the Company entered into a revolving credit facility with Citi Personal Wealth Management that allows for borrowings up to the lesser of (i) or (ii) the collateralized balance in the Company s existing fixed income investment account with Citi Personal Wealth Management subject to certain limitations. The facility bears interest at a rate consistent of Citi Personal Wealth Management s Base Rate at December 31, 2022) minus . Interest is payable monthly and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts outstanding under this facility and unused availability under this facility was . 
 Insurance Financing Arrangement 
 On June 17, 2022 the Company entered a financing arrangement related to insurance premiums totaling with an interest rate of . The monthly loan payments of are paid to HUB International New England for a total of months. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a remaining commitment of which is expected to be paid by March 17, 2023. 
 
 7. 
 Payroll and related Incentive bonuses Other 
 
 8. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

Payroll related accruals Stock-based compensation Intangible assets Sec. 174 Capitalized costs Other Depreciation Research and development tax credits Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) Net deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Permanent items ) ) Research and development tax credits Cumulative deferred adjustments ) Rate change ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Other ) ) Effective income tax (benefit) expense rate ) 
 
 There were no tax interest or penalties recorded in the financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company s available NOL at December 31, 2022 was approximately million, of which million expires between 2035 and 2037. In accordance with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the "Tax Act"), U.S. NOLs arising in a tax year ending after 2017 will not expire. 
 The Company files numerous tax returns in various jurisdictions. The Company is not currently under examination by any taxing authority, nor has the Company signed any waiver of the statute of limitations with any taxing authority. The Company remains open to examination by major taxing jurisdictions from 2019 to date. ASC 740 requires evaluation of uncertain tax positions and as of December 31, 2022, the Company has no material uncertain tax positions. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to state minimum taxes and within jurisdictions where there were not sufficient state net operating losses to offset taxable income. The effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is different from the tax benefit that would result from applying the statutory tax rates primarily due to the recognition of valuation allowances. In 2022, the valuation allowance increased by approximately , primarily related to temporary differences arising from Section 174 capitalized costs. The Company had a taxable income in 2022 and the Company's existing NOL decreased primarily due to temporary differences that occurred during the year. 
 
 9. 
 class of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with a par value of . The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into an equal number of common shares at the holder s option, subject to adjustment for anti-dilution. The holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends as and if declared by the Board of Directors. In the event of liquidation or dissolution of the Company, the holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive all accrued dividends, if applicable, plus the liquidation price of per share. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 To retain and attract qualified personnel necessary for the success of the Company, the Company adopted the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan covering up to of the Company s common shares, pursuant to which officers, directors, key employees and consultants to the Company are eligible to receive incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options and restricted stock units. All the equity compensation plans prior to Company s 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan have been closed. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors administers this Plan and determines the terms and conditions of stock options granted, including the exercise price. This Plan generally provides that all stock options will expire within of the date of grant. Incentive stock options granted under this Plan must be granted at an exercise price that is not less than the fair market value per share at the date of the grant and the exercise price must not be less than of the fair market value per share at the date of the grant for grants to persons owning more than of the voting stock of the Company. This Plan also entitles non-employee directors to receive grants of non-qualified stock options as approved by the Board of Directors. 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value the options on the grant date. The table below presents the weighted average expected life of the stock options in years. The Company uses the simplified method for all restricted stock units and stock options to estimate the expected life of the option and assumes that stock options will be exercised evenly over the period from vesting until the awards expire. Volatility is determined using changes in historical stock prices. The interest rate for periods within the expected life of the award is based on U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect on the grant date. Options, generally, vest from to . The compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis, reduced by forfeitures as they occur. 
 Certain option awards are classified as liability awards. The fair values of these awards are determined at each reporting period utilizing a Black Scholes option pricing model, and the associated compensation expense (credit) for the reporting period is recorded. The Company decreased by ) and , of stock-based compensation expense in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

Exercise price 
 Expected dividend yield Expected volatility 
 Expected life (in years) 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 The fair value of the Company s stock options granted in the years ended, December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, that are being classified as liability awards were marked-to-market using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions and weighted average fair values: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Valuation assumptions: Exercise price range 
 Expected dividend yield Expected volatility range for grants after mark-to-market adjustment - 
 Expected life (in years) for grants after mark-to-market adjustment 
 Risk-free interest rate range for grants after mark-to-market adjustment - 
 
 years Granted Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 years Granted Forfeited ) Exercised Outstanding at December 31, 2022 years Exercisable at December 31, 2022 years 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

 to 
 years to 
 years years 
 The weighted-average fair value of the options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 is . All stock options have been issued with an exercise price that is equal or above the fair market value of the Company s Common Stock on the date of grant. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company periodically issues Restricted Stock Units RSUs which are equity-based instruments that may be settled in shares of common stock of the Company. The Company issues RSUs to certain directors as compensation which vest with the passage of time. The vesting of all RSUs is contingent on continued board and employment services. 
 The compensation expense incurred by the Company for RSUs is based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, is amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period and charged to operating expenses with a corresponding increase to additional paid-in capital, reduced by forfeitures when they occur. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested and Settled in shares ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Forfeited ) Vested and Settled in shares ) Outstanding December 31, 2022 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

 Performance Stock Units (PSUs) to its officers and certain employees as compensation PSU Plan ). of the PSUs were to vest based on the Company s market price and were to vest based on the Company s Adjusted EBITDA. Both the conditions were to occur over a specified time and were contingent on continued employment services. 
 On November 4, 2021, the Company amended its PSU Plan so that of the PSUs will vest based on the Company s market price as the sole vesting criteria. As a result of this amendment, the adjusted EBITDA performance metric from the previous plan is no longer a criteria performance metric. The Company recorded additional stock-based compensation expense of in the fourth quarter of 2021 resulting from the amendment to the PSU Plan. 
 The fair value of these awards with a market condition was estimated, at the date of grant, using the Monte Carlo Simulation model with compensation expense being determined on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant and is amortized ratably on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. With the amendment mentioned above such that the Company's market price is the sole vesting criteria for these awards, compensation expense is charged to operating expenses with a corresponding increase to additional paid-in capital and is not reversed if the vesting criteria is not met. 
 Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation costs, related to all unvested stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units. These costs are expected to be recognized as compensation expense over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 Restricted stock units Performance stock units 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

 Research and development 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares available for future grants under the Company s equity compensation plans. 
 Warrants 
 All previously granted warrants were issued with an exercise price that was equal to or above the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had remaining warrants available to exercise. There were warrants exercised at a price of during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 10. 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the Statement of Operations. 
 The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at lease inception. The arrangement is a lease if it conveys the right to the Company to control the use of identified property, plant, or equipment for a period of time in exchange for consideration. The Company did t have an Operating Lease ROU or Operating Lease Liability as of December 31, 2022, as its office lease is on a month-to-month term and allows for either party to terminate the lease without a significant penalty. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is not aware of any infringement by our products or technology on the proprietary rights of others. 
 The Company is not currently involved in any legal or regulatory proceeding, or arbitration, the outcome of which is reasonably possible to have a material effect on its business. 
 Cash Incentive Plans 
 In May 2020, the Board entered into a 2020 separate executive incentive bonus plan the 2020 Bonus Plan with the Company s executive management team. Each agreement, under the 2020 Bonus Plan, is based on certain goals achieved by the Company plus individual achievements by each executive. 
 In June 2020, the Company s executive management team created a 2020 Employee Incentive Plan for all the Company s non-executives and non-sales personnel. The incentive payment is based on the Company attaining certain revenue goals for the calendar year 2022 and is based as a percentage of the employee s salary. 
 At December 31, 2022, this bonus liability for the executive and employee bonus plans amounted to and is included in the Accrued Expenses on the Balance Sheets as well as Note 7. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 INTELLICHECK, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 All dollar amounts are rounded to thousands, except share data 

 11. 
 of compensation, subject to certain limitations. The Company has elected to contribute a matching contribution equal to of the first of an eligible employee s deferral election. The Company may also make discretionary contributions, subject to certain conditions, as defined in the plan. The Company s matching contributions were and for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-27 

<EX-10.6>
 2
 jeffreyishmaelofferlette.htm
 EX-10.6

jeffreyishmaelofferlette 

lntellicheck, Inc. Employment Agreement Intellicheck, Inc. Company and Jeffrey Ishmael Employee (together, the parties enter into this Employment Agreement Agreement effective as of May, 6, 2022, 2022 Based upon the consideration of the mutual covenants in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 1. Employment. 1.1 Employee agrees to be employed as Chief Financial Officer of Company. Employee s first day of employment as Chief Financial Officer CFO will be close of business, May 13, 2022 Start Date ). The CFO reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer CEO ). Employee will comply with all rules, policies, and procedures of Company, as modified from time to time, including, without limitation, rules and procedures set forth in Company s employee handbook as adopted and modified from time to time at Company s sole discretion. Employee will perform all of Employee s responsibilities in complete compliance with all applicable laws. Company may, in its discretion, modify Employee s duties, title, and assignment. 1.2 Employee agrees to devote Employee s full and undivided work time, energy, knowledge, skill, and ability to the purposes of Company and discharging Employee s responsibilities for the benefit of Company s business. In no event will Employee allow other activities to conflict or interfere with Employee s duties to Company. Employee agrees to perform all duties faithfully and diligently and to the best of Employee s ability. Employee recognizes that the services to be rendered under this Agreement require certain training, skills, and experience, and that this Agreement is entered into for the purpose of obtaining such service for Company. Employee agrees to provide Company with any information that Employee lawfully possesses and that will be of benefit to Company, unless providing such information would violate a third party s rightful claim of ownership or unless such information is subject to an ongoing obligation of confidentiality to any third party, particularly any prior employers of Employee. Employee agrees to conduct himself in a way that will be a credit to the reputation and interests of Company and its Affiliates, to perform Employee s duties in a careful, safe, loyal, and prudent manner, and to otherwise fulfill all fiduciary and other duties Employee has to Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Affiliate means any person or entity, including the current subsidiaries of Company, currently existing or subsequently formed that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Company, whether by contract, through the ownership of voting securities or otherwise. 1.3 Employee s initial base of operations will be Employee s home in California. Employee will travel the United States and internationally as necessary to fulfill the responsibilities of Employee s position. 2. At-Will Employment. Employee understands and agrees that Employee s employment with Company will be at will and for no specific term, and either Employee or Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without reason, with or without cause, notice, pre-termination warning or discipline, or other pre- or post- termination procedures of any kind, subject only to the provisions of Section 4 regarding payments upon termination. Any representations to the contrary, whether written, verbal, DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

or implied by any Company communication, conduct, or practice, are unauthorized and void unless contained in a formal written employment contract signed by Company s Chief Executive Officer, and Employee. Except as otherwise noted in this Agreement, Employee will not be entitled to any further compensation or benefits, other than compensation earned through the termination date of Employee s employment, accrued, unused vacation, and vested benefits, if any exist, regardless of the reason for termination. 3. Compensation and Benefits. Employee will be entitled to compensation and benefits pursuant to the following subparagraphs. 3.1 Base Salary. Employee will be paid a salary at an annual gross rate of 325,000 per year Base Salary ), with the actual amount paid to be prorated for the actual period of employment and payable in equal installments in accordance with Company s normal payroll practices, subject to appropriate deductions and withholding. 3.2 On-Target Bonus. Company will provide Employee with the opportunity to earn an On-Target Bonus under terms identified by Company and based on achievement of goals identified by the Chief Executive Officer. For calendar year 2022 and going forward, Employee is eligible to earn an On-Target Bonus of 60 based on Revenue and EBITDA targets set by the Board of Directors Board and the achievement of goals identified by the CEO, and any bonus may be in the form determined by Company (including an option to purchase Company stock). Any On-Target Bonus will be prorated for the actual period of employment and subject to Employee s satisfaction of all eligibility criteria, as determined by the CEO. Any On-Target Bonus will not be deemed earned until paid, and Employee must be employed with Company at the time of payment and award to be eligible to receive such payment and award. For 2022, the portion of the bonus based on Revenue and EBITDA targets is guaranteed (provided that Employee satisfies the conditions in the preceding sentence) and Employee will be granted an option to purchase 156,000 worth of shares of Company stock as of the Start Date with the number of options granted being 156,000 divided by the closing price of the Company s common stock on the Start Date and the exercise price of such option being the closing price of the Company s common stock on the Start Date. Such option will vest on March 31, 2023 (the date in 2023 when Company makes annual bonus payments); the portion of the bonus for 2022 that may be earned based on achievement of goals identified by the CEO is not guaranteed. 3.3 Stock Option. Upon the Start Date, Employee will receive an additional option to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock (subject to adjustment in the event of any recapitalization, stock split or reverse stock split), under the Company s 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended. The exercise price will be set as of the close of business on the Start Date with vesting as follows: after one year and then 1/8th of the remaining unvested options would vest on a quarterly basis so that the option is fully vested after three years. 3.4 Benefits. Employee will be eligible to participate in employee benefit programs established by Company for personnel on a basis commensurate with Employee s position and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the governing documents and Company s policies from time to time, provided that Employee satisfies the eligibility requirements of any such program. Nothing herein will require the adoption or maintenance of any such plans. Employee also will receive the following additional benefits: DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

3.4.1 Vacation. Employee will be provided with 20 vacation days per calendar year, which will accrue in accordance with Company s vacation policy. Employee may use his vacation consistent with the applicable Company policy in place at the time of use. 3.4.2 Expenses. Company will reimburse Employee in accordance with Company s policies and procedures for reasonable expenses necessarily incurred in the performance of duties hereunder, provided that Employee provides appropriate receipts and vouchers indicating the specific business purpose for each such expenditure in accordance with Company policies. 3.5 Stock Option. Upon the Start Date, Employee will receive an option to purchase 200,000 shares (subject to adjustment in the event of any recapitalization, stock split or reverse stock split), under the Company s 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended. The exercise price will be set as of the close of business on the Start Date with vesting as follows: after one year and then 1/8th of the remaining unvested options would vest on a quarterly basis so that the option is fully vested after three years. 4. Termination. In addition to the provisions in Sections 4.1 through 4.5, if and as applicable, upon termination of Employee s employment by Company or Employee for any reason, Company will pay Employee (a) salary earned on or before the termination date of Employee s employment, (b) unpaid expenses, (c) accrued, unused vacation, and (d) vested benefits, if any exist, which vested benefits will be handled in accordance with their controlling plans and documents (collectively, Final Pay ). Employee s last day of employment, regardless of the reason for termination (or no reason) is the Separation Date. 4.1 Termination by Company For Cause or Resignation by Employee. Company will have the right to terminate immediately Employee s services and this Agreement for Cause upon notice of termination. Upon termination of Employee s employment hereunder for Cause, or if Employee terminates Employee s employment for any reason, all compensation described herein will cease as of the Separation Date, and Employee will have no rights to any other compensation or payments, other than the Final Pay. Any assignment of this Agreement by Company will not constitute a termination for Cause for purposes of this Section 4.1. 4.2 Termination by Company Without Cause. Company will have the right to terminate immediately Employee s services and this Agreement without Cause and without Employee s consent upon notice of termination, subject to the provisions of this Section 4.2. If Company terminates Employee s employment without Employee s consent and without Cause, Company will provide Employee the following (collectively, Severance ), subject to the conditions below: Severance Payments: If Employee is terminated without Cause: o Prior to the one-year anniversary of the Start Date, Company will continue to pay Employee s base monthly salary (at the annual rate then in effect), subject to applicable deductions and withholdings, for six months in accordance with Company s regular payroll schedule. DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

o After the one-year anniversary of the Start Date, Company will continue to pay Employee s base monthly salary (at the annual rate then in effect), for one year subject to applicable deductions and withholdings, for one year in accordance with Company s regular payroll schedule. Each payment is a Severance Payment. The Severance Payments will commence with the next payment cycle after the Separation Date, provided that Employee has satisfied the conditions below and further provided that if the next payment period begins in one taxable year and ends in a subsequent taxable year, Severance Payments will commence in the subsequent taxable year. Benefits Continuation: If Employee is terminated without Cause, Company will reimburse Employee for the full amount of premiums Employee paid for participation in Company s medical, dental, and vision plans pursuant to Section 498B(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (COBRA) until such time as Employee becomes eligible for coverage under another employer s insurance plan or the following periods, whichever is shorter: o Prior to the one-year anniversary of this agreement, for a period of six months. o After the one-year anniversary of this Agreement, for a period of one year. The Severance is expressly conditioned upon (a) Employee s timely execution and delivery to Company of a separation agreement in a form acceptable to Company, which will include a full waiver and release of all claims by Employee against Company, its Affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, and agents; (b) Employee not rescinding or revoking the separation agreement; and (c) Employee being and remaining in full compliance with this Agreement (including Sections 5, 6, and 7), and all other obligations to Company. Except as provided in this Section 4.2, upon termination by Company without Employee s consent and without Cause, Employee will not be entitled to any further compensation, payments, or severance other than the Final Pay. 4.3 Death or Disability. Employee and Company acknowledge that Employee s ability to perform the duties specified in Section 1 or as otherwise communicated by Company are of the essence of this Agreement. This Agreement and Employee s employment hereunder will terminate automatically upon the death or Total Disability of Employee. If Employee s employment is terminated as a result of the Employee s death or Total Disability, this Agreement will terminate without further obligations to Employee, other than the Final Pay. 4.4 Limitations. Employee agrees that this Section 4 details the sole consideration to which Employee may be entitled in the event of the termination of Employee s employment. Employee expressly waives and relinquishes any claim to other or further consideration. If any consideration is owed to Employee in connection with Employee s termination of employment under any arrangement or law (including the federal Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or other state or DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

local laws), then amounts owed to Employee under this Section 4 will be less the amount of all such sums to the extent permitted by law. 4.5 Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions apply: a. Cause means a good faith determination by Company that: (i) Employee has engaged in conduct that constitutes gross negligence, flagrant disloyalty to Company, material dishonesty, fraud, theft or embezzlement; (ii) Employee has failed to perform assigned job duties or willfully or repeatedly failed to carry out the directions of the Board, CEO, or their designee; (iii) Employee engaged in insubordination or willful dereliction of his duties hereunder; (iv) Employee has falsified any Company record or violated any law or regulation related to performance of Employee s duties; (v) Employee has engaged in conduct in violation of material policies of Company or its Affiliates, including policies pertaining to compliance with the laws prohibiting unlawful discrimination, harassment, or insider trading; (vi) Employee has been convicted of or entered a plea of nolo contendere to any crime involving fraud, embezzlement, or any other act of moral turpitude or any felony; (vii) Employee has breached the terms of any agreement signed in connection with Employee s employment with Company or any of its Affiliates (including this Agreement); or (viii) Employee s employment with Company or performance of duties within that employment is found to violate any obligation of Employee to any third party not to engage in such employment or duties. b. Total Disability means Employee s inability (with or without such accommodation as may be required by law protecting persons with disabilities and that places no undue burden on Company) as determined in good faith by the Board or its designee, to perform Employee s duties hereunder for a period or periods aggregating 90 calendar days in any 12- month period as a result of physical or mental illness. 5. Confidential Information. 5.1 Confidentiality Obligations and Confidential Information. Employee may obtain, receive, or gain access to Confidential Information in connection with Employee s work for Company. Employee acknowledges that disclosure of Confidential Information outside of Company would severely affect Company or its Affiliates and provide the recipient of the Confidential Information with an unfair competitive advantage. During Employee s relationship with Company and at all times thereafter, Employee will hold all Confidential Information in strictest confidence and will not copy, acquire, use, publish, disclose, or communicate any Confidential Information except as necessary for Employee to perform Employee s employment duties for (and while employed by) Company. Confidential Information means all information, data, and materials in whatever form, tangible or intangible, and whether or not marked or otherwise designated as confidential, that is not generally known to the public and that relates to the business, technology, practices, projects, products, services, inventions, ideas, trade secrets, developments, marketing, sales, customers, finances, or legal affairs of Company or its Affiliates, including without limitation information regarding business plans, marketing and sales data and plans, budgets, pricing information, suppliers, customer lists and information, DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

data (equipment, operational, and other data), concepts, techniques, processes, methods, know-how, designs, technology, computer programs, licenses, formulas, and development or experimental work. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, trade secrets are further defined in the Uniform Trade Secrets Act, RCW 19.108 et seq. (the UTSA ). Company also provides the following notice to Employee under the Defend Trade Secrets Act: An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (1) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (1) files any document containing the trade secret under seal;, and (2) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 5.2 Confidential Information of Third Parties. Employee will preserve as confidential any information that Employee learns or obtains from a third party or relating to a third party (such as a client, customer, affiliate, partner, or vendor) that is not readily available to the public or that Company is obligated to treat as confidential, and Employee will treat such information as Confidential Information. 5.3 Return of Confidential Information. Upon the Separation Date, or sooner if so requested, Employee will immediately return all Confidential Information and other things belonging to Company, including tools, equipment, devices, keys, identification, or other property, and all documents, records, notebooks, and tangible articles containing or embodying any Confidential Information, including any copies (whether stored in paper, electronic, magnetic, or other form) then in Employee s possession, custody, or control, whether prepared by Employee or others. Employee understands that all such documents and materials are Company s sole property and that Employee cannot make any copies thereof. 6. Intellectual Property. 6.1 Employee acknowledges that all developments, including, without limitation, the creation of products, services, source-code, applications, projects, strategies, tactics, promotions or publications, inventions, patentable or otherwise, discoveries, improvements, patents, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets, designs, works, reports, computer software, flow charts and diagrams, procedures and business methods, data, documentation and writings and applications thereof relating to the actual or planned business of Company or any of its Affiliates from and after the date of his association with Company, that, alone or jointly with others, the Employee may have discovered, conceived, created, made, developed, reduced to practice or acquired Developments ), are works made for hire and will remain the sole and exclusive property of Company, and Employee hereby assigns to Company all of Employee s right, title and interest in and to all such Developments. Employee agrees promptly and fully to disclose all future Developments to Company and, at any time upon request and at the sole DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

expense of Company, execute, acknowledge and deliver to Company all instruments that Company will prepare, give evidence, and take all other actions that are necessary or desirable in the reasonable opinion of Company to enable Company to file and prosecute applications for and to acquire, maintain and enforce all letters patent, trademark registrations or copyrights covering the Developments in all countries in which the same are deemed necessary by Company. All data, memoranda, notes, lists, drawings, records, files, customer lists, exhibitor lists and other documentation (and all copies thereof) made or compiled by Employee or made available to Employee concerning the Developments or otherwise concerning the actual or planned business of Company or any of its Affiliates will be the property of Company or such Affiliate, as the case may be, and will be delivered to Company promptly upon the termination of Employee s employment with Company. 6.2 Employee understands that Developments (as defined above) do not include, and the obligations of Section 6 do not apply to, subject matter that meets all of the following criteria: (A) is conceived, developed and created by Employee on Employee s own time without using Company s equipment, supplies or facilities, or any Confidential Information, (B) is unrelated to the actual or reasonably anticipated business or research and development of Company of which Employee is or becomes aware, and (C) does not result from any work performed by Employee for Company; provided, further, nothing in this Agreement will be construed to require Employee to assign to Company Developments that are excluded from any such assignment under California Labor Code section 2870. A copy of California Labor Code section 2870 will be provided to Employee upon written request or may be located on the internet and is reproduced under Exhibit A. Employee will be deemed to be aware of all activities of Company. 6.3 To avoid any misunderstanding, Employee has listed on Exhibit B (A) all materials, creations, designs, technology, discoveries, inventions, ideas, information, and other subject matter, including, but not limited to, copyrights, trade secrets, patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights, if any, developed or created by Employee, alone or with others, before the period of Employee s employment with Company in which Employee claims any ownership or rights, and (B) all agreements or arrangements that may affect the rights to any such subject matter or Employee s ability to be employed by and perform services for Company and comply with the requirements of this Agreement. Employee acknowledges and agrees that (i) by not listing particular subject matter, Employee is warranting that the subject matter was not conceived, developed, or created before commencement of Employee s employment, and (ii) by not listing particular agreements or arrangements, Employee is warranting that no such agreements or arrangements exist. 7. Nonsolicitation and Nondisparagement. 7.1 Nonsolicitation. During Employee s employment with Company and for a period of 6 months after the Separation Date (which term shall be increased to 12 months DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

after the second anniversary of the Start Date), Employee will not, directly or indirectly, except for on behalf of Company or except with the prior written approval of Company, use Company s Confidential Information to (a) solicit or otherwise encourage any employee, contractor, or consultant of Company or its Affiliates Covered Workers to terminate any employment or contractual relationship with Company or its Affiliates; or (b) otherwise interfere with the performance of current or former Covered Workers of their obligations or responsibilities to Company or its Affiliates. 7.2 Nondisparagement. After the Separation Date, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Employee and Company will not, directly or indirectly, disparage Employee, Company, its Affiliates, or any of its or their officers, directors, or employees Covered Group ). This includes, but is not necessarily limited to, not saying or doing anything that portrays Covered Group in a negative light. Despite the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent Employee from testifying truthfully in response to any lawfully issued subpoena, court order, or arbitral order, or providing truthful information in response to any governmental or administrative agency investigation, as long as Employee has received a subpoena, court order, or arbitral order (a Disclosure Demand to do so with respect to Employee s employment with Company. Also, Employee must provide the Disclosure Demand to Company within three business days of receiving it and cooperate with Company and its Affiliates to the extent any of them wish to object to or challenge the Disclosure Demand. Even if Employee has not received a Disclosure Demand, Employee may participate in or cooperate with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or similar agency. Further, nothing in this Agreement is intended to prohibit Employee from initiating communications with or filing charges with any federal, state, or local regulatory authority or agency, including but not limited to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for matters for which such agency has jurisdiction. 7.3 Nothing in this Section 7 will prohibit Employee from (a) working in the industry, engaging in academic research or teaching, or using Employee s skills and experience, in each case in compliance with the restrictions contained in this Agreement; (b) holding up to one percent of the issued and outstanding securities of any class of securities of any entity that is publicly traded and quoted on a recognized securities exchange, so long as Employee does not, directly or indirectly, exercise any management or control with respect to, or have any active participation in the business of, such entity; or (c) discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment, discrimination, retaliation or any other conduct that Employee has reason to believe is unlawful. 8. Disclosure. Employee agrees fully and completely to reveal the terms of Sections 5, 6, and 7 of this Agreement to any new or prospective employee, business partner, or investor of Employee and authorizes Company, at its election, to make such disclosure and provide a copy of this Agreement to any new or prospective employee, business partner, or investor. 9. Representations Regarding Existing Obligations. Employee represents and certifies as follows: (a) Employee is not in possession or control of any document or other tangible thing that in any way constitutes confidential, proprietary, or trade secret information of any third party (including any former employer); (b) Employee is not subject to a noncompetition or other agreement that precludes Employee s work for Company; (c) DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

Employee has identified all confidentiality, nonsolicitation, or similar agreements or obligations Employee has with any third party, and Employee will not violate any such agreements or obligations in the course of Employee s work for Company; and (d) Employee will not use or disclose any tangible or intangible information that constitutes a trade secret of any third party (including any former employer) in the course of Employee s employment, except pursuant to written authorization to do so. 10. Remedies for Breach and Right to Injunction. Any breach of Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9 of this Agreement may cause Company irreparable harm for which there is no adequate remedy at law and, as a result, Company will be entitled to the issuance by a court of competent jurisdiction of an injunction, restraining order, or other equitable relief in favor of itself, without the necessity of posting a bond, restraining Employee from committing or continuing to commit any such violation. Any right to obtain an injunction, restraining order, or other equitable relief under this Agreement will not be considered a waiver of any right to assert any other remedy Company may have at law or in equity. Nothing in this Agreement will limit the remedies available to Company. Rather, the terms of this Agreement supplement, and do not replace, any other obligations Employee has have under applicable law, including the UTSA and other laws regarding confidentiality, non- disclosure, assignment of inventions, or the protection of intellectual property or business interests. The UTSA is fully applicable and includes all definitions and remedies in the event of a violation of the UTSA. The restrictions in this Agreement are independent of any other provision of this Agreement and will be enforceable whether or not Employee may have or purport to have any claim against Company. 11. Conditions of Employment. Company s obligations to Employee under this Agreement are conditioned upon Employee s timely compliance with requirements of the U.S. immigration laws. 12. Miscellaneous. 12.1 Fees. In any suit or action brought to enforce this Agreement, or to obtain an adjudication, declaratory or otherwise, of rights hereunder, the losing party will pay to the prevailing party reasonable attorneys fees and all other costs and expenses that may be incurred by the prevailing party in such suit or action. 12.2 Assignability. This Agreement will be binding upon Employee, Employee s heirs, personal representatives, and permitted assigns and on Company, its successors, and assigns. During Employee s employment hereunder, this Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the written consent of the other; provided, however, that Company may in its sole discretion assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement, without Employee s consent, to any Affiliate or to a successor by sale, merger, or liquidation. 12.3 Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given hereunder will be sufficient if in writing, by registered or certified mail, addressed to Employee at: 22 Mission Bay Drive Corona Del Mar California 92625, or such other address as Employee may provide to Company in writing; or addressed to Company to the attention of Chief Executive Officer, or such other address as may be provided in writing by Company. Notices to Employee may, at the discretion of Company, alternatively be hand delivered to Employee. 12.4 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or compliance by any of the parties with any provision of this Agreement will constitute a violation of any law, DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

or be deemed unenforceable or void, then such provision, to the extent only that it is in violation of law, or is deemed void or unenforceable, will be deemed modified to the extent necessary so that it is no longer unenforceable, void or in violation of law and will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. If such modification is not possible, said provision, to the extent that it is in violation of law, void, or unenforceable, will be deemed severable from the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which provisions will remain binding on the parties. 12.5 Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties, and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous statements or understandings by or between the parties. This Agreement may be changed only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of any waiver, change, modification, extension, or discharge is sought. 12.6 Governing Law/Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding choice of law provisions. The parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agree to submit any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement to the non- exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California located in Orange County, California and the courts of the United States located in the District of California and, in any such action or proceeding, consent to jurisdiction in such courts and waive any objection to the venue in any such court. 12.7 Third-Party Beneficiaries. Affiliates of Company are and will be third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement. 12.8 Survival. Sections 4 through 13 will survive the termination of this Agreement or Employee s employment relationship with Company. 12.9 Nonwaiver. Failure of Company to insist upon strict adherence to any provision of this Agreement or to enforce any provision, on one or more occasions, will not be deemed to be a waiver of its right to enforce any provision in the future. 12.10 Code Section 409A. Company and Employee agree that this Agreement will be interpreted to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent applicable (collectively Section 409A and all provisions of this Agreement will be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Any payments to be made under this Agreement upon a termination of employment shall only be made if such termination of employment constitutes a separation from service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A and in no event shall Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by the Employee on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

a. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if at the time of Employee s termination of employment, he is a specified employee , determined in accordance with Section 409A, any payments and benefits provided under this Agreement that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A that are provided to Employee on account of his separation from service shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary of Employee s termination date Specified Employee Payment Date ). The aggregate amount of any payments that would otherwise have been made during such six-month period shall be paid in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date without interest and thereafter, any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance with their original schedule. If Employee dies during the six- month period, any delayed payments shall be paid to Employee s estate in a lump sum upon Employee s death. b. To the extent required by Section 409A, each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement shall be provided in accordance with the following: (i) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year cannot affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year; (ii) any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be paid to Employee on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and (iii) any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 12.11 Counterparts; Headings. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be treated as an original, but all of which taken together will be treated as one and the same instrument. The headings in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and will not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 13. Employee s Recognition of Agreement. Employee acknowledges with execution of this Agreement that: a. Employee has read and understood this Agreement and agrees that its terms are necessary for the reasonable and proper protection of Company s business, b. Company has been induced to employ Employee by his representation that he will abide by and be bound by each of the covenants and restraints in this Agreement, c. each and every covenant and restraint is reasonable, and d. Employee has been advised by Company that Employee is entitled to have this Agreement reviewed by an attorney of Employee s selection, at Employee s expense, before signing, and that Employee has either done so or elected to forgo that right. DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

Employee Intellicheck, Inc. Jeffrey Ishmael By Bryan Lewis, CEO DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

EXHIBIT A CALIFORNIA LABOR CODE SECTION 2870 (a) Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign, or offer to assign, any of his or her rights in an invention to his or her employer shall not apply to an invention that the employee developed entirely on his or her own time without using the employer s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information except for those inventions that either: (1) Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the employer s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the employer; or (2) Result from any work performed by the employee for the employer. (b) To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports to require an employee to assign an invention otherwise excluded from being required to be assigned under subdivision (a), the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable. DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

505739349.2 Page 14 of 14 EXHIBIT B RESERVED DEVELOPMENTS: RELATED AGREEMENTS OR ARRANGEMENTS [none, unless otherwise specified] DocuSign Envelope ID: 88E76F8D-082E-43D6-9EBB-16D980D89C8D 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 intellicheckinc2022-12xf.htm
 EX-23.1

intellicheckinc2022-12xf 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-238680) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-266379, 333-238627, 333-231781, 333-211298, 333-204308 and 333-258297) of Intellicheck, Inc. of our report dated March 28, 2023, with respect to the financial statements of Intellicheck, Inc. included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ FORVIS, LLP Tysons, Virginia March 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 eisneramperconsentdraft1.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (No. 333-238680) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-238627, 333-231781, 333-211298, 333-204308, 333-258297 and 333-266379) on Form S-8 of Intellicheck, Inc., of our report dated March 24, 2022, except for the effects of the restatement discussed in Note 2 to those financial statements, as to which the date is June 9, 2022, with respect to the balance sheet of Intellicheck, Inc. as of December 31, 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended and the related notes (collectively the financial statement ), which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about March 28, 2023. 
 
 s EisnerAmper LLP 
 
 EISNERAMPER LLP 
 Iselin, New Jersey 
 March 28, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 idn-20211231x10kxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bryan Lewis, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Intellicheck, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15I) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Date March 28, 2023 s Bryan Lewis Name Bryan Lewis Title Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 idn-20211231x10kxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jeffrey Ishmael, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Intellicheck, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15I) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Date March 28, 2023 s Jeffrey Ishmael Name Jeffrey Ishmael Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 idn-20211231x10kxex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Intellicheck, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated March 28, 2023 s Bryan Lewis Name Bryan Lewis Title Chief Executive Officer and Director Dated March 28, 2023 s Jeffrey Ishmael Name Jeffrey Ishmael Title Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 idn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 idn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 idn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 idn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 idn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

