<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230213_10-K_edgar_data_1190370_0001731122-23-000202.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4468273</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98465</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>791848</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1612453</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>844223</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1000308</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000202.hdr.sgml : 20230213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230213172837
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000202
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INNOVATIVE DESIGNS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001190370
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FABRICATED TEXTILE PRODUCTS [2390]
		IRS NUMBER:				030465528
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51791
		FILM NUMBER:		23620191

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		124 CHERRY ST.
		STREET 2:		STE 1
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15223
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4127990350

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		124 CHERRY ST.
		STREET 2:		STE 1
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15223

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000202.txt : 20230213

10-K
 1
 e4409_10k.htm
 10-K

U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C.
20549 

FORM 

Annual report under section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Act of 1934. For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

Transition report under section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Act of 1934. For the Transition period from _______ to ________. 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other Jurisdiction
of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification
Number) 

, 
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number including area
code) 

Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: 

________________ 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which 
 registered 

________________ 

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

 (Title of Class) 

1 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Check whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (sec. 229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. (Check One) 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging reporting Company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes 

The issuer s revenues for its most recent fiscal
year were 263,293. 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was sold, or the average
bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter was . This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any
other purposes. 

The number of shares of the registrant s common
stock outstanding on February 8, 2023, was . 

Transitional Small Business Disclosure Format: Yes
 No 

2 

ITEM 1. 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS. 

The Company was incorporated in the State of Delaware
on June 25, 2002. We operate in two separate business segments: a house wrap for the building construction industry and cold weather clothing.
Both of our segment lines use products made from Insultex, which is a low-density polyethylene semi-crystalline, closed cell foam in which
the cells are totally evacuated. with buoyancy, scent block, and thermal resistant properties. We have a license agreement directly with
the owner of the Insultex technology. In December 2015, we took delivery of equipment capable of producing Insultex. Given the time and
cost of bringing the equipment into production mode and our current financial condition until we are able to begin manufacturing Insultex,
we will continue to operate under the license agreement for the manufacture of Insultex used in our products. 

Other companies are free to purchase Insultex from
us assuming that it is a company within the distribution jurisdiction that we have, which is worldwide with the exception of Korea and
Japan. Other than Korea and Japan, we are the sole worldwide supplier/distributor of the Insultex material. 

We offer the following products containing Insultex: 

House Wrap : Our house wrap product is designed for
the home building construction industry. This product, made from Insultex provides barrier protection plus moisture vapor transmission
and approximately R-3 and R-6 value insulation. We no longer manufacture the R-3 product line and are only selling it from our inventory.
House Wrap is a multi-ply weatherization membrane that provides a protective layer under a building s outer covering that resists
water and air infiltration, preventing mold and mildew buildup that could cause structural rotting. What differentiates Insultex from
its competition is the fact that it offers an R-Value, the term used to measure thermal resistance, and is most commonly used when referring
to the insulating qualities of a building structure, thus increasing energy efficiency. We are currently working on developing a House
Wrap product line for the commercial building construction industry. 

In December 2016, we temporarily
suspended any advertising of our House Wrap product line. We took this action as a result of a lawsuit brought by the Federal Trade Commission FTC ). On September 24, 2020, a judgment was entered in favor of the Company against the FTC as to all claims by the FTC.
The judgment was upheld on appeal by the FTC on July 22, 2021. In March of 2021, we resumed advertising for our House Wrap products.
We also sell a tape that is designed to be used with the House Wrap. 

Floating Swimwear : Product
under our product name Swimeez . Our swimwear is designed to be a swim aid. The interior lining of our swimwear product
is made from INSULTEX, which enhances floatability. This product was discontinued during 2010 and we are only selling from our existing
inventory. 

Hunting Apparel Line :
Our hunting apparel provides almost total block from odors provided by the INSULTEX material. This product was discontinued during 2010
and we are only selling from our existing inventory. 

Arctic Armor Line : The
Arctic Armor line, introduced in April of 2006, consists of a jacket, bib and gloves. The suit contains 3 layers of INSULTEX for uncompromised
warmth and provides the user with guaranteed buoyancy. The gloves contain a single layer of INSULTEX and are windproof, waterproof and
good to sub-zero temperatures as are the jacket and bibs. We are currently only selling from our existing inventory. 

Insultex Material : We
sell Insultex material in bulk to non-competing customers. 

We also offer a product that helps restore the waterproof
character of the outer side of our Arctic Armor clothing. In addition, we offer cold weather headgear and a base insulation clothing product. 

We no longer manufacture our apparel products containing
Insultex. We only sell from our existing inventory. Our Inultex House Wrap product is manufactured in the United States through third-party
manufacturers. 

3 

For financial information regarding each segment,
please see Note 10 of the Notes to Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this Report. 

The Insultex License and Manufacturing Agreement 

Under the terms of the agreement between us and the
Ketut Group, Ketut Group agrees to promptly deliver to Innovative Designs, Inc. within twenty-eight (28) days of receiving an order, all
Insultex ordered by us. Under the terms of the agreement, we are required to pay a fixed amount per meter of Insultex. This fixed amount
will not change under the agreement for a period of ten (10) years after the date of the agreement was signed, which was April 1, 2006.
The agreement provides that after the ten (10) year period, the price of the Insultex shall be adjusted for a subsequent ten (10) year
term, no more than twelve percent (12 for the subsequent ten (10) year period. We order Insultex from time to time as needed and are
not required to purchase any minimum amount of Insultex during the term of the agreement, and we are not required to make any minimum
annual payment. However, should we place an order; any quantity ordered must be a minimum of 100,000 yards of Insultex. We are not required
to pay any part of any sublicense fee that we receive from third party sub-licensees, and we are not required to pay any fees to the Ketut
Group. This agreement will be in full legal force and effect for an initial term of ten (10) years from the date of its execution. We
have the option to renew this agreement for up to three (3) successive terms of ten (10) years each by giving notice of our intention
to so renew not less than ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. The Company has exercised the first ten-year
renewal option. We purchased the equipment capable of producing Insultex from the Ketut Group. 

COLD WEATHER CLOTHING PRODUCTS 

Arctic Armor Line 

Our Arctic Armor line products are intended for use
by the following consumer groups that are in the Company s target market for these products: We are currently only selling these
products form our existing inventory. 

Ice fisherman 

Snowmobilers 

Utility workers 

Oil/gas pipeline workers 

Railroad workers 

Construction workers 

Ski resort workers; and 

Police and First Responders. 

Website and Retailers 

We sell both wholesale and retail products on our
web site. Our web site, located at www.idigear.com, contains information on our products, technical information on Insultex insulation,
e-commerce capabilities with shopping cart , wholesaler information and order forms, company contact information, and links
to retailers that carry our products. We have obtained the services of BA Web Productions who assists us in designing and continually
developing our website. Our web site features a wholesaler only area, allowing our wholesalers access to information, ordering,
and reordering. Our products are offered and sold by retailers, distributors and through our web site in all states and Canada. Except
for products sold through our web site, others who purchase our products do so at wholesale prices which they plan to sell at their retail
prices or use within their industry. 

4 

Sales 

We sell our products online, to distributors and through
independent sales agents and agencies. Once we have made contact with a potential sales agency or solo agent, we evaluate their existing
accounts, the capacity and potential for them to effectively push our products. We also look at their current product lines through the
sales channel. Our primary market area is the outdoor industry which includes all activity done in cold weather. These activities include
recreational such as hunting, ice fishing, snowmobiling, and industries such as oil and gas, utilities and construction. Once we agree
to bring on an independent sales agent or agency, we enter into a standard agreement. 

A typical sales representative agreement will have
a term of one year with the right of either party to terminate upon thirty days written notice. We do not provide any free samples of
our products and all sales expenses are the sole obligation of the sales agent. 

Certain retailers buy directly from us. We have no
verbal or written agreements with them. These retailers purchase our products strictly on a purchase order basis. During our last fiscal
year, we sold our products to such retailers as Canadian Tire Corporation Limited. Some of our distributors during the last fiscal year
were Pro Fishing Supplies and Fleece Corner. We distribute our products to the following: 

Swimeez Products 

We distribute our Swimeez products through our web
site. 

Hunting Apparel Line 

We distribute our hunting apparel through our web
site. 

Arctic Armor Line 

We distribute the Arctic Armor Line through our web
site, to retailers and to distributors across the United States and Canada. These products are also marketed to utility companies, oil/gas
pipeline workers, railroad workers, police and first responders, and to construction workers. 

During our last fiscal year, one customer accounted
for more than ten percent of our cold weather clothing products sales, Pro Fishing Supplies (13.0 ). 

5 

HOUSE WRAP 

House Wrap 

In early January 2008, we announced that we had completed
our research and development effort on a new use for Insultex as a house wrap for the home building construction industry. This house
wrap provides barrier protection plus moisture vapor transmission and the feature of approximately R-3 and R-6 value insulation. The Insultex
House Wrap was designed to specifically add enhanced insulating characteristics. In addition, the House Wrap is priced competitively with
existing house wraps that do not provide any insulation. The development efforts were conducted by our own personnel and an outside consultant.
In December 2016, we temporarily suspended any advertising for our House Wrap product line as we were in litigation with the Federal Trade
Commission FTC ). The litigation has concluded as to the matters set forth in the FTC complaint and in March 2021, we resumed
advertising for our House Wrap products. 

Insultex House Wrap 

During our last fiscal year two customers accounted
for more than ten percent of our total sales of our House Wrap product, A-Team Building Supplies, LLC (41.0 and Jerry Home Improvement
Center (10.2 ). 

Competition 

Many companies offer a type of house wrap some with
insulating properties. These companies have large operations and are well financed. Some of the larger companies are DuPont, and Kimberly
Clark. The Company expects to face intense competition with others who have much greater resources in the building construction supply
industry. 

Our marketing program consists of the following: 

MARKETING COMPONENT 

Website Development and Internet Marketing 

We contract with marketing consultants to: 

(a) increase visitation to our website. 

(b) link with other established websites. 

(c) issue press releases to on-line publications. 

(d) conduct banner advertising. 

(e) develop arrangements with online retailers
that purchase our products on a wholesale basis. 

6 

Sales Representatives 

Our Vice President of sales and marketing works to: 

(a)
sell our merchandise to retail chain stores. 

(b)
initiate relationships with local and national recreational organizations; and 

(c) provide support to our distributor representatives 

Contract with Manufacturer 

We utilize the services of sales agencies to represent
our products in the United States and Canada. 

Design and Develop 

We presently use our own staff for services related
to literature, displays, develop brochures, point-of-sale displays, mailers, media materials, and literature and sales tools for our sales
representatives and manufacturer representatives. At such time as we have sufficient funding, we intend to contract out some of these
services. We no longer manufacture the R-3 House Wrap. 

Establish Wholesale 

We are and continue to develop relationships or distribution
relationships with retail points for our products to retail chain outlets and mass merchandisers to sell our products. We currently have
five domestic distributors and one international. Each distributor has a certain territory. Our domestic distributors collectively cover
the following jurisdictions; Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, North and South Dakota, Minnesota, Iowa, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York,
West Virginia, Maryland and Virginia. Our international distributor territory covers the UK, EU the Commonwealth countries except for
Canada and Africa. 

We ship wholesale product orders by United Parcel
Service or trucking companies. Retail orders from our website are shipped United Parcel Ground Service or Federal Express overnight. The
costs of shipping our finished goods are paid by our customers. We have not instituted any formal arrangements or agreements with United
Parcel Service, Federal Express or trucking companies, and we do not intend to do so. 

7 

Insultex is used in all our Arctic Armor finished
goods, except for our headwear. 

Any apparel inventory we maintain is stored at our
warehousing facility. Our warehouse facility has the capacity to hold 250,000 units of finished products in inventory. Our House Wrap
inventory is stored in our facility and in the facility that manufactures it. 

In 2004, we were granted a trademark for our name
 idigear with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 

In 2007, we were granted the mark Insultex 
by the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 

In 2011, we were granted a trademark for Insultex
House Wrap by the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 

8 

The Company has rights under a U.S Patent tiled Composite Fabric
Material and Apparel Made Therefrom which issued April 30, 2013. 

The Company has rights under a U.S. Paten titled Composite Materials 
which issued February 21, 2017, published on September 5, 2013. 

The Company caused to have filed a utility paten application on December
18, 2009, titled Composite House Wrap which claimed priority to provisional patent application titled Composite House
Wrap on December 18, 2008. A patent application was published on June 24, 2010. Although no patent issued from this original disclosure,
this publication prevents third parties from patenting concepts obvious over these original teaching of the Company. 

The Company caused to have filed a utility patent application on May 31,
2017, titled Process for Forming Closed Cell Expanded Low density Polyethylene Foam and Products Formed Thereby , published
January 24, 2018.. The Company then caused to have filed a utility patent application on July 31, 2020, which application was published
February 11, 2021. In January 2023, the U.S Patent and Trademark Office issue a Notice of Allowance and a patent shall issue in due course. 

Additional patent applications o other property concepts
are also being pursued, 

Our production costs are limited to the invoices we
receive for Insultex from Ketut Group and our House Wrap product from the manufacturer. 

Although we are not aware of the need for any government
approval of our principal products, we may be subject to such approvals in the future. 

United States and foreign regulations may subject
us to increased regulation costs, and possibly fines or restrictions on conducting our business. We are subject, directly or indirectly,
to governmental regulations pertaining to the following government agencies: 

United States Customs Service 

We are required to pay a 6.5 importation duty to
the United States Customs Service on all imported products. We import Insultex from Indonesia from the Ketut Group, in accordance with
our agreement with the Ketut Group. 

United States Department of Labor s Occupational
Safety and Health Administration 

Because our sub-manufacturers manufacture our completed
products, we and our sub-manufacturers will be subject to the regulations of the United States Department of Labor s Occupational
Safety and Health Administration. 

We are not aware of any governmental regulations that
will affect the Internet aspects of our business. However, due to increasing usage of the Internet, a number of laws and regulations may
be adopted relating to the Internet covering user privacy, pricing, and characteristics and quality of products and services. Furthermore,
the growth and development of Internet commerce may prompt more stringent consumer protection laws imposing additional burdens on those
companies conducting business over the Internet. The adoption of any additional laws or regulations may decrease the growth of
the Internet, which, in turn, could decrease the demand for Internet services and increase the cost of doing business on the Internet.
These factors may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

9 

Moreover, the interpretation of sales tax, libel,
and personal privacy laws applied to Internet commerce is uncertain and unresolved. We may be required to qualify to do business as a
foreign corporation in each such state or foreign country. Our failure to qualify as a foreign corporation in a jurisdiction where we
are required to do so could subject us to taxes and penalties. Any such existing or new legislation or regulation, including state sales
tax, or the application of laws or regulations from jurisdictions whose laws do not currently apply to our business, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We currently have no costs associated with compliance
with environmental regulations. Because we do not manufacture our products, but rather they are manufactured by our sub-manufacturers,
we do not anticipate any costs associated with environmental compliance. Moreover, the delivery and distribution of our products will
not involve substantial discharge of environmental pollutants. However, there can be no assurance that we will not incur such costs in
the future. 

We estimate that all of our revenues will be from
the sale of our products. We will sell our products at prices above our original cost to produce our products. We expect our product prices
to be lower than network marketing companies, but higher compared with retail establishments that directly manufacture their own products. 

Products that are sold directly by our website will
be priced according to our Manufacturer Suggested Retail Prices. Our wholesale clients will purchase our products at our wholesale prices.
We recommend that our retailer clients sell our products at the Manufacturer Suggested Retail Prices that we provide to them which are
the same prices for products on our website; however, they are not required to do so and may price our products for retail sale at their
discretion. We have established M.A.P. (minimum advertised pricing) on our Arctic Armor suit in an attempt to allow all retailers
and distributors carrying the line to obtain reasonable gross margin dollars. 

We currently have a total of two full time employees.
We hire part-time personnel as needed. 

We have no collective bargaining or employment agreements. 

Reports and Other Information to Shareholders 

We are subject to the informational requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Accordingly, we file annual, quarterly and other reports and information with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. You may read and copy these reports and other information we file at the Securities and Exchange Commission s
public reference rooms in Washington, D.C., New York, New York, and Chicago, Illinois. Our filings are also available to the public from
commercial document retrieval services and the Internet worldwide website maintained by the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. 

10 

ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS. 

Lack of Sufficient Operating Funds-Going Concern 

Our independent registered public accounting firm
for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, has included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion that accompanies our audited financial
statements for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, indicating that as a result of the Company having had net losses and negative cash
flows and an accumulated deficit there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Because
we are not able to generate sufficient funds from sales and because we are unable to access commercial sources of credit, we are consistently
underfunded. As a result, our growth is very limited, and we have difficulty in sustaining our current level of operations. We are not
able to initiate adequate marketing programs, hire additional staff, develop new products or have flexibility in ordering Insultex from
our manufacturer. Additionally, we must replace our quality control testing equipment for our House Wrap product line which we estimate
may cost 100,000.. In the past, we have depended on borrowings from our CEO and other private parties, primarily stockholders in the
private sale of our common stock or debt. Should we not be able to continue to rely on these sources of funding and increase our revenue
stream to at least meet our current level of operations and to purchase new testing equipment the ability of the Company to continue as
a going concern will be adversely affected. 

Competition 

The markets served by the Company are highly competitive.
Competitive pricing pressure could result in loss of customers or decreased profit margins. Competition by product type includes the following: 

The markets for our products are increasingly competitive.
Our competitors have substantially longer operating histories, greater brand name and company name recognition, larger customer bases
and greater financial, operating, and technical resources than us. Because we are financially and operationally smaller than our competitors,
we will encounter difficulties in capturing market share. Our competitors are able to conduct extensive marketing campaigns and create
more attractive pricing of their target markets than we are. 

Some of our biggest competitors for our House Wrap
product line are; 

Dupont 

Kimberly
 Clark. 

Some of our biggest competitors in the Arctic Armor 
line are: 

Ice Clam Corporation 

Vexilar 

Mustang Survival 

Frabill 

Stryker 

We compete in the following ways: 

A. 
 Emphasize the Advantages of our Products. 

Arctic Armor Line 

We emphasize the following characteristics and advantages
of our Arctic Armor line products: 

11 

light weight 

waterproof 

windproof 

sub-zero protection 

buoyancy 

Insultex provides a scent barrier which we had a permeation
test performed on at the Texas Research Institute Austin, Inc. The product was subjected to gas stimulant for an eight-hour period. The
product was tested for permeation of the gas every three minutes for the duration of the test with almost no detection of the gas throughout
the test. The testing was based upon accepted industry practices as well as the test method used. 

HOUSE WRAP 

Our House Wrap product 

Utilize our web site to promote, market, and sell our products to consumers. 

Utilize professional sales representatives, distributors and manufacturer representatives to sell our products to established retailers, contractors and end users. 

Our products have the following disadvantages in comparison
to the products of our competitors: 

Lack of brand name recognition or recognition of the properties of Insultex and its advantages. We, as well as our products, have little brand name recognition compared to our competitors. And we may encounter difficulties in establishing product recognition. Also, although our products have insulation properties, the material down has a widespread and established reputation as being the superior insulation in the market, while the properties and advantages of Insultex has little public recognition. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to
compete in the sale of our products, which could have a negative impact upon our business. 

We do not expect our business to be dependent on one
or a few customers or retailers; however, there is no assurance that we will not become so dependent. 

Cyclicality 

The Company s Arctic Armor apparel sales fluctuate
based on temperature and weather conditions. Our products are suitable primarily for cold weather conditions. This will cause a cyclical
effect on sales. It also makes our revenues totally dependent on cold weather for this product line. For the fiscal year ended October
31, 2022, our cold weather products accounted for approximately 25 of our total revenue. 

Material Acquisition 

The Company has only one supplier of Insultex, the
special material which is manufactured within the apparel of our cold weather products and our House Wrap product. Additionally, we have
one manufacturer that produces the apparel on behalf of the Company, located in Indonesia. Currently, we are only selling apparel from
our inventory. Any delays in getting Insultex will adversely affect our revenue stream. Once we have our own equipment operating, we will
be able to produce Insultex. We intend to use such Insultex for our House Wrap product.at the present time. 

12 

Geographic Concentration 

Most of the Company s sales for its cold weather
clothing products to retailers are concentrated in colder climates of the United States and Canada. To the extent that any regional economic
downturn impacts these regions, the Company will be adversely affected. 

Management 

The Company is dependent on the management of Joseph
Riccelli, our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of Mr. Riccelli s services could have a negative effect on the performance and growth
of the Company for some period of time. 

Penny Stock Considerations 

Our shares are penny stocks as that
term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as equity securities with a price of less than 5.00. Our shares may
be subject to rules that impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers who engage in certain transactions involving
a penny stock. 

Under the penny stock regulations, a broker-dealer
selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor must make a special suitability
determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the sale, unless
the broker-dealer is otherwise exempt. Generally, an individual with a net worth, exclusive of one s residence, in excess of 1,000,000
or annual income exceeding 200,000 individually or 300,000 together with his or her spouse is considered an accredited investor. In
addition, under the penny stock regulations the broker-dealer is required to: 

Deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt; 

Disclose commissions payable to the broker-dealer and its registered representatives and current bid and offer quotations for the securities; 

Send monthly statements disclosing recent price information pertaining to the penny stock held in a customer s account, the account s value and information regarding the limited market in penny stocks; and 

Make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction, prior to conducting any penny stock transaction in the customer s account. 

13 

Because of these regulations, broker-dealers may encounter
difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our stock, which may affect the ability of shareholders or other holders to sell their
shares in the secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market. These additional
sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities if our securities become publicly traded. In addition,
the liquidity for our securities may be adversely affected, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. 

ITEM 1B Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 

We lease warehouse space for our inventory and raw
materials at 124 Cherry Street, Etna, Pennsylvania. We also use this space as our principal executive offices. This facility encompasses
13,000 square feet of storage space on the first floor and 2,000 square feet for our sales department offices located on the second floor.
We have entered into a verbal agreement with the owner of the building and we pay 3,500 per month for the space. This facility is composed
of: (a) warehouse and storage areas including four (4) shipping bays and a distribution area consisting of square footage to store upward
of 250,000 finished goods products; and (b) four (4) offices, one (1) conference room, with presentation area and sample display and (2)
bathrooms totaling approximately 2,000 square feet located on the second floor. Mr. Frank Riccelli is the brother to our Chief Executive
Officer and the owner of the property. The condition of our leased property is good and suitable for our needs. 

ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 
 See Note 13 of the Notes to Financial Statement appearing
 elsewhere in this Report. 

ITEM 4. 
 REMOVED AND RESERVED. 

14 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY; RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our Common Stock is traded on the OTCQB tier under
the symbol IVDN. As of January 30, 2023, we had 249 holders of record of our common stock (not including beneficial holders of stock
held in street names). 

We have one class of stock outstanding. We have no
shares of our preferred stock outstanding. 

Dividends 

We have not declared any cash dividends on our stock
since our inception and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain any future earnings for use
in our business. Any decisions as to future payment of dividends will depend on our earnings and financial position and such other factors
as the Board of Directors deems relevant. 

15 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. 

On October 5, 2022, we issued 125,000 shares of our
Common Stock to a marketing consultant for services. 

Subsequent to the period we sold 500,000 Units to
one investor in a private placement and received 110,000 in proceeds. Each Unit contained one share of Common Stock and one common stock
purchase warrant. The warrant has a term of two years with an exercise price of .45. The common stock also has piggy-back registration
rights for one year. Each Unit cost . 22. 

The Company relied in Section
4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Regulation D, Rule 506 (c) promulgated thereunder. The securities are restricted
securities as that term is defined under the Securities Act and each stock certificate bears a legend restricting their transferability. 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

As a smaller reporting company, under SEC regulations,
we are not required to furnish selected financial data. 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

General 

The following information should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 

Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements made in this report, and other
written or oral statements made by or on behalf of the Company, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the federal securities laws. When used in this report, the words believes, expects, estimates, 
 intends, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Statements regarding future events
and developments and our future performance, as well as our expectations, beliefs, plans, intentions, estimates, or projections relating
to the future, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of these laws. Examples of such statements in this report include descriptions
of our plans and strategies with respect to developing certain market opportunities, and our overall business plan. All forward-looking
statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events to differ materially from those projected we
believe that these forward-looking statements are reasonable; however, you should not place undue reliance on such statements. These statements
are based on current expectations and speak only as of the date of such statements. We undertake no obligations to publicly update or
revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of future events, new information or otherwise. 

16 

Background 

Innovative Designs, Inc. (hereafter referred to as
the Company , we or our produces and sells a house wrap product using Insultex a material with
thermal resistance and buoyancy properties. We also offer a cold weather product line called Artic Armor which also uses
Insultex. We no longer produce any Artic Armor products. We are only selling form our existing inventory. We obtain Insultex through a
license agreement with the owner and manufacturer of the material. In December 2015, we took delivery of equipment capable of producing
our own Insultex. At such time as we have sufficient funding, we intend put the equipment into production and use the Insultex from this
equipment in the production of our House Wrap product and for the sale of Insultex to others. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022,
with the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. 

The following table shows a comparison of the results
of operations between the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021: 

Fiscal Year 

Fiscal Year 

Ended 

Ended 

October 31, 
 
 of 
 
 October 31, 
 
 of 
 
 Increase 

2022 
 
 Sales 
 
 2021 
 
 Sales 
 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Change 

REVENUE 

258,734 

100.00 

225,601 

100.00 

33,133 

15 

OPERATING
EXPENSES 

Cost
of sales 

118,997 

46 

96,728 

43 

22,269 

23 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

666,239 

257 

411,716 

182 

254,523 

62 

785,236 

-303 

508,444 

225 

276,792 

54 

Loss
from operations 

(526,502) 

-203 

(282,843) 

-125 

(243,659) 

86 

OTHER
INCOME/(EXPENSE) 

Other
income 

371,000 

143 

33,652 

15 

337,348 

1002 

Interest
expense 

(42,072) 

-16 

(49,112) 

-22 

7,040 

-14 

Loss
on disposal of equipment 

-0- 

0 

(24,429) 

-11 

(24,429) 

100 

Net
loss 

(197,574) 

-76 

(322,732) 

-143 

125,158 

-39 

Weighted
average common shares outstanding - undiluted 

34,650,560 

32,263,560 

Loss
per common share - undiluted 

(0.01) 

(0.01) 

17 

Results of Operations 

Revenues for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022,
were 258,734 compared to revenues of 225,601 for the comparable period ending October 31, 2021. House Wrap product revenue totaled
 193,302 for the period compared to 169,375 for fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. Nearly all of the remaining revenues were derived
from our Arctic Armor and related product lines which totaled 65,432 for the period compared to revenues of 56,226 for the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2021. Revenues are net of returns and discounts. We continue to work on rebuilding our House Wrap product line brand
after doing no advertising during the time of the FTC litigation, November 2016 to July 2021, and the effect of the litigation on our
House Wrap products acceptance, and the use of Insultex in other applications in the marketplace. 

Selling, general and administrative expense increased
from 411,716 in fiscal year 2021, to 666,239 in the fiscal year ending October 31, 2022. This increase reflects, in part, 53,000 more
for advertising and marketing, a payroll increase of 75,000, a reinstatement fee of 14,000 for listing on the OTCQB and stock base compensation
to our directors of 71,000 and 75,000 in stock based compensation to a marketing consultant. Profession fees decreased during the period
by 17,000 as the FTC litigation wound down. 

Our cost of sales increased from 96,728 as of October 31, 2021, to 118,997
as of October 31, 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, we
funded our operations from revenues, a legal settlement and the private sales of our common stock. During the period, we received 260,000
from a settlement with the FTC for legal fees incurred in connection with the FTC litigation. Subsequent to the period, we receive 110,000
from the sale of our Common Stock. We will continue to fund our operations from revenues, private borrowings and the sale of our common
stock until we are able to produce sales sufficient to cover our cost structure or to secure commercial lending arrangements. 

On July 12, 2015, the Company reached an agreement
with Ketut Jaya to purchase machinery and equipment utilized to produce the INSULTEX material. The purchase price is 700,000 and to be
made in four installments. The first installment of 300,000 is to be made at the execution of the agreement. The second installment of
 200,000 is to be made when the machinery and equipment is ready to be shipped to the United States. The third installment of 100,000
is to be made once the machinery and equipment is producing INSULTEX, and the fourth and final installment of 100,000 is to be made after
the first commercial production run of INSULTEX is completed. As of October 31, 2016, the Company has made payments of 600,000. In addition
to the final payments, the Company will have to have the equipment and machines installed and ensure that the machine can be operated
in compliance with environmental regulations. The Company has not made an estimate of the costs required for bringing the machine into
compliance, but it is considered to be substantial. Given the expected time and cost of bringing the equipment into production mode and
our current financial condition we are unable to estimate when we will be able to do so. 

We also must purchase new quality control testing
equipment for our House Wrap product line which we estimate will cost approximately 100,000. However, we have not as yet received a quote
from the vendor. We have placed a 7,000 deposit with the vendor. Once the equipment is built it will have to go through a certification
process. 

During the period we paid 144,666 on our loans. 

Short Term: We funded our operations with revenues
from sales, private sales of our common stock and from a legal settlement. We could not access commercial lines of credit during our last
fiscal year. 

18 

The Company intends to repay these debt obligations
with funds it generates from revenues, from the possible sale of its securities either debt or equity, from advances from our stockholders
or others. Because we cannot currently access commercial lending facilities, should we not be able to continue to obtain funding from
these sources should our revenues decrease, our operations would be severely affected as we would not be able to fund our purchase orders
to our suppliers for finished goods. The Company continues to pay its creditors when payments are due. 

Long Term: The Company will continue to fund operations
from revenues, borrowings and the possible sale of its securities. Should we not be able to continue to rely on these sources our operations
would be severely affected as we would not be able to fund our purchase orders to our suppliers for finished goods. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As a smaller reporting company under SEC Regulation,
we are not required to provide this information. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

19 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 F-2 

Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the 

 Board of Directors of Innovative Designs, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying
balance sheets of Innovative Designs, Inc. (the Company) as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders equity and cash flows, for each of the years in the two year period ended October 31, 2022, and the related notes
(collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended October 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt About the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that that Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company had net losses and negative cash flows from operations for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 and an accumulated deficit
at October 31, 2022 and 2021. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for
one year from the issuance date of these financial statements. Management s plans are described in Note 2. The financial statements
do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

400
 Old Forge Lane 
 Phone:
 610-713-8208 
 
 Suite 401 
 Fax:
 610-807-0370 
 
 Kennett Square,
 PA 19348-1914 
 www.rwgroupllc.com 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters communicated
below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue Recognition 

 Critical Audit Matter Description 

 The Company s recognition of
revenue involves the evaluation against five criteria described by generally accepted accounting principles. With regards to the Company s
transaction classes the primary criteria is the satisfaction of their performance obligations. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

 Our procedures related to the Company meeting their performance
obligations included evaluation of initial sale transaction documentation, shipping records, and invoices. 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 

February 13, 2023 

F- 3 

INNOVATIVE
 DESIGNS, INC. 
 
 BALANCE
 SHEETS 
 
 OCTOBER
 31, 2022 AND 2021 

October
31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT
ASSETS 

Cash
and cash equivalents 

Accounts
receivable - net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 

Inventory
- net of obsolete inventory reserve of 

Current
portion of right of use asset 

Total
current assets 

PROPERTY
AND EQUIPMENT - NET 

OTHER
ASSETS 

Inventory
on consignment 

Advance
to employees 

Deposits
on inventory 

Deposits
on equipment 

Total
other assets 

TOTAL
ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT
LIABILITIES 

Accounts
payable 

Current
portion of notes payable 

Current
portion of lease liability 

Accrued
interest expense 

Due
to stockholders 

Accrued
expenses 

Total
current liabilities 

LONG-TERM
LIABILITIES 

Long-term
portion of due to stockholders 

Long-term
portion of notes payable 

Total
long-term liabilities 

TOTAL
LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY 

Preferred
stock, par value, shares authorized 

Common
stock, par value, shares authorized, and and issued and outstanding 

Additional
paid-in capital 

Accumulated
deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total
stockholders' equity 

TOTAL
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

INNOVATIVE
 DESIGNS, INC. 
 
 STATEMENTS
 OF OPERATIONS 
 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 
 2021 

REVENUES
- NET 

OPERATING
EXPENSES: 

Cost
of sales 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses 

Total
Operating Expenses 

LOSS
FROM OPERATIONS 

() 

() 

OTHER
INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Other
income 

Loss
on disposal of equipment 

() 
 
 Interest
expense 

() 

() 
 
 Total
other income (expense) 

() 

NET
LOSS 

() 

() 

PER
SHARE INFORMATION - UNDILUTED 

Net
Loss Per Common Share 

() 

() 

Weighted
Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding 

PER
SHARE INFORMATION - FULLY DILUTED 

Net
Loss Per Common Share 

() 

() 

Weighted
Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

INNOVATIVE
 DESIGNS, INC. 
 
 STATEMENTS
 OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 To
 be Issued 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance
 at October 31, 2020 

Shares
 issued for services 

Sale
 of stock 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at October 31, 2021 

Shares
 issued for services 

Sale
 of stock 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at October 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

INNOVATIVE
 DESIGNS, INC. 
 
 STATEMENTS
 OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 CASH
FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net
loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments
to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Loss
on disposal of equipment 

Write
off of accounts payable 

() 

Common
stock issued for services 

Depreciation 

Amortization
of right of use asset 

(Increase)
decrease from changes in: 

Accounts
receivable 

() 

Inventory 

Deposits
on inventory 

() 

Increase
(decrease) from changes in: 

Accounts
payable and accrued expenses 

() 
 
 Accrued
interest expense 

Net
cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

CASH
FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Increase
in advances to employees 

() 

Increase
in deposts on equipment 

() 

Net
cash used in investing activities 

() 

CASH
FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds
from sale of stock 

Proceeds
from stockholder loans 

Forgivness
from loans 

() 
 
 Payments
on stockholder loans 

() 

() 
 
 Payments
on lease liability 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds
on notes payable 

Payments
on notes payable 

() 

() 
 
 Net
cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Net
(decrease) increase in cash 

() 

CASH,
BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH,
END OF THE PERIOD 

Supplemental
disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash
paid for interest 

Non-cash
financing activities - forgivness of debt 

Non-cash
investment activities - common stock issue for services 

Cash
paid for taxes 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

INNOVATIVE
DESIGNS, INC. 

NOTES
TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 

for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021. 

were not longer payable. Therefore, the Company during fiscal year 2022 have recorded it as income. In
addition, the Company received for costs recovered for defending a lawsuit. Total other income is and in 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

was recorded as of October 31, 2022 and 2021. The reserve is evaluated on a quarterly basis and adjusted accordingly. 

and on inventory as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and to be made in four installments. 
As of October 31, 2018, the Company has made payments of in accordance with the agreement and made a pre-payment as
the machine is not yet producing INSULTEX. During 2019, the Company determined the shipping costs of were impaired and these
costs were written down. 

During
2022, the company has made a separate deposit on a different piece of equipment of . 

Total
deposits on Equipment as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 were and . 

in coverage.
The balances in these accounts may, at times, exceed the federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses on the
deposits and management believes the Company is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to these accounts. The Company had
uninsured cash balances as of October 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and and a negative cash
flow from operations of and for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company has
an accumulated deficit of . These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements. Managements plans include continued sales, sales of
Company stock, and borrowings from private parties. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and
classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

Containers 

Automobile 

Less
 accumulated depreciation 

Property
 and equipment net 

Depreciation expense for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

- Roberta
 Riccelli, February 2012. 

Due
 June 17, 2012; interest is 10 for days. . 

Note
 Payable - Corinthian Development, 

January
 15, 2013. Due ; payable on demand; interest is 10 ; . 

Note
 Payable - Joseph Riccelli, Sr., September 2019. 

. 
 - - 

Note
 Payable - Joseph Riccelli, Sr., December 2019. 

Interest
 is 10 for days; . 

Note
 Payable 
 Antonio Costa, May 2021. Maturity date 

May
 2022. Interest is 8 per year. Convertible into one common shares for every .50 of outstanding principal and interest. 
 - - 

Note
 Payable Lawrence Fraser, December 2020 

Interest
 is 12 per year. 66,666 is due annually until maturity at December 2023. Secured by one of the Company s patents. 

Note
 Payable - Riccelli Properties, August 7, 2017. 

Due
 February 7, 2018; interest is 10 . 

Total
 Due to Stockholders 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Note
Payable - U.S. Small Business Administration. 

Due
July 2035; payable in monthly installments of 1,820 including interest at 2.9 annum. 

Total
Borrowings 

Less
Due to Stockholders Current 

Less
Current Portion of Notes Payable 

Total
Long Term Portion of Notes Payable 

Maturities
of long-term debt are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2025 

2026 

Total 

DUE
TO STOCKHOLDERS 

In
February 2012, the Company entered into a note payable with Roberta Riccelli for . This loan was to be used to fund operations
of the Company. This loan is due on demand, including interest at for days. This note was extended through a verbal agreement.
The loan balance as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 

In
January 2013, the Company entered into a note payable with Corinthian Development for . This loan was to be used to fund operations
of the Company. This loan is due on demand, including interest at with an original repayment date of May 2013. This note was extended
through a verbal agreement. The loan balance at October 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 

During
August 2017, the Company entered into a note payable agreement with Riccelli Properties, which is wholly owned and operated by the Company s
CEO, Joseph Riccelli, in the amount of . This amount reflects payments made by Riccelli Properties on the Small Business Association
promissory note. Riccelli Properties sold the real estate that was collateral on the promissory note. The note has a term of 6 months
and an interest rate of . The loan balance at October 31, 2022 and 2021 was 12,464 and 17,964, respectively. 

In
August 2019, the Company entered into a note payable with its CEO, Joseph Riccelli, for . This loan was to be used to fund operations
of the Company. This loan has no set maturity date. The loan balance at October 31, 2022 and 2021 was - - and , respectively. 

In
December 2019, the Company entered into a note payable with its CEO, Joseph Riccelli, for . This loan was to be used to fund operations
of the Company. This loan is due on demand, including interest at 10 with an original repayment date of November 2013. This note was
extended through a verbal agreement. The loan balance at October 31, 2022 and 2021 and , respectively. 

In
December 2020, the Company entered into a note payable agreement with Lawrence Fraser for . This loan is secured by one of Company s
patent. The term of the loan is three years and with an interest rate of per annum. The loan is to be repaid in yearly installments
payable in December annually until maturity December 2023. The loan balance at October 31, 2022 and 2021 and , respectively. 

In
May 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Antonio Costa for . The term of the note is one year with an interest
rate of per year. The principal of the loan and any accrued but unpaid interest may be converted into shares of the Company s
common stock. The conversion rate is one share of Company s common stock for every of principal and unpaid interest. The loan
balance at October 31, 2022 and 2021 - - and , respectively. 

NOTES
PAYABLE 

In
July 2005, the Company was approved for a low interest promissory note from the U.S. Small Business Administration in the amount of .
In January 2006 the Company amended the promissory note with the Small Business Administration increasing the principal balance to .
The note bears an annual interest rate of and matures on July 13, 2035. Monthly payments, including principal and interest, of 
are due . A payment was made on the note of during the year ended October 31, 2017 due to the sale of real estate by Riccelli
Properties that was collateral on the promissory note. The loan balance was and at October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
This note is guaranteed by the Company s CEO. 

. At the behest
of the Board of Directors, the INSULTEX trademark was chosen as the mark to identify the product utilized by Innovative since its inception
and was originally registered by Joseph Riccelli on February 17, 2005. The new trademark, intended to avoid confusion arising from the
use of the old Eliotex trademark in association with a new, subsequent, different and separately-patented product, was assigned by Mr.
Riccelli to the Company on April 25, 2006, with that assignment to become effective upon final approval of the Statement of Use by the
United States Patent and Trademark Office. The License was awarded by the Korean inventor, an individual who is part of the Ketut Group,
and the manufacturer of INSULTEX . The Company received an exclusive forty year worldwide license, except for Korea and Japan,
with an initial term of ten years and . The first
ten-year option was exercised. Additionally, the Company was granted the exclusive rights to any current or future inventions, improvements,
discoveries, patent applications and letters of patent which the Ketut Group controls or may control related to INSULTEX . Furthermore,
the Company has the right to grant sub-licenses to other manufacturers for the use of INSULTEX or any INSULTEX Technology. 

 and of the Company s revenues for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

The
Company only has one supplier of INSULTEX, the special material which is manufactured for the Company. Additionally, the Company only
has one manufacturer that produces house wrap on behalf of the Company in Massachusetts. 

for tax purposes. The carryforwards
are available to offset taxable income of future periods and begin to expire after the Company s 2037 tax year, fiscal year end
 . Effective for tax years ending in 2019 or later, net operating losses cannot be carried back but can be carried forward
to future tax years indefinitely. Realization of the deferred tax benefit related to the carryforward is dependent upon the Company generating
sufficient taxable income in the future, against which the loss can be offset, which is not guaranteed. 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as well as tax benefits of net operating loss carryforwards. The significant components
of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to the following: 

Depreciation 

Net
deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Less:
Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net
deferred tax assets 

For
financial reporting purposes, the Company has incurred losses in previous years. Based on the available objective evidence, including
the Company s previous losses, management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will not be fully
realizable. Accordingly, the Company provided for a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets as of October 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

The
effective income tax rate varied from the statutory Federal tax rate as follows: 

Effect
of net operating losses 

() 

() 

Effective
income tax rate 

The
Company s effective tax rate is lower than what would be expected if the federal statutory rate were applied to income (loss) before
taxes, primarily due to net operating loss carryforwards. 

per month. . For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and
2021 rent expense totaled and , respectively. 

 segments as discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements. We rely on an internal
management reporting process that provides segment information for purposes of making financial decisions and allocating
resources. 

The
following tables present our business segment information for the fiscal years ending October 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Housewrap 

Total
Revenues 

Capital
Expenditures: 

Apparel 

Housewrap 

Total 

Depreciation: 

Apparel 

- - 

Housewrap 

Total 

shares of common stock to thirty-five investors for total proceeds
of . The stock was issued at per share. The Company issued shares of common stock to twelve individuals for services
valued at . The stock was issued between and per share. We believe that Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, was available because these transactions did not involve a public offering and there was no general solicitation or general
advertising involved in these transactions. We placed legends on the stock certificates stating that the securities were not registered
under the Securities Act and set for the restrictions on their transferability and sale. 

During
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, the Company sold shares of common stock to seven investors for total proceeds of .
The stock was issued between and per share. The Company issued shares of common stock to eight individuals for services
valued at . The stock was issued between and per share. We believe that Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, was available because these transactions did not involve a public offering and there was no general solicitation or general
advertising involved in these transactions. We placed legends on the stock certificates stating that the securities were not registered
under the Securities Act and set for the restrictions on their transferability and sale. 

In
November 2021, in connection with the FTC litigation, the Company filed an application for attorney fees, expenses and cost in the U.S.
District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Case No.2:16-cv-01669-NBF. On June 29, 2022, a settlement order was signed by
the Court. Pursuant to the Order, the FTC paid the Company to resolve all such claims. The parties agreed to waive all rights
to appeal or otherwise challenge or contest the validity of the Order. 

Amortization
of right of use asset 

() 

Total
right of use asset as of October 31, 2022 

- - 

Less
current portion due within one year 

- - 

Long-term
right of use asset 

- - 

Total
amortization expense related to the right of use assets under the verbal lease agreement was and for the years ended
October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Principal
 payments made as of the year ended October 31, 2022 

Total
 right of use lease liabilities as of October 31, 2022 
 - - 

shares of common stock for in November 2022. 

F- 20 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE. 

Previously reported. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Management of Innovative Designs, Inc. is responsible
for maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports
that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms.
In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures must ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s
management, including its Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
financial and other required disclosures. 

At the end of the period covered by this report, an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer/Chief Financial Officer. Based on his evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures and in connection with the audit of
our financial statement, he concluded that during the period covered by this report, such disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective. This conclusion is based on the identification of the deficiency in internal controls over financial reporting described below.
Notwithstanding the deficiency that existed as of October 31, 2021, our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer has concluded
that the financial statements included in this Annual report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position,
results of operations and cash flows of the Company in conformity with accounting generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Our Chief Executive Officer is also our Chief Financial
Officer. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Our internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our
transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements;
(iii) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization;
and (iv) provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect
on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

20 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because changes in conditions may occur or the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021. This evaluation was based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based upon such assessment, our Chief Executive
Officer/Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of October 31, 2021.
In particular, our controls over financial reporting were not effective in the specific areas described in the paragraphs below. 

As of October 31, 2021, our Chief Executive Officer/Chief
Financial Officer identified the following specific material weaknesses in the Company s internal controls over its financial reporting
processes: 

The
 Company is not maintaining supporting schedules, or the schedules being maintained are inaccurate
 to support amounts presented and disclosed in the financial statements. Specific schedules
 in relation to inventory deposits, inventory reserves, fixed assets, debt balance (and related
 accrued interest) were not available, or in the case of debt schedules were not accurate
 and in accordance with the loan documents 

The
 Company s internal controls policies are ineffective, or not being complied with, to
 identify errors, in the financial statements. These deficiencies may be considered as material
 weaknesses . 

In
 addition, the Company does not utilize an internal accounting system that captures all Company
 activity on a timely basis. Certain transactions, such as sales and receivables are maintained
 in one system and disbursements and accounts payable are maintained manually. On a quarterly
 basis this information is sent to an external accountant to retroactively enter the information
 into a general ledger system and then prepare the financial statements. The lack of a single
 accounting system presents multiple opportunities for errors to occur, and further contributes
 to a lack of timely internal and external financial reporting. 

This was due to our limited resources,
including the absence of an internal financial staff member with accounting and financial expertise and deficiencies in the design or
operation of our internal control over financial reporting that adversely affected our disclosure controls. 

Management plans to address these matters
by among actions, meeting more with its external accountant to ensure that issues such as described above are correct going forward. The
Company will also restructure its loan recording system to be able to present a more informative report to its external account. Management
will also reevaluate its accounting software and will make a determination as to whether to continue to use it or implement another type
of program. Either decision will allow all information to be entered into one system which should alleviate the significant deficiency
described above. 

However, the material weakness will not be considered
remediated until the applicable remedial controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing,
that these controls are operating effectively. 

There have been no significant changes in our internal
control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, and 2021, or subsequent to October 31, 2022, that has
materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, except as discussed above. 

21 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our executive officers are elected annually by our
board of directors. A majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies on the board. Each director shall
be elected for the term of one (1) year and until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal.
The directors named below will serve until the next annual meeting of our shareholders or until a successor is elected and has accepted
the position. 

Our directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Term 

Joseph
Riccelli 
 
 72 
 
 Chief Eecutive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, 
 Chairman 
 
 1
year 

Constantine Dean 
P. Kolocouris 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 1 year 

Daniel P. Rains 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 1 year 

Donald V. Garlotta, PhD. 62 Director 1 year 

Robert K. Adams 66 Director 1 year 

Mr. Riccelli has been our Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board since our inception in June 2002. Mr. Riccelli was the owner of Pittsburgh Foreign and Domestic, a sole proprietor
car dealership located in Glenshaw, Pennsylvania. He attended Point Park College located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1971 to 1972. 

Mr. Kolocouris has been one of our directors since
our inception in June 2002. From December 1996 to December, Mr. Kolocouris was a Loan Officer and Assistant Vice President at Eastern
Savings Bank located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Since that time, he has been in private lending. In June 1993, Mr. Kolocouris received
a bachelor s degree in Finance from Duquesne University located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Mr. Kolcouris was in banking for over
fifteen years and his knowledge of finance and business experience is helpful to the Company. 

Mr. Rains has been a director since March 2007. Mr.
Rains is currently Vice President of business development at McCarl s, Inc., a mechanical contracting firm. He has held this position
for over fifteen years. From 1981 through 1987, Mr. Rains was a professional football player for the Chicago Bears. He is a graduate of
the University of Cincinnati. Mr. Rains has been in professional sports and in business for over twenty years. His experience and knowledge
of these fields are helpful to the Company. As the Company enters the building construction market with its House Wrap product, Mr. Rains 
experience in that industry will be especially helpful. 

Dr. Garlotta has been a director since February 2022. He is currently the
Technical Director at Airex Rubber Products Corporation as well as a technical advisor for the Company. Prior to his role at Airex Rubber
Products Corporation, he worked at Lowe s Home Improvement. He earned a Ph.D. in Polymer Science / Plastics Engineering from the
University of Massachusetts at Lowell. He also holds a Master of Science Degree in Polymer Science from the University of Massachusetts
at Lowell and a Baccalaureate Degree in Polymer Science from the Pennsylvania State University. 

Dr. Garlotta is an author or co-author of several peer-reviewed publications
and patents related to biopolymers. He also has experience developing elastomers, water-soluble polymers, syntactic polymer foams and
hands-on experience with extrusion and injection molding of plastics. 

Mr. Adams has been a director since November 2022. He has worked for the
Department of Defense for over thirty years. He graduated from Texas A I University with a degree in Electrical Engineering. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports. 

Mr. Adams filed one report late. Mr. Kolocouris filed
one report late. 

22 

Audit Committee 

We do not have a separate standing Audit Committee.
Therefore, our entire Board of Directors acts as the Audit Committee. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Kolocouris is its
financial expert. Mr. Kolocouris is a former loan officer for a bank and has a degree in Finance. 

Nominating and Compensation Committees 

We do not have either a nominating committee or a
compensation committee. The basis for the Board of Directors to not have a nominating committee is the fact that our principal stockholder
who is also our CEO and Chairman of the Board controls approximately thirty-four percent of the voting stock. And the Company has never
held an Annual Meeting of stockholders. New board members are recommended to the Board by the Chairman of the Board. 

Board of Directors Meetings 

During the last full fiscal year, there were no meetings
of the Board of Directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not, as yet adopted a code of ethics. We have
only one full time executive officer/ chief financial officer who also acts as our principal accounting officer. To date, our operations
have been so minimal and our staff so small that we have not considered a formal standard relating to the conduct of our personnel. 

23 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The following Executive Compensation Chart highlights
the terms of compensation for our Executives. 

Summary Compensation
Table 

Name
and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 
 
 Bonus ) 
 
 Stock 
Awards ) 
 
 Option 
Awards ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 
 Nonqualified 
Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 
 All
Other Compensation ) 
 
 Total ) 

Joseph Riccelli 
 CEO, Chairman 

2022 

67,700 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

67,700 

Joseph Riccelli 
 CEO, Chairman 

2021 

67,000 

0 

30,000 

0 

0 

0 

0 

97,700 

There are no employment agreements between us and
our executive officer Joseph Riccelli. There are no change of control arrangements, either by means of a compensatory plan, agreement,
or otherwise, involving our current or former executive officers. There are no automobile lease agreements or key man life insurance policies
that are to the benefit of our executive officers, in which we would make such payments. There are no standard or other arrangements in
which our directors are compensated for any services as a director, including any additional amounts payable for committee participation
or special assignments. There are no other arrangements in which any of our directors were compensated during our last fiscal year for
any service provided as a director. 

Other than Mr. Riccelli, who is our CEO, and Dr. Garlotta
who serves as a consultant to the Company we consider the remaining Directors to be independent. 

Director
 Compensation 

Name 
 Fees
 Paid or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock 
 Awards ) 
 Option 
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total 
 ) 

Constantine
 Dean P. Kolocouris 
 0 
 3,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 3,000 

Daniel
 P. Rains Rains 
 0 
 3,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 3,000 

Joseph
 Riccelli Riccelli 
 0 
 30,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 30,000 

24 

Securities Authorized
for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan
 Category 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warranties and rights 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of outstanding options, warranties and rights 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding those reflected
 in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 
 0 
 0.90 (1) 
 400,000 

(1) 
 Weighted average price was based on market value of the shares on or about the date the service was performed. Market value of the price per share ranged from 1.90 to 0.76 per share over the period of time in which the various services were performed. 

(2) 
 All stock that has been issued by the Company out of the equity compensation plan was for the exchange of professional services. were sold for cash. 

Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

Not Applicable 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth the ownership as of
February 9, 2022 (a) by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of our outstanding common stock,
and/or (b) by each of our directors, by all executive officers and our directors and executive officers as a group. 

25 

To the best of our knowledge, all persons named have
sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares, except as otherwise noted. There are not any pending or anticipated arrangements
that may cause a change in our control. 

Security Ownership of Management 

Title of Class 
 
 Name and Address 

Amount 
 
 Nature 
 
 Percent 

Common Stock 
 
 Joseph Riccelli 

7,655,000 
 
 Direct 
 
 22.3 
 9 

Chief Executive Officer 

Chairman 
 (1) 

421,478 
 
 Indirect 

Common Stock 
 
 Constantine Dean P. Kolocouris 

117,000 
 
 Direct 

Director 

Common Stock 
 
 Daniel P. Rains 

160,000 
 
 Direct 

Director 

Common Stock 
 
 Donald V. Garlotta 

70,000 
 
 Direct 

Director 

Common Stock 
 
 Robert K. Adams 

343,000 
 
 Direct 

Director 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 

8,766,478 

24,8 

Represents less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Represents shares of common stock held in the Gino A. Riccelli Trust. The Trust is for a son of our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Joseph Riccelli is the trustee of the trust. 

By virtue of his stock ownership or control over our
stock, Mr. Riccelli may be deemed to control the Company. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS. 

Our officers and directors may encounter conflicts
of interests between our business objectives and their own interests. We have not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts.
Future transactions or arrangements between or among our officers, directors and shareholders, and businesses they control, may result
in conflicts of interest, and the conflicts may be resolved in favor of businesses that our officers or directors are affiliated, which
may have an adverse effect on our revenues. 

26 

Our officers and directors have the following conflicts
of interests: 

We lease our warehouse
 and office space from the brother of our Chief Executive Officer. We pay 3,500 per month for a total of 42,000 per year. 

Independence of Board Members 

The Company has adopted the NASDAQ Listing Rules;
Rule 5605 and 5605 (a) (20, for determining the independence of its directors. Directors are deemed independent only if the Board affirmatively
determines that the director has no material relationship with the Company directly or as an officer, share owner or partner of an entity
that has a relationship with the Company or any other relationship which, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021
for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial
statements included in our Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: During 2022 Isdaner Co. billed the company 7,125 for professional
services, (b) , our current auditors, RW Group, LLC billed the Company 14,248 for professional services. 

Audit Related Fees 

 None. 

Tax Fees 

 None. 

All Other Fees 

 None. 

27 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Exhibit Number 
 Description 

3.1 
 Revised Certificate of Incorporation 

3.2 
 Bylaws 

4 
 Specimen Stock Certificate 

10.1 
 Exclusive License and Manufacturing Agreement by and between Ko-Myung Kim, Ketut Jaya and Innovative Designs, Inc. [Confidential Treatment Requested] 

10.2 
 Authorization dated April 1, 2008 by and between Jordan Outdoor Enterprises, Ltd and Innovative Designs, Inc. 

10.3 
 License Agreement effective May 30, 2005 by and between Haas outdoors, Inc. and Innovative Designs, Inc. 

10.4 
 Loan Authorization Agreement, dated July 12, 2005 between the U. S. Small Business Administration and Innovative Designs, Inc. 

10.6 
 Motor Vehicle Installment Sale Contract dated September 26, 2005. 

10.7 
 Machinery Purchase Agreement 

23.1 
 Consent of RW Group, LLC (filed herewith) 

31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99 
 Test Results from Vartest Lab. 

100 
 Test Results from Texas Research
Institute Austin, Inc. 

101 
 Interactive data files pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Statement of Operations for the years ended October 31, 2020 and 2019, (ii) the Balance Sheets
at October 31, 2020 and 2019, (iii) the Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended October 31, 2020 and 2019 and (iv) the notes to
the Financial Statements. 

Previously filed as exhibits to Registration Statement on Form
SB-2 filed on March 11, 2003 

Previously filed as exhibit
to Form 10-KSB filed on February 8, 2008 

Previously filed as exhibits
to Form 10-K/A filed November 23, 2009 

Previously filed as exhibit
to Form 10-K filed February 12, 2015 

Previously filed as exhibit
to Form 10-K filed January 28, 2016 

28 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

INNOVATIVE
DESIGNS, INC. 

(Registrant) 

Date: February 13, 20223 
 by: 
 /s/
Joseph Riccelli 

Joseph Riccelli 

Chief Executive Officer 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below
by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: 
 February 13, 2023 
 by: 
 /s/
Joseph Riccelli 

Joseph Riccelli 

Chief Executive Officer, 

Chief Financial Officer, Principal 

Accounting Officer, and Chairman 

of the Board of Directors 

Date: 
 February 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
Constantine Dean P. Kolocouris 

Constantine Dean P. Kolocouris 

Director 

Date: 
 February 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
Daniel P. Rains 

Daniel P. Rains 

Director 

Date: 
 February 13, 2023 
 By; 
 /s/ Donald V. Garlotta 

Donald V. Garlotta Director 

Date: 
 February 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert K. Adams 

Robert K. Adams Director 

29 

<EX-23.1>
 3
 e4409_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statement on Form S-8 (2003 Stock Grant Plan) of Innovative Designs, Inc. of our report dated February 13, 2023, which includes an explanatory
paragraph as to Innovative Designs, Inc s ability to continue as a going concern, relating to the financial statements, which is
incorporated by reference to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

RW
Group, LLC 

Kennett
Square, PA 

 February
13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 e4409_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

INNOVATIVE DESIGNS, INC. 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Joseph Riccelli, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Innovative
Designs, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and
 procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over
 financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the
 registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report my conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change
 in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material
 weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material,
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting. 

Date: February 13, 2023 
 by: 
 /s/ Joseph
 Riccelli 

Joseph Riccelli 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 e4409_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

INNOVATIVE DESIGNS, INC. 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Joseph Riccelli, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Innovative
Designs, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and
 procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over
 financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the
 registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report my conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change
 in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material
 weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material,
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting. 

Date: February 13, 2023 
 by: 
 /s/ Joseph
 Riccelli 

Joseph Riccelli 

Chief
Financial Officer, Principal 
Accounting Officer and Director 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 e4409_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 

CERTIFICATION REQUIRED BY 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the 2022 annual
report of Innovative Designs, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended October 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully
 complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company. 

Date: February 13, 2023 
 by: 
 /s/ Joseph Riccelli 

Joseph Riccelli 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 e4409_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 

CERTIFICATION REQUIRED BY 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the 2022 annual
report of Innovative Designs, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended October 31, 2021, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully
 complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company. 

Date: February 13, 2023 
 by: 
 /s/ Joseph
 Riccelli 

Joseph Riccelli 

Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Director 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ivdn-20221031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ivdn-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ivdn-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ivdn-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

