<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1796209_0000950170-23-005456.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31643110</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>441673</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3210000</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15922736</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3926251</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7326991</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005456.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301143947
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005456
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		142
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			APi Group Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001796209
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION SPECIAL TRADE CONTRACTORS [1700]
		IRS NUMBER:				981510303
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39275
		FILM NUMBER:		23692715

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O API GROUP, INC.
		STREET 2:		1100 OLD HIGHWAY 8 NW
		CITY:			NEW BRIGHTON
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		651-636-4320

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O API GROUP, INC.
		STREET 2:		1100 OLD HIGHWAY 8 NW
		CITY:			NEW BRIGHTON
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005456.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 apg-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

c/o APi Group, Inc. , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on The New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, was billion. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 22, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

i 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 11 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 29 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 29 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 29 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 29 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 30 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 31 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 32 

Item 7A. 
 Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 47 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 49 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 99 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 99 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 101 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 101 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 102 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 102 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 102 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 102 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 102 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 103 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 107 

ii 

PART I 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report ), the terms we, us, our, the Company , and APG refer to APi Group Corporation, a Delaware corporation headquartered in New Brighton, Minnesota, and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the Subsidiaries ). Dollars are presented in millions except per share amounts or where otherwise stated. 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements . These forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions as of the date such statements are made and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms including expect , anticipate , project , will , should , believe , intend , plan , estimate , potential , target , would , and similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying terms. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management and include, among others, statements regarding, as of the date such statements are made: 
 our beliefs and expectations regarding our business strategies and competitive strengths; 

our beliefs regarding procurement challenges and the nature of our contractual arrangements and renewal rates and their impact on our future financial results; 

our beliefs regarding our acquisition platform and ability to execute on and successfully integrate strategic acquisitions; 

our beliefs regarding the future demand for our services, the seasonal and cyclical volatility of our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows; 

our beliefs regarding the recurring and repeat nature of our business, customers, and revenues, and its impact on our cash flows and organic growth opportunities and our belief that it helps mitigate the impact of economic downturns; 

our intent to continue to grow our business, both organically and through acquisitions, and our beliefs regarding the impact of our business strategies on our growth; 

our beliefs regarding our customer relationships and plans to grow existing business and expand service offerings; 

our beliefs regarding our ability to pass along commodity price increases to our customers; 

our expectations regarding the cost of compliance with laws and regulations; 

our expectations regarding labor matters; 

our beliefs regarding market risk, including our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, and our ability to mitigate that risk; 

our expectations and beliefs regarding accounting and tax matters; 

our beliefs regarding the effectiveness of the steps taken to remediate previously reported material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the timing of remediation; 

our expectations regarding future capital expenditures; 

our expectations regarding future expenses in connection with our multi-year restructuring program, including those related to workforce reductions; 

our expectations regarding future pension contributions; 

1 

our expectations regarding the acquisition (the Chubb Acquisition of the Chubb fire and security business (the Chubb business or Chubb ), including the operational challenges and the expected benefits of the acquisition and future growth, expansion, cross-selling, and other value creation opportunities; 

our belief regarding the impact of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine on our business, customers, suppliers, and vendors; and 

our beliefs regarding the sufficiency of our current sources of liquidity to fund our future liquidity requirements, our expectations regarding the types of future liquidity requirements and our expectations regarding the availability of future sources of liquidity. 

These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Risk Factors and in Risk Factor Summary below. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report may not occur, and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 The factors identified below are believed to be important factors, but not necessarily all of the important factors, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us. Other factors not discussed herein could also have a material adverse effect on us. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. We assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future, except as required by applicable law. 
 RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 Below is a summary of the principal factors that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Annual Report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 We have expanded our international operations which subjects us to economic, political, and other risks. 

Our decentralized business model subjects us to various risks which may impact our ability to execute on our business strategies and integrated policies and processes. 

Our participation in joint ventures presents certain risks, including risks of harm to our reputation for failures of our joint venture partners. 

Improperly managed projects or project delays may result in additional costs on claims against us. 

As part of our business strategy, we rely on our ability to successfully acquire other businesses, and integrate acquired businesses into our operations, and our inability to do so could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We may not realize the expected benefits of the Chubb Acquisition because of integration and transition difficulties. 

Adverse developments in the credit markets could adversely affect funding of significant projects in our industries and our ability to secure financing, take advantage of acquisition opportunities, or achieve our growth objectives. 

A significant portion of our revenue is recognized over time based on estimates of contract revenue, costs, and profitability, and our reliance on such projections carries risk of a reduction or reversal of previously recorded revenue or profits. 

We have a significant amount of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets that are subject to impairment in the future under certain circumstances. 

Any shortfalls in our remediation of the material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, or in our implementation and maintenance of effective controls, creates certain risks. 

2 

Our substantial level of indebtedness, and the associated compliance obligations contained in the financial maintenance covenants in our credit facilities and restrictions on our operations set forth in the Credit Agreement (as later defined), increases the potential negative impact of interest rate increases and creates risks to our cash flow, and operating flexibility. 

We are effectively self-insured against many potential liabilities, which makes estimating our future expenses for claims difficult and which increases the financial risks associated with the realization of such potential liabilities. 

A portion of our contracts allocate the risks of price increases, or reductions in the supply, of the materials we use in our business to us. 

Our contracts portfolio also contains many highly-regulated government contracts and guaranties of subsidiary contracts, which present elevated risks in the event of contract breach. 

Our contracts portfolio is primarily comprised of contracts with durations of less than six months, many of which are subject to reduction or cancellation, which present risks that turn on our ability to maintain a stable pipeline of projects. 

A large portion of our workforce is covered by collective bargaining agreements, works council arrangements and benefit pension plans, which limits our discretion in the management of covered employees, carries a risk of strikes or other concerted activities that may impair our operations, subjects us to potential works council claims and litigation and imposes obligations to fund certain pension plans. 

We are vulnerable to the economic conditions affecting the industries we serve, including the construction industry and the energy sector, which present risks of a decline in demand for our services or in the financial condition of our customers and their ability and willingness to invest in infrastructure projects. 

We often perform our services under dangerous and challenging conditions, which presents substantial risks of injury and associated liability. 

In our business we face regular litigation across a broad range of claims, including costs related to damages we may be assessed relating to our contractual obligations or as a result of product liability claims against our customers. 

We are governed by many health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, which presents significant risks associated with compliance deficiencies. 

Certain of the markets we serve are seasonal, and our projects can be negatively impacted by poor or extreme weather. 

We maintain confidential data and information which exposes us to risks associated with cybersecurity incidents and compliance with data privacy and security laws, identity protection and information security. 

We face risks associated with, deterioration in our performance of services, increases in healthcare costs, significant employee misconduct, and adverse regulatory changes, all of which may negatively impact our operations and financial results. 

Our success ultimately depends on our ability to compete successfully in the industries and markets we serve which may be jeopardized by the loss of key senior management personnel or a shortage of highly skilled personnel. 

ITEM 1. B USINESS 
 Our Business 
 We are a global, market-leading business services provider of safety and specialty services in over 500 locations worldwide. We provide statutorily mandated and other contracted services to a strong base of long-standing customers across industries. We have a winning leadership culture driven by entrepreneurial business leaders that deliver innovative solutions to our customers. 
 3 

We believe that our core strategies of driving organic growth and growth through accretive acquisitions, promoting sharing of best practices across all of our businesses, and leveraging our scale and services offerings place us in the position to capitalize on opportunities and trends in the industries we serve, grow our businesses and advance our position in each of our markets. We believe that our revenue diversification across customers, end markets, geographies and projects, combined with our go-to-market strategy of selling inspection work first, regional approach to operating our businesses, specialty operations in niche markets, strong commitment to leadership development, long-standing customers with a robust reputation in the industries we serve, and strong safety track record differentiates us from our competitors. 
 We have a disciplined acquisition platform which has historically provided strategic acquisitions that are integrated into our operations. Since 2005, we have completed more than 90 acquisitions. We target companies that align with our strategic priorities and demonstrate key value drivers such as culture, geography, end markets and client base, capabilities, and leadership. Our priorities are unified around maintaining business continuity while identifying and implementing operational efficiencies, cost synergies, and integration of organizational processes to drive margin expansion. 
 We employ a regional operating model designed to improve speed and responsiveness to our customers across our businesses, empower leadership of our businesses to drive business performance and execute key decisions, and foster cross-functional sharing of best practices. This structure promotes a business-owner mindset among our individual business leaders and combines the personal attention of a small-to-medium sized company with the strength and support of an industry leader. It also allows each of our businesses to remain highly focused on best positioning itself within the categories in which it competes and reinforces strong accountability for operational and financial performance. 
 We operate our business under two primary operating segments, which are also our reportable segments: 
 Safety Services A leading provider of safety services in North America, Asia Pacific, and Europe, focusing on end-to-end integrated occupancy systems (fire protection solutions, Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning HVAC ), and entry systems), including design, installation, inspection, and service of these integrated systems. The work performed within this segment spans across industries and facilities and includes commercial, education, healthcare, high tech, industrial, and special-hazard settings. 

Specialty Services A leading provider of a variety of infrastructure services and specialized industrial plant services, which include maintenance and repair of critical infrastructure such as underground electric, gas, water, sewer, and telecommunications infrastructure. Our services include engineering and design, fabrication, installation, maintenance service and repair, retrofitting and upgrading, pipeline infrastructure, access and road construction, supporting facilities, and performing ongoing integrity management and maintenance to customers within the energy industry. Customers within this segment vary from private and public utilities, communications, healthcare, education, transportation, manufacturing, industrial plants and governmental agencies throughout North America. 

Our Industry 
 The industries in which we operate are highly fragmented and comprised of national, regional, and local companies that provide services to customers across various end markets and geographies. We believe the following industry trends are affecting, and will continue to affect, demand for our services. 
 Increased Regulation. The life safety industry is highly regulated at the federal, state, and local levels and continuous regulatory changes, including mandated building codes and inspections and maintenance requirements, continue to generate increasing demand for our services, often on a recurring basis. Specifically, the Uniform Building Codes written by the National Fire Protection Association and the International Code Council regulate fire suppression and sprinkler systems. Among other things, these codes require testing, inspections, repair, maintenance and specific retrofits of building fire suppression and sprinkler systems, which generates recurring revenue related to those services. As these associations and government agencies continue to adopt new, more stringent regulations, the demand for our services increases. 
 Deferred Infrastructure Investment. Following several years of deferred investment, the aging United States U.S. infrastructure system requires significant maintenance, repair and retrofit services which has spurred demand in our industry. State and local municipalities have deferred infrastructure spending for many years which has resulted in the need to rebuild or retrofit a large portion of the U.S. infrastructure. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act signed into law on November 15, 2021 includes 550 billion of newly authorized infrastructure spending over the next 5 years. 
 4 

Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe that the following are our key competitive strengths: 
 Leading Market Positions in Diverse Set of Niche Industries. We believe that we are one of the go-to-market leaders in each of the niche industries we serve, including the industry leader in fire protection and sprinkler services, among the top five specialty contractors in North America, and a large provider of fire and security solutions in many of the international markets we serve. We believe that our revenue diversification across customers, end markets, geographies and projects, combined with our go-to-market strategy of selling inspection work first, regional approach to operating our businesses, operations in niche industries with strong cross-selling opportunities and recurring revenue potential, strong commitment to leadership development, long-standing customer relationships with a robust reputation in the industries we serve, and strong safety track record differentiates us from our competitors. As a result of our strong global brand recognition, we believe we have better access to new business opportunities, allowing us to maintain and advance our market share positions. 
 Repeat Revenue with Diverse Mix of Customers, End Markets, Geographies and Projects. We have repeat revenue from a diverse set of long-standing blue chip customers who are spread across a variety of end markets and geographies with low concentration. Many of our customers have high creditworthiness in a direct service relationship or contracting role, providing stable cash flows and a platform for organic growth. Service inspections are often required by legislation or insurance mandates, providing a strong recurring revenue stream. Our broad geographic footprint reaches over 500 locations throughout over 20 countries, and allows us to maintain relationships with local decision makers while also having the ability to execute multi-site services for national and international account customers. 
 Differentiated Business Model Focused on Growing Service Revenue. Our go-to-market strategy in life safety is to sell inspection work first, because we estimate that every dollar sold can lead to subsequent service work. In most cases, our inspection work is covered by statutory or insurance requirements. Nearly all facilities that have existing life safety systems are required by law to have that system inspected on an annual basis. This strategy differentiates us from our peers and ultimately creates a stickier client relationship that we believe leads to recurring revenue, higher margins, and growth opportunities. 
 Attractive Industry Fundamentals. We believe that the diversity of end markets we serve and the regulatory-driven demand for certain of our services will enable us to better withstand various economic cycles. We believe that the industries in which we operate are subject to increasingly complex and evolving regulatory environments and have experienced pent-up demand resulting from years of deferred maintenance and retrofit investment. We believe this presents attractive opportunities for us to drive growth in our businesses and enhance our market share positions. 
 Disciplined Acquisition Platform with History of Strategic Acquisitions. We have a disciplined acquisition platform through which we systematically target, execute, and integrate strategic acquisitions. Since 2005, we have completed over 90 acquisitions. Through our selective approach, we identify and assess companies that we believe align with our strategic priorities and demonstrate key value drivers such as culture, geography, end markets, client base, leadership, and service capabilities. Each of our businesses maintains its identity, reputation, customer relationships and culture following acquisition while benefiting from the resources of the APG network, which we believe is an important differentiator. Our acquired businesses benefit from direct access to the APG network, which facilitates organizational sharing of knowledge and best practices, increases collaboration across our businesses and develops cross-brand solutions which foster enhanced experience, quality, and efficiency. 
 Differentiated Leadership Culture and Operating Model. We believe that one of our core pillars of success is our distinct leadership development culture predicated on Building Great Leaders , our cross-functional leadership development platform designed to enable independent company leadership, cultivate broad management skills, enhance organizational flexibility, and empower the next cohort of leaders across our businesses. This culture of investing in leadership development at all levels of the organization has created an empowered, entrepreneurial atmosphere which facilitates organizational sharing of knowledge and best practices and enables the development of cross-brand solutions and innovation. Another important initiative is our field-based leadership programs. We believe our approach to field leadership is different from our peers field-based programs, which tend to focus on technical competence as opposed to leadership. Moreover, we employ a decentralized operating model which improves speed and responsiveness to customers in industries with strict requirements. This also empowers the leaders of our businesses to drive business performance and execute key decisions, while highlighting the significant focus we place on ensuring members of our team receive continuous investment in their development. 
 5 

Resilient Business Model with Multiple Levers to Navigate Downturns. Our proactive approach to managing risk across our platform, recurring revenue services-focused business model, and highly variable cost structure provide significant flexibility to effectively navigate downturns. Our significant union labor force in the U.S. and subcontract labor force internationally allow us to flex our workforce capacity as market conditions dictate without incurring significant trailing costs or severance. Our average project duration is relatively short, which helps mitigate inflationary exposure to cost of goods sold or changes in labor expense that some peers may experience in an inflationary environment. Historically, we have managed inflationary pressure through cost efficiency and cost saving actions, when needed. We believe that our broad mix of customers across many sectors and strong recurring revenue streams help us mitigate the impact of economic downturns on our business. In a downturn we have multiple levers to pull to preserve cash due to a high proportion of variable costs. 
 Attractive Financial Performance and Strong Margin and Cash Flow Profile. We believe that, due to our differentiated operating model, diversified services offerings, historically strong organic growth, and disciplined acquisition strategy, we have an attractive financial performance profile. In addition, we support margin growth by leveraging our scale to benefit from procurement savings resulting from enhanced purchasing power and serving higher-margin, niche industries. We also have a stable cash flow profile driven by our focus on recurring services-based revenue and our asset-light business model, which requires minimal ongoing capital expenditures (which are typically approximately 1.5 of total net revenues). The mission-critical nature of our services and regulatory-driven inspection requirements provide predictable, recurring revenue stream opportunities. Maintenance and services revenues are less cyclical, and are reasonably recurring due to the consistent renewal rates and deep customer relationships. 
 Our Business Strategy 
 We intend to continue to grow our businesses, both organically and through acquisitions, and advance our position in each of the markets we serve by pursuing the following integrated business strategies: 
 Drive Organic Growth. We believe that we can continue to grow our businesses organically and capture additional market share across each of our segments by focusing on growing maintenance, inspection, monitoring, and service revenue and maximizing cross-selling opportunities. 
 Grow Maintenance, Inspection, and Service Revenue - We believe that we can drive substantial organic growth by focusing on growing our maintenance, inspection, and service revenue, which is a component of our business in each of our segments. We plan to capitalize on our broad base of installed projects, cross-selling opportunities, and customer relationships to continue to grow maintenance, inspection, and service revenue. 

Maximize Cross-Selling Opportunities - With diverse businesses, a broad reach across a variety of different industries, geographies, and end markets and a culture of collaboration, we believe that we have significant cross-selling opportunities to service more of the project life cycle and, once a project is completed, to continue to grow attractive recurring revenue streams. 

Accelerate Growth through Acquisitions. We have a well-established acquisition platform with a track record of executing accretive acquisitions through our selective approach to targeting and assessing potential acquisitions that we believe align with our values and strategic priorities. We have a disciplined acquisition platform through which we systematically target, execute, and integrate strategic acquisitions. We believe that the markets in which we operate, which are expanding internationally, are fragmented and lend themselves to continued opportunistic acquisitions. We have grown, and plan to continue to drive growth, through accretive acquisitions, targeting businesses in our existing segments and those complementary to our service offerings. 
 Continue to Foster Leadership Development throughout All Levels and Geographies of the Organization. We plan to continue to invest in and support our leadership development culture through our Building Great Leaders platform, which we believe will continue to empower the leaders across our businesses, drive business performance and create future cross-selling opportunities. Our programmatic training and development curriculum focuses on a range of topics from enhancing technical capabilities to developing soft skills, and decision-making training to enable independent company leadership. We believe that this culture will continue to support our decentralized operating model, which combines the personal attention of a small-to-medium sized company with the strength and support of an industry leader. 
 6 

Leverage Our Scale and Services Portfolio. We believe that we can grow our businesses and increase our market position by leveraging our scale and broad portfolio of services offerings to capitalize on demand for single-source national and international providers. For example, we plan to focus on expanding national and international accounts and further developing an entity-wide purchasing program to realize the benefits from volume discounts and vendor pricing. We plan to leverage our industry-leading positions and the leadership across our businesses to capture growth opportunities across each of our segments. In addition, our increasing international footprint enhances our services platform with complementary offerings and cross-selling opportunities. 
 Customers 
 We have long-standing relationships with many customers in each of the industries we serve. We serve customers in both the public and private sectors, including commercial, industrial, distribution and fulfillment centers, manufacturing, education, healthcare, telecom, utilities, transmission, high tech, entertainment, and government. Our customers range from Fortune 500 companies with diverse, worldwide operations to single-location companies. We have low customer concentration with no single customer accounting for more than 5 of our total net revenues for 2022. 
 Our focus on providing high quality service promotes deep, long-term relationships with our customers which often results in continued opportunities for new business and a reliable source of recurring revenue for ongoing inspection, maintenance, and monitoring services. We often provide services under master service and other service agreements, which can be multi-year agreements, subject to earlier termination. The remainder of our work is generated pursuant to contracts for specific projects or jobs that require shorter-term services. 
 Customers are billed with varying frequency, the timing of which is generally dependent upon advance billing terms, milestone billings based on completion of certain phases of the work, or when services are provided. Under the typical payment terms of master and other service agreements and contracts for specific projects, the customer makes progress payments based on quantifiable measures of performance as defined in the agreements. Some of our contracts include retainage provisions, under which a portion of the contract amount can be retained by the customer until final contract settlement. 
 Government Regulation and Environmental Matters 
 Our business activities are subject to regional, national, state, and local laws and regulations in each country in which we conduct business. These laws and regulations involve matters including compliance with codes or regulations governing our services, licensing and certification requirements, environmental and substance control, workplace safety, privacy, data use, data security and protection of personal information, data storage and retention, biometrics, intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, taxation, economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions, anti-corruption and political law compliance, securities law compliance, and financial services. In some cases, laws and regulations outside of the U.S. impose different obligations or are more restrictive than those in the U.S. 
 These regulations are administered by various regional, national, state, and local health and safety and environmental agencies and authorities. While we cooperate with governmental authorities and take reasonable measures to meet regulatory requirements, certain of these risks are inherent in the operation of our business irrespective of regulatory compliance. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may involve civil and criminal liability. We are also subject to a wide range of reporting, licensure, certification, and compliance requirements as prescribed by various multi-national, national, state, and local governmental bodies or agencies, for example, individual or corporate licensing requirements or certifications that qualify us to perform the services we offer. We believe we have all required licenses to conduct our business activities and are in substantial compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Expenditures relating to such regulations are made in the normal course of our business and are neither material nor place us at any competitive disadvantage. We do not currently expect that compliance with such laws and regulations will require us to make material expenditures. If we fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could be subject to substantial fines or revocation of our operating licenses. 
 We are subject to various national, state, and local labor and employment laws and regulations which govern minimum wage and hour requirements, overtime, working conditions, mandatory benefits, health and social insurance, statutory notice periods and other employment-related matters, duties and obligations. Additionally, a large portion of our business uses labor that is provided under collective bargaining agreements or is subject to works council processes. As such, we are subject to national and local laws and regulations related to unionized labor and collective bargaining. 
 7 

We also are subject to various environmental laws and regulations that impose liability and cleanup responsibility for releases of hazardous substances into the environment or potential liability for harm to persons or property. Under certain of these laws and regulations, liabilities can be imposed for cleanup of properties, regardless of whether we directly caused the contamination or violated any law at the time of discharge or disposal. The presence of contamination from such substances or wastes could interfere with ongoing operations or adversely affect our business. In addition, we could be held liable for significant penalties and damages under certain environmental laws and regulations. Our contracts with customers may also impose liabilities on us regarding environmental issues that arise through the performance of our services. Additionally, under some legal theories of recovery applicable to claims for personal injury or property damage, liability could be imposed in connection with allegedly hazardous substances on a market share basis, eliminating the need for claimants to prove a direct relationship between the injury and our business operations. From time to time, we may incur costs and obligations related to environmental compliance and/or remediation matters or claims related to hazardous substances. 
 Effect of Seasonality and Cyclical Nature of Business 
 Our net revenues and results of operations can be subject to variability stemming from seasonal and other variations. Seasonal variations can be influenced by weather conditions impacting customer spending patterns, contract award seasons, and project schedules, as well as the timing of holidays. Consequently, net revenues for our businesses are typically lower during the first and second quarters due to the prevalence of unfavorable weather conditions within our North America companies, which can cause project delays and affect productivity. 
 Additionally, the industries we serve can be cyclical. Fluctuations in end-user demand, or in the supply of services within those industries, can affect demand for our services. As a result, our business may be adversely affected by industry declines or by delays in new projects. Variations or unanticipated changes in project schedules in connection with large projects can create fluctuations in net revenues. 
 Competitive Environment 
 We operate in industries which are highly competitive and highly fragmented. There are relatively few barriers to entry in many of the industries in which we operate, and as a result, any organization that has adequate financial resources and access to technical expertise could become a competitor. In each of our segments, we compete with a number of companies, ranging from small, owner-operated businesses operating in narrow geographic regions to large companies with national and international scale who have significant financial, technical, and marketing resources. 
 We compete based on a variety of factors, including price, service, technical expertise and experience, quality, safety record, response time, and reputation for customer service. A portion of our revenue is derived from agreements with customers that contain fixed price or per unit terms, and price is often an important factor in the contract award process for such work. However, we believe our customers also consider a variety of other factors, including those described above, when selecting a service provider, and we believe that our technical capabilities, broad geographic reach, and skilled labor force enable us to compete against our larger competitors. 
 Supply 
 We have multiple supply sources in various markets at competitive pricing for substantially all of our raw material and installed components. The raw materials and various purchased components we use such as piping, steel, sheet metal, fire suppression/detection components, and HVAC equipment have generally been available in sufficient quantities in a timely manner. We rely on multiple third-party manufacturers as a source for pre-fabricated goods or system components. Historically we have been able to mitigate commodity cost exposure by purchasing or price locking commodities early for particular projects, as well as selectively using time or market-based escalation provisions in proposals and contracts. While we have experienced some impacts on our supply chain to date, they have only impacted longer term contracts within our business, which are not significant. We do not anticipate experiencing significant procurement challenges, as the purchases of required materials can be sourced from multiple sources; however, tariffs or other changes in international trade relations or other factors such as the impact of pandemics, could result in limited availability of or increased costs for some materials. 
 8 

Sales and Marketing 
 Our success depends on developing and maintaining successful long-term relationships with key customers in each of the industries we serve. We intend to continue our emphasis on developing and maintaining long-term relationships with our customers by providing reliable, high-quality service in a professional manner. We believe we can continue to leverage specific technical and marketing strengths at the individual business-level to expand the services offered in each business s market. Our culture of collaboration across our businesses provides significant cross-selling opportunities to leverage our current project base, existing relationships and professional expertise to provide additional services to our existing customers. In North America, we provide a single point of contact for customers with a regional or national portfolio of properties through our National Service Group NSG team within our Safety Services segment, which enhances our understanding of customers on a national scale and allows us to build more meaningful relationships with our customers. Through our NSG team, we are able to quickly and efficiently allocate resources to meet customer needs. 
 Insurance and Legal Proceedings 
 The primary insured risks in our operations are bodily injury, property damage and workers compensation injury. We are insured for workers compensation, employer s liability, auto liability, general liability, employee group health insurance, property damage or loss, business interruption, cyber incidents, pollution liability, professional liability, as well as for other business risks and retain the risk for claims resulting from uninsured deductibles or retentions per-incident or occurrence. Because we have very large deductibles or retentions, the vast majority of our claims are paid by us, so as a practical matter we self-insure the great majority of these risks. Losses under all of these insurance programs are accrued based upon our estimate of the likely ultimate liability for claims reported and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported IBNR ), with assistance from third-party actuaries. In addition, in connection with the Chubb Acquisition, we agreed to accept the risk on certain pending claims against Chubb and certain IBNR claims. We estimated the exposure to loss presented by such claims with the assistance of third-party actuaries and negotiated an adjustment to the purchase price in connection with these anticipated costs and have made associated accruals. These insurance liabilities and liabilities for the Chubb claims are difficult to assess and estimate due to unknown factors, including the severity of an injury, the extent of damage, the determination of our liability, if any, in proportion to other parties and the number of incidents not reported. The accruals are based upon known facts, historical trends and industry averages using the assistance of an actuary to project the extent of these obligations, and management believes such accruals are adequate. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Our number one value and priority is the safety, health and well-being of all of our employees. Our employees are critical to the execution of our strategies and achieving business success. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 26,000 employees, of which approximately 13,000 were represented by unions and were subject to various collective bargaining agreements. We have not experienced and do not expect any significant strikes or work stoppages and believe our relations with employees covered by collective bargaining agreements are in good standing. 
 Talent Development and Employee Engagement 
 We believe our success in attracting and retaining qualified employees will be based on the quality of our training, leadership development and opportunities for growth and advancement. We offer multiple accelerated development programs focusing on advancing the business and leadership skills of employees. Our field-based leadership has the opportunity to participate in a development program focused on building foundational leadership skills. In addition, we offer less structured tools and opportunities for development, including individual development plans, executive coaching, strategic leadership advisory services and on-demand learning opportunities hosted on our learning management platform, our intranet site and through podcasts. 
 We believe that a culture where every employee can grow, thrive, and feel they belong is a differentiator and enables us to attract and retain employees who also build inclusive relationships with our customers. We are committed to all dimensions of diversity including gender identity, race, sexual orientation, ability, backgrounds, and beliefs. We are building and evolving our culture of inclusion through our day-to-day work through our leadership, learning and development. 
 We monitor employee engagement through periodic engagement assessments and provide recommendations for follow up based on this work. Our continued success will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to attract, motivate, retain and reward high-quality, skilled employees. 
 
 9 

Health Safety 
 We have a safety culture that is grounded in our commitment to zero incidents. We have established safety standards covering the risks particular to our business, deployed through specific training and monitored by country-level inspection programs. The aim of these programs is to ensure that all employees are aware of and comply with safety standards we have established and all applicable laws, regulations and other requirements in the countries and jurisdictions in which we operate. We have implemented our safety program, STEPS (Striving Toward Excellence and Professionalism in Safety), within North America which promotes safety culture awareness throughout our operations. Outside of North America, we have established a security program, SAFE (Scan, Assess, Fix, Execute) which is linked to the need for preventive actions before starting work. In addition, we have multiple programs geared towards increasing everyone s awareness of our safety culture and to empower employees to stop work if risks are unmanageable. We are currently very focused on improving our fleet performance through defensive driver training, fleet technology, and company fleet assessments. Additionally, we participate in an annual Safety Week which includes activities designed to elevate safety awareness, and we hold an annual competition to acknowledge and reward businesses exhibiting excellence in safety. Our team of over one hundred safety professionals support the operations in each business to ensure industry safety standards are met and audits by safety professionals or certified organizations are utilized to assess the maturity of our safety management systems. 
 Our rate of incidents recordable under the standards of the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA per one hundred employees per year, also known as the OSHA recordable rate, was 1.0 during 2022 and 1.3 during 2021, respectively. Our rate of 1.0 is considerably less than the most recently published OSHA rate for our industry of 2.5. 
 Competitive Pay, Benefits and Total Rewards and Practices 
 Our total rewards philosophy is designed to align the compensation of our employees with Company financial results and individual performance, and to provide the appropriate market-competitive pay to attract, retain and incentivize employees to achieve superior performance. We offer a comprehensive, competitive portfolio of health, financial and well-being benefits aligned with market practice and legal requirements in each country in which we operate. Our benefit programs support our employees bringing their best self to work as they support their mental, physical, and financial needs and goals. 
 Executive Officers 
 Set forth below is certain information relating to our current executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 

Russell A. Becker 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

Kevin S. Krumm 
 
 48 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Louis B. Lambert 
 
 47 
 
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

Kristina M. Morton 
 
 48 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer 

Russell A. Becker has served as a director of the Company since October 2019. Mr. Becker joined APi Group, Inc. in 2002 as its President and Chief Operating Officer and became its Chief Executive Officer in 2004. Prior to leading APi Group, Inc., Mr. Becker served in a variety of roles at The Jamar Company, a subsidiary of APi Group, Inc., including as a Manager of Construction from 1995 to 1997 and as President from 1998 until he joined APi Group, Inc. in 2002. Mr. Becker served as a project manager for Ryan Companies from 1993 to 1995 and as a field engineer with Cherne Contracting from 1991 to 1993. Since July 2017, Mr. Becker has served on the board of directors of Liberty Diversified Industries and since January 2019 has served on the board of directors for Marvin Companies, each a private company. Mr. Becker also serves on the advisory board for the Construction Management Program at Michigan Technical University. 
 Kevin S. Krumm has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since September 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Krumm served as Corporate Treasurer and Senior Vice President of Global Business Services for Ecolab, Inc. During his 15-year tenure there, he also held roles leading the Industrial segment finance team, regional finance teams in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Asia and Latin America and leading international integration efforts for a major acquisition. Mr. Krumm began his career in public accounting working for consulting firms PwC, Arthur Andersen and Deloitte with a heavy emphasis on M A/corporate finance. Mr. Krumm earned his bachelor s degree from the University of Northern Iowa and his master s degree in Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. 
 10 

Louis B. Lambert has served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company since July 2022. Most recently, Mr. Lambert was Vice President and Assistant General Counsel for Polaris Inc., a powersports manufacturing company. Prior to joining APi, Mr. Lambert served as vice president, legal, and assistant secretary of Polaris Inc., where he had responsibility for corporate governance, SEC compliance, M A, executive compensation, and was general counsel for multiple global business units. Prior to that, Mr. Lambert held increasingly senior legal roles at 3M Company and then General Mills, where he focused on global M A, joint ventures, and various general counseling roles. Mr. Lambert began his career as an associate at Faegre Benson (now Faegre Drinker) in its corporate finance group. Mr. Lambert earned his JD from Rutgers School of Law Newark and a bachelor s degree from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. 
 Kristina M. Morton has served as Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer of the Company since February 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Morton served as Vice President, Human Resources, Supply Chain and Global Operations for General Mills. During her 23-year tenure at General Mills, she also held roles in marketing, sales and supply chain, most recently leading 175 human resources professionals that supported 20,000 employees globally across 45 manufacturing facilities, in the U.S. and Europe. Ms. Morton earned her bachelor s degree from the University of St. Thomas and her master s degree from the University of Minnesota. 
 Available Information 
 Our internet website address is www.apigroupcorp.com. We make available free of charge, through our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and proxy statements for our annual meeting of stockholders, as soon as reasonably practicable after each such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC also makes available at www.sec.gov reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed by issuers with the SEC, such as the Company. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We have expanded our international operations, which subjects us to economic, political and other risks. 
 With the Chubb Acquisition in January 2022, our international operations have been greatly expanded. We have significantly expanded our pre-Chubb Acquisition presence in Europe and Canada (including in the United Kingdom U.K. and the Netherlands), and we have acquired ongoing operations in new markets across Europe and the Asian-Pacific region (including France, Australia, and Hong Kong). 
 Approximately 38 of our revenue was derived from areas outside the United States for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, our business is and will in the future be subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including: 
 laws and regulations that dictate how we conduct business; 

changes or instability in a specific country s or region s political or economic conditions, including inflation or currency devaluation; 

political, financial market or economic instability relating to epidemics or pandemics; 

laws and regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise limit distributions of capital; 

changes to existing or new domestic or international tax laws; 

trade protection measures, such as tariff increases, and import and export licensing and control requirements; 

potentially negative consequences from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

difficulties repatriating income or capital, whether due to temporary blocking, taxes, tariffs or otherwise, where income from work outside the United States in non-U.S. dollars exceed our local currency needs; 

11 

expropriation and governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership or requiring reversion or divestiture; 

laws and regulations governing our employee relations, including occupational health and safety matters and employee compensation and benefits matters; 

our ability to comply with, and the costs of compliance with, anti-bribery laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar local anti-bribery laws; 

uncertainties regarding legal or judicial systems, including inconsistencies between and within laws, regulations and decrees, and judicial application thereof, and delays in the judicial process; and 

difficulty in recruiting and retaining trained personnel in our international operations. 

In addition, applicable U.S. and non-U.S. anti-corruption laws, including but not limited to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act, generally prohibit us from, among other things, corruptly making payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We pursue opportunities in certain parts of the world and in certain industries that may experience corruption, and in certain circumstances, compliance with these laws may conflict with longstanding local customs and practices. Our policies mandate compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws. We have policies and procedures designed to ensure that our employees and intermediaries who work for us outside the United States comply with these laws, and we otherwise require such employees and intermediaries to comply with these laws. However, there can be no assurance that such policies, procedures and other requirements will protect us from liability under the FCPA or other similar laws for actions taken by our employees or intermediaries; moreover, detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations of such laws is expensive and could consume significant time and attention of our senior management, in-country management, and other personnel. Liability for such actions could result in severe criminal or civil fines, penalties, forfeitures, disgorgements or other sanctions. This in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We are a decentralized company and place significant decision-making authority with our subsidiaries management, supported by certain integrated policies and processes. 
 We believe our practice of conferring significant authority upon the management of our subsidiaries has been important to our successful growth and has allowed us to be responsive to opportunities and to our customers needs. We seek to maintain business continuity within our subsidiaries while identifying and implementing operational efficiencies, cost synergies, and integration of organizational processes across these companies. This balance presents certain risks, including the risk we would be slower to identify a misalignment between a subsidiary s and our overall business strategy or shared processes. If an operating subsidiary fails to follow our shared company policies and processes, including those relating to compliance with applicable laws, we could be subjected to risks of noncompliance with applicable regulations. 
 
 As part of our business, we have entered into joint venture arrangements and likely will continue to do so. Our participation in joint ventures exposes us to liability and/or harm to our reputation for failures of our partners. 
 The purpose of our joint ventures is typically to combine skills and resources to allow for the proposing on and performance of particular projects. Success of these jointly performed projects can be adversely affected by the performance of our joint venture partners, over whom we may have little or no control. Differences in opinions or views between us and our joint venture partners could result in delayed decision-making or failure to agree on material issues that could adversely affect the business and operations of our joint ventures. Additionally, the failure by a joint venture partner to comply with applicable laws, regulations or client requirements could negatively impact our business. 
 We and our joint venture partners are generally jointly and severally liable for all liabilities and obligations of our joint ventures. If a joint venture partner fails to perform or is financially unable to bear its portion of required capital contributions or other obligations, including liabilities stemming from claims or lawsuits, we could be required to make additional investments, provide additional services or pay more than our proportionate share of a liability to make up for our partner s shortfall. Further, if our partners experience cost overruns or project performance issues that we are unable to adequately address, the customer may terminate the project, which could result in legal liability to us, harm our reputation and reduce our profit or increase our loss on a project. 
 12 

Improperly managed projects or project delays may result in additional costs or claims against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 The quality of our performance on any given project depends in large part upon the ability of the project manager(s) to manage relationships and the project itself and to timely assert contractual remedies and deploy appropriate resources, including both third-party contractors and our own personnel. Our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity could be adversely affected if a project manager or our personnel miscalculate the resources or time needed to complete a project with capped or fixed fees, or the resources or time needed to meet contractual milestones. Additionally, delays on a particular project, including delays in designs, engineering information or materials provided to us by the customer or a third party, delays or difficulties in equipment and material delivery, schedule changes, delays from failure to timely obtain permits or rights-of-way or to meet other regulatory requirements, weather-related delays, governmental, industry, political and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, could result in cancellations or deferrals of project work, which could lead to a decline in revenue, or, for project deferrals, could cause us to incur costs for standby pay, and could lead to personnel shortages on other projects scheduled to commence at a later date. 
 Risks Related to Acquisitions 
 Our business strategy includes acquiring companies and making investments that complement our existing businesses. These acquisitions and investments could be unsuccessful or consume significant resources, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We expect to continue to evaluate the acquisition of strategic businesses, service lines, and technologies with the potential to strengthen our industry position or enhance our existing offerings. However, we cannot assure you that we will identify or successfully complete suitable acquisitions in the future or that completed acquisitions will be successful. Acquisitions that do not achieve the intended strategic or operational benefits could adversely affect our operating results and may result in an impairment charge. 
 Under certain circumstances, it may be difficult for us to complete transactions quickly and to integrate acquired operations efficiently into our current business operations. Acquisitions and investments may involve significant cash expenditures, the incurrence of debt, operating losses and expenses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Acquisitions involve numerous other risks, including: (i) diversion of management s time and attention from daily operations; (ii) difficulties integrating acquired businesses, technologies and personnel into our business; (iii) inability to obtain required regulatory approvals; (iv) inability to obtain required financing on favorable terms or, if so obtained, risks associated with incurrence of additional indebtedness; (iv) potential loss of key employees, key contractual relationships, or key customers of acquired companies or from our existing businesses; and (v) assumption of the liabilities and exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies (including environmental, employee benefits, safety and health and third party property and casualty liabilities). Any acquisitions or investments may ultimately harm our business or financial condition, as such acquisitions may not be successful and may ultimately result in impairment charges. 
 We may not realize the expected benefits of the Chubb Acquisition because of integration and transition difficulties or other challenges. 
 On January 3, 2022, we closed the Chubb Acquisition. The success of the Chubb Acquisition depends, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate and operate the Chubb business in conjunction with our existing life safety businesses and transition from the services and systems provided by the seller. While we successfully separated from Carrier as of December 31, 2022, the separation process has been complex, costly and time-consuming. While we have largely been successful in replacing services provided by the seller in the Chubb Acquisition with capabilities and systems within APG or third parties, integrating legacy Chubb, new third party systems with APG's current systems could pose operational challenges that impact the business. The potential difficulties of integrating the operations of the Chubb business include, among others: 
 implementing our business plan and strategy for the business; 

continued unanticipated issues in integrating personnel, operations, systems and technology infrastructure, particularly after the end of the transitional services provided by the seller; 

coordinating geographically dispersed organizations; 

changes in applicable laws and regulations or conditions imposed by regulators; 

13 

deploying internal controls over financial reporting; 

operating risks inherent in the Chubb business and our existing life safety businesses; and 

realizing the expected synergies from the Chubb Acquisition. 

We may not accomplish the integration of the Chubb business smoothly, successfully or within the anticipated costs or timeframe. We have incurred and expect to incur additional non-recurring costs associated with the integration of Chubb into our business. These costs and expenses include fees paid to financial, legal and accounting advisors, facilities and systems implementation or consolidation costs, severance and other potential employment-related costs, including severance payments that may be made to certain Chubb employees. In addition, the Chubb business may not meet our expectations, causing our financial results to differ from our own or the investment community s expectations. Any of these factors could have a negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Financial Risks 
 Adverse developments in the credit markets could adversely affect the funding of significant projects and therefore reduce demand for our services. 
 Adverse developments in the credit markets, including reduced liquidity or rising interest rates, could reduce the availability of funding for large capital projects that require our services. Volatility in the credit and equity markets could reduce the availability of debt or equity financing for significant projects, causing a reduction in capital spending, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We may need additional capital in the future for working capital, capital expenditures or acquisitions, and we may not be able to access capital on favorable terms, or at all, which would impair our ability to operate our business or achieve our growth objectives. 
 Our ability to generate cash is essential for the funding of our operations and the servicing of our debt. If existing cash balances and cash generated from operations together with the borrowing capacity under our Credit Facilities are not sufficient to make future investments, make acquisitions or provide needed working capital, we may require financing from other sources. Our ability to obtain such additional financing in the future will depend on a number of factors including prevailing capital market conditions, conditions in our industry, and our operating results. If additional funds were not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to make future investments, take advantage of acquisitions or pursue other opportunities. 
 Our use of revenue recognition over time could result in a reduction or reversal of previously recorded revenue or profits. 
 A significant portion of our revenue is recognized over time by measuring progress toward complete satisfaction of performance obligations in the proportion that our actual costs bear to our estimated contract costs at completion. The earnings or losses recognized on individual contracts are based on estimates of contract revenue, costs and profitability. We review our estimates of contract revenue, costs and profitability on an ongoing basis. Prior to contract completion, we may adjust our estimates on one or more occasions as a result of change orders to the original contract, collection disputes with the customer on amounts invoiced, claims against the customer for increased costs incurred by us due to customer induced delays and other factors, or other changes in facts and circumstances that require modifications to estimated costs. Contract losses are recognized in the fiscal period when the loss is determined. Contract profit estimates are also adjusted in the fiscal period in which it is determined that an adjustment is required. As a result of the requirements of over time revenue recognition, the possibility exists, for example, that we could have estimated and reported a profit or loss on a contract over several periods and later determined that all or a portion of such previously estimated and reported profits or losses were overstated or understated. If this occurs, the full aggregate amount of the overstatement or understatement will be reported for the period in which such determination is made, thereby eliminating all or a portion of any profits or losses from other contracts that would have otherwise been reported in such period or potentially resulting in a loss or gain being reported for such period. On a historical basis, we believe that we have made reasonably reliable estimates of the progress towards completion on our long-term contracts. However, given the uncertainties associated with these types of contracts, it is possible for actual costs to vary from estimates previously made, which may result in reductions or reversals of previously recorded revenue and profits. 
 14 

We carry a significant amount of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Earnings for future periods may be impacted by impairment charges for goodwill and intangible assets. 
 Goodwill is the excess of purchase price over the fair value of the net assets of acquired businesses. We assess goodwill and identifiable intangible assets for impairment each year, or more frequently if circumstances suggest an impairment may have occurred. 
 While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair values of our reporting units which were based on facts and circumstances known at such time, it is possible that existing or new events may result in forecasted cash flows, revenue and earnings that differ from those that formed the basis of our estimates and assumptions, which could be materially different from our estimates and assumptions. Any impairment in the value of our goodwill would have an adverse non-cash impact on our results of operations and reduce our net worth. As of December 31, 2022, we had goodwill of 2,382 million, which is maintained in various reporting units. 
 Additionally, we have a significant amount of identifiable intangible assets and fixed assets that could also be subject to impairment. If we determine that a significant impairment has occurred in the value of our unamortized intangible assets or fixed assets, we could be required to write off a portion of our assets, which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 In connection with our preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we and our independent registered public accounting firm identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). As previously disclosed in its Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, management identified material weaknesses related to our internal control over financial reporting. Management has taken meaningful steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate the previously reported material weaknesses; however, certain IT general controls and process level controls were implemented late in 2022. As a result and in connection with our preparation of our consolidated financial statements herein for the year ended December 31, 2022, we and our independent registered public accounting firm identified a material weakness over user access controls related to an information technology system and a material weakness related to the ineffective operation of process level controls over revenue recognition. Under standards established by the United States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, a material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. 
 We cannot assure you that we have identified all, or that we will not in the future have additional, material weaknesses. If we fail to remediate the material weaknesses or if we otherwise fail to establish and maintain effective control over financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results could be adversely affected. 
 As anticipated, a remediation effort of this magnitude takes multiple years to complete and we have made significant progress in 2021 and 2022 with our multi-year remediation plans. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable when required in the future to express an unqualified opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected, and we could become subject to litigation or investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 Our substantial indebtedness may adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to operate our business and fulfill our obligations under our indebtedness. 
 As of December 31, 2022, on a consolidated basis, we had 2,212 million in principal amount of debt outstanding under our credit facilities, 614 million of senior notes, and other indebtedness totaling approximately 6 million. 
 Our substantial indebtedness could have significant effects on our operations. For example, it may: 
 15 

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, dividends, innovation, and other general corporate purposes; 

cause credit rating agencies to view our debt level negatively; 

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate; 

limit our ability to make strategic acquisitions, introduce new technologies or pursue business opportunities; and 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness. 

In addition, the Credit Agreement governing the credit facilities contains covenants that restrict our operations. These covenants restrict, among other things, our ability to incur additional debt, grant liens, pay cash dividends, enter new lines of business, redeem our common stock, make certain investments and engage in certain merger, consolidation or asset sale transactions. These restrictions could limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions, meet extraordinary capital needs or otherwise take actions that we believe are in our best interest. Further, a failure by us to comply with any of these covenants and restrictions could result in an event of default that, if not waived or cured, could result in the acceleration of all or a substantial portion of the outstanding indebtedness thereunder. In addition, subject to the restrictions in the agreements that govern the Credit Agreement, if we incur substantial additional indebtedness (including secured indebtedness) in the future, these risks will be exacerbated. 
 The terms of our indebtedness may limit our ability to borrow additional funds or capitalize on business opportunities, and our future debt level may limit our future financial and operating flexibility. 
 The Credit Agreement governing the credit facilities prohibits distributions on, or purchases or redemptions of, securities if any default or event of default is continuing. In addition, it contains various covenants limiting our ability to, among other things, incur indebtedness if certain financial ratios are not maintained, grant liens, engage in transactions with affiliates, enter into sale-leaseback transactions, and sell substantially all of our assets or enter into a merger or consolidation. The Credit Agreement governing the credit facilities also treats a change of control as an event of default and also requires us to maintain certain leverage ratios. 
 Our ability to access capital markets to raise capital on favorable terms will be affected by our debt level, our operating and financial performance, the amount of our current maturities and debt maturing in the next several years, and by prevailing credit market conditions. Moreover, if lenders or any future credit rating agency downgrade our credit rating, then we could experience increases in our borrowing costs, face difficulty accessing capital markets or incurring additional indebtedness, be unable to receive open credit from our suppliers and trade counterparties, be unable to benefit from swings in market prices and shifts in market structure during periods of volatility in the crude oil and natural gas markets or suffer a reduction in the market price of our common stock. If we are unable to access the capital markets on favorable terms at the time a debt obligation becomes due in the future. The price and terms upon which we might receive such extensions or additional bank credit, if at all, could be more onerous than those contained in existing debt agreements. Any such arrangements could, in turn, increase the risk that our leverage may adversely affect our future financial and operating flexibility and thereby impact our ability to pay cash distributions at expected rates. 
 Higher interest rates increase the interest costs on our credit facilities and on our other floating rate indebtedness and could impact adversely our ability to refinance existing indebtedness or to sell assets. 
 Interest payments for certain of our indebtedness, including borrowings under the credit facilities are based on floating rates. As a result, an increase in interest rates will reduce our cash flow available for other corporate purposes. 
 Higher interest rates could also limit our ability to refinance existing indebtedness and increase interest costs on any indebtedness that is refinanced. We have and may continue to enter into agreements such as floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other hedging contracts in order to hedge against the cash flow effects of changes in interest rates for floating rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 1,120 million notional amount outstanding in interest rate swap agreements, which includes an aggregate 400 million notional amount of forward-starting swaps that commence in January 2023 and a four-year 720 million notional swap that exchanges a variable rate of interest for a fixed rate over the term of the agreement. However, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our floating rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. In addition, these agreements expose us to the risk that other parties to the agreements will not perform or that the agreements will be unenforceable. 
 16 

We are effectively self-insured against many potential liabilities. 
 We are insured through a wholly-owned insurance captive and third party carriers. We maintain insurance policies covering a broad range of risks, including automobile liability, general liability, property risk, employer liability, workers compensation, employee group health, business interruption, professional liability and other typical business coverages, and coverage for limited cyber incidents and pollution liability. If any of our insurance carriers default on their obligations to provide insurance coverage by reason of its insolvency or for other reasons, our exposure to claims would increase and our profits would be adversely affected. 
 Certain of our coverages are subject to large deductibles or have high self-insured retention amounts, our policies do not cover all possible claims, and certain legacy risks at Chubb were assumed without insurance coverage. Accordingly, we are effectively self-insured for a substantial number of actual and potential claims. Additionally, if our estimates of liability for current or IBNR claims are substantially undervalued, we may incur unexpected losses higher than our reserves which we believe are adequate. 
 Our estimates and accruals for unpaid claims and expenses are based on known facts, historical trends, industry averages, and reasonable estimates of future expenses, utilizing the assistance of third-party actuaries. We believe our accruals are adequate. The determination of such estimated liabilities and their appropriateness are reviewed and updated at least quarterly. In connection with the Chubb claims, we estimated the exposure to loss presented by such claims, negotiated an adjustment to the purchase price in connection with these anticipated costs and made associated accruals. However, claims liabilities are difficult to assess and estimate due to many relevant factors, the effects of which are often unknown, including the severity of an injury or damage, the determination of liability in proportion to other parties, the timeliness of reported claims, the effectiveness of our risk management and safety programs and the terms and conditions of our insurance policies. Additionally, unknown or changing trends, risks or circumstances, such as increases in claims, a weakening economy, increases in medical costs, changes in case law or legislation, or changes in the nature of the work we perform, could render our current estimates and accruals inadequate. If our estimates materially diverge from our realized liabilities, adjustments to our balance sheet may be required and these increased liabilities would be recorded in the period that the experience becomes known. 
 Risks Related to Our Contracts 
 We may not accurately estimate the costs associated with services provided under fixed price contracts, which could impair our financial performance. 
 A portion of our agreements with customers contain fixed price terms. Under these contracts, we typically set the price of our services on a per unit or aggregate basis and assume the risk that costs associated with our performance may be greater than what we estimated. We also enter into contracts for specific projects or jobs that require the installation or construction of an entire infrastructure system or specified units within an infrastructure system, many of which are priced on a fixed price or per unit basis. Profitability for these contracts will be reduced if actual costs to complete a project exceed our original estimates. If estimated costs to complete the remaining work for a project exceed the expected revenue to be earned, the full amount of any expected loss is recognized in the period the loss is determined. Our profitability on these contracts is therefore dependent upon our ability to accurately estimate the costs associated with our services and our ability to execute in accordance with our plans. A variety of factors could negatively affect these estimates, including changes in expected productivity levels, conditions at work sites differing materially from those anticipated at the time we propose on the contract, and higher than expected costs of labor and/or materials. These variations, along with other risks inherent in performing fixed price contracts, could cause actual project results to differ materially from our original estimates, which could result in lower margins than anticipated, or losses, which could reduce our profitability, cash flows and liquidity. 
 A portion of our contracts allocate the risk of price increases in supplies to us. 
 For certain contracts, including where we have assumed responsibility for procuring materials for a project, we are exposed to market risk of increases in certain commodity prices of materials, such as copper and steel, which are used as components of supplies or materials utilized in all of our operations. In addition, our customers capital budgets may be impacted by the prices of certain materials. These prices could be materially impacted by general market conditions and other factors, including U.S. trade relationships with other countries or the imposition of tariffs. We are also exposed to increases in energy prices, including as they relate to gasoline prices for our rolling-stock fleet of approximately 18,500 vehicles. Additionally, the price of fuel required to run our vehicles and equipment is unpredictable and fluctuates based on events outside our control. Any increase in fuel costs could materially reduce our profitability and liquidity to the extent we are not able to adjust our pricing for such expenses. While we believe we can increase our prices to adjust for some price increases in commodities, there can be no assurance that price increases of commodities would be recoverable. Additionally, some of our fixed price contracts do not allow us to adjust our prices and, as a result, increases in material or fuel costs could reduce our profitability with respect to such projects. 
 17 

Some of our subsidiaries are government contractors, and they are subject to complex rules and regulations governing government contractors, and their contracts with government entities are subject to audit. Violations of the applicable rules and regulations could result in a subsidiary being barred from future government contracts. 
 Government contractors must comply with many regulations and other requirements that relate to the award, administration and performance of these contracts, and government contracts are subject to audit. A violation of these laws and regulations could result in imposition of fines and penalties, the termination of a government contract or debarment from proposing on government contracts in the future. Further, despite our decentralized nature, a violation at one of our locations could impact other locations ability to propose on and perform government contracts. Additionally, because of our decentralized nature, we face risks in maintaining compliance with all local, state and federal government contracting requirements. Prohibition against proposing on future government contracts could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our backlog is subject to reduction or cancellation, and revenues may be realized in different periods than initially reflected in our backlog. 
 Our backlog includes the estimated unsatisfied performance obligations associated with the services to be performed under customer contracts. These estimates are based on contract terms and evaluations regarding the timing of the services to be provided. In many instances, our customers are not contractually committed to procure specific volumes of services under a contract. Revenue estimates reflected in our backlog can be subject to change due to a number of factors, including contract cancellations and contract changes made by our customers to the amount or nature of the work actually performed under a contract. As a result, our backlog as of any particular date is an uncertain indicator of the amount of or timing of future revenues and earnings. 
 Risks Related to Our Workforce 
 Our unionized workforce and related obligations could adversely affect our operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 49 of our employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. or similar employment and labor obligations in other countries in which we conduct business. The terms of these agreements limit our discretion in the management of covered employees and our ability to nimbly implement changes to meet business needs. In addition, our employees in certain countries in Europe are subject to works council arrangements, exposing us to potential delays in implementing changes, works council claims and litigation. There can be no assurance that our non-unionized employees will not become members of a union or become covered by a collective bargaining agreement, including through an acquisition of a business whose employees are subject to such an agreement. Certain of our unionized employees have participated in strikes and work stoppages in the past, and we cannot be certain that strikes or work stoppages will not occur in the future. In the current inflationary environment, negotiations over union wage rates or increase in benefits may slow or derail contract renegotiations, which may lead to potential strikes or work stoppages. Strikes or work stoppages could adversely impact relationships with our customers and could cause us to lose business and experience a decline in revenues. Our ability to complete future acquisitions also could be adversely affected because of our union status. For instance, our union agreements may be incompatible with the union agreements of a business we want to acquire, and some acquisition targets may decline to become affiliated with a union-based company. Moreover, certain of our customers, where permissible by law, may require or prefer a non-union workforce, and they may reduce the amount of work assigned to us if our non-union labor crews become unionized, which could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our pension commitments and obligations to make cash contributions to meet our obligations in certain pension plans subject us to risks. 
 Certain collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. require us to participate with other companies in multiemployer pension plans. To the extent those plans are underfunded, U.S. regulations, including the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended by the Multiemployer Pension Plan Amendments Act of 1980, may subject us to substantial liabilities under those plans if we withdraw from them or if they are terminated or experience a mass withdrawal. 
 18 

In addition, certain U.S. multiemployer pension plans to which we contribute or may contribute in the future are in endangered, seriously endangered or critical status. The Pension Protection Act of 2006 added special funding and operational rules generally applicable to plan years beginning after 2007 for multiemployer plans that are classified as endangered, seriously endangered or critical status based on multiple factors (including, for example, the plan s funded percentage, cash flow position and whether it is projected to experience a minimum funding deficiency). Plans in these classifications must adopt measures to improve their funded status through a funding improvement or rehabilitation plan, as applicable, which may require additional contributions from employers (which may take the form of a surcharge on benefit contributions) and/or modifications to retiree benefits. The amount of additional funds, if any, that we may be obligated to contribute to these plans in the future cannot be estimated due to uncertainty of the future levels of work that require the specific use of union employees covered by these plans, as well as the future contribution levels and possible surcharges on contributions applicable to these plans. 
 In connection with the Chubb Acquisition, we also maintain defined benefit pension plans outside of the U.S. Our non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans include both funded and unfunded plans. The funded plans, such as in the U.K. (closed to new members and future benefit accrual) and Canada (closed to new members), are financed predominantly through externally invested pension plan assets via externally managed funds and insurance companies, which investments are subject to market, interest rate and inflation risks. If these investments do not perform well or are not managed properly and their values decline significantly, it could result in a coverage shortfall for these pension obligations and therefore significantly increase our pension obligations. 
 Our future contribution obligations and potential withdrawal liability exposure with respect to our pension plans could increase significantly based on the investment and actuarial performance of those plans, the insolvency of other companies that contribute to those plans (in the case of multiemployer plans), and other factors. 
 We maintain a workforce based upon current and anticipated workloads. We could incur significant costs and reduced profitability from underutilization of our workforce if we do not receive future contract awards, if contract awards are delayed, or if there is a significant reduction in the level of services we provide. Shortages of skilled labor could impede our ability to provide timely, cost-effective services to our customers. 
 Our estimates of future performance and results of operations depend, among other factors, on whether and when we receive new contract awards, which affect the extent to which we are able to utilize our workforce. The rate at which we utilize our workforce is affected by a variety of factors, including our ability to forecast the need for our services, our ability to maintain an appropriately sized workforce, our ability to transition employees from completed projects to new projects or between internal business groups, our ability to manage attrition, and our need to devote resources to non-chargeable activities such as training or business development. While our estimates are based upon our good faith judgment, professional knowledge and experience, these estimates may not be accurate and may frequently change based on newly available information. In the case of large-scale projects where timing is often uncertain, it is particularly difficult to predict whether and when we will receive a contract award. The uncertainty of contract award timing can present difficulties in matching our workforce size to our project needs. If an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we could incur significant costs and reduced profitability resulting from underutilization of our workforce, redundancy of facilities, or from efforts to right-size our workforce and/or operations, which could reduce our profitability and cash flows. Conversely, we have in the past, and may from time to time in the future, face a shortage of skilled workers. Any significant deterioration in employee relations, shortages of labor or increases in labors costs at any of our businesses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Competition in the market for labor could drive up our costs, reduce our profitability, or impact our ability to deliver timely service to our customers. 
 Risks Related to Our Customer Base 
 We serve customers who are involved in energy exploration, production and transportation, and adverse developments affecting activities in these industries, reduced demand for oil and natural gas products, or increased regulation of exploration and production, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Our energy and infrastructure businesses depend on energy industry participants willingness to make operating and capital expenditures to build pipelines to transport oil and natural gas and the development and production of oil and natural gas in the United States. The level of activity in the new construction of oil and natural gas pipelines, oil and natural gas exploration and production in the U.S. has been volatile. A reduction in these activities generally results in decreased demand for our support services in that industry. Therefore, if these expenditures decline, our business is likely to be adversely affected. 
 19 

A portion of our expected future growth is based on the ability and willingness of public and private entities to invest in infrastructure. 
 A portion of our current business and a portion of our future growth is expected to result from public and private investments in infrastructure. As a result, reduced or delayed spending, including the impact of government sequestration programs or other changes in budget priorities could result in the deferral, delay or disruption of our projects. These potential events could also impact our ability to be timely paid for our current services, which could adversely affect our cash flows and margins. 
 Risks Related to Our Occupational Hazards 
 Our businesses at times perform services under challenging conditions involving factors outside of our control. 
 The challenging conditions we encounter in our projects may include, without limitation, (i) hard to reach terrain and difficult site conditions; (ii) challenging engineering, procurement and construction phases, which may occur over extended time periods; (iii) difficulties or delays in designs or materials provided by the customer or a third party; (iv) equipment and material delivery delays; (v) schedule changes; (vi) delays from customer failure to timely obtain rights-of-way; (vii) weather-related delays, (viii) COVID-19-related changes to working conditions or disruptions; and (ix) delays by subcontractors in completing their portion of the project. Such conditions can result in project delays or cancellations, potentially causing us to incur unanticipated costs, reductions in revenue or the payment of liquidated damages. In addition, some of our contracts require that we assume the risk should actual site conditions vary from those expected. 
 In some cases, delays and additional costs may be substantial, and we may be required to cancel a project and/or compensate the customer for the delay. We may not be able to recover any of such costs. Any such delays, cancellations, errors or other failures to meet customer expectations could result in damage claims substantially in excess of the revenue associated with a project. Delays or cancellations could also negatively affect our reputation or relationships with our customers, which could adversely affect our ability to secure new contracts. 
 Our business is subject to operational hazards due to the nature of services we provide and the conditions in which we operate, including electricity, fires, explosions, mechanical failures and weather-related incidents. 
 We are subject to occupational and safety laws in each of the countries in which we operate, including for example in the U.S., the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended OSH Act ), in France, the Health and Safety at Work Code HSW Code ), and in the U.K., the Health and Safety At Work Act HSW Act ). These laws and their implementing regulations establish certain employer responsibilities, including maintenance of a workplace free of recognized hazards likely to cause death or serious injury, compliance with standards promulgated by OSHA and various recordkeeping, disclosure and procedural requirements. Various standards, including standards for notices of hazards and safety, may apply to our operations. We incur capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the ordinary course of business in complying with the OSH Act, the HSW Code, the HSW Act, and other state and local laws and regulations, and could incur penalties and fines in the future, including, in extreme cases, criminal sanctions. However, we have experienced no material penalties and fines to date. 
 While we invest substantial resources in occupational health and safety programs, the industries in which we operate involve a high degree of operational risk, and there can be no assurance that we will avoid significant liability. Although we have taken what we believe to be appropriate precautions, we have had employee injuries and fatalities in the past and may suffer additional injuries or fatalities in the future. Serious accidents of this nature may subject us to substantial penalties, civil litigation or criminal prosecution. Personal injury claims for damages, including for bodily injury or loss of life, could result in substantial costs and liabilities, which could materially and adversely affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, if our safety record were to deteriorate, or if we suffered substantial penalties or criminal prosecution for violation of health and safety regulations, customers could cancel existing contracts and not award future business to us, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity, cash flows and results of operations. If we were not able to successfully resolve such issues, our ability to service our customers could be damaged, which could lead to a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our projects expose our employees to electrical lines and equipment, pipelines carrying potentially explosive or toxic materials, heavy equipment, transportation accidents, adverse weather conditions and the risk of damage to equipment and property from hazardous conditions such as working at heights. 
 20 

These hazards, among others, can cause personal injuries and loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment and other consequential damages and could lead to suspension of operations and large damage claims which could, in some cases, substantially exceed the amount we charge for the associated services. In addition, if serious accidents or fatalities occur, or if our safety records were to deteriorate, we may be restricted from proposing on certain work or obtaining new contracts, and certain existing contracts could be terminated. Our safety processes and procedures are monitored by various agencies and ratings bureaus. The occurrence of accidents in the course of our business could result in significant liabilities, employee turnover, increase the costs of our projects or harm our ability to perform under our contracts or enter into new customer contracts, all of which may subject us to liabilities, affect customer relationships, result in higher operating costs, negatively impact employee morale and result in higher employee turnover and could materially adversely affect our profitability and our financial condition. 
 Claims and Litigation Risks 
 We are and may become subject to periodic litigation which may adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 We are subject to various lawsuits, administrative proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. We could be party to class and collective actions, along with other complex legal disputes, that could materially impact our business by requiring, among other things, unanticipated management attention, significant attorney fees and settlement spend, or operational adjustments implemented in response to a settlement, court order or to mitigate future exposure. In addition, if we do not meet our contractual obligations, our customers may seek action against us to pursue remedies, which may include payment of liquidated damages and reimbursement from us to cover the incremental cost of having a third party complete or remediate our work. 
 We may have litigation in a variety of matters, some matters may be unpredictable or unanticipated, and the frequency and severity of litigation could increase. Because lawsuits are inherently unpredictable, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgements about future events. A judgement that is not covered by insurance or that is significantly in excess of our insurance coverage could materially adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 We are exposed to workmanship warranty, casualty, negligence, construction defect, breach of contract, product liability, and other claims and legal proceedings. 
 From time to time, we are subject to workmanship warranty, casualty, negligence, construction defect, breach of contract, product liability, and other claims and legal proceedings relating to the products we install that, if adversely determined, could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We rely on manufacturers and other suppliers to provide us with most of the products we install. Because we do not have direct control over the quality of such products manufactured or supplied by such third-party suppliers, we are exposed to risks relating to the quality of such products including the potential to be impacted by product recalls. In addition, we are exposed to potential claims arising from the conduct of our employees, and other subcontractors, for which we may be contractually liable. 
 We have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to liabilities in connection with injury, death, or damage incurred in conjunction with our installation of products or provision of services regarding the inspection, maintenance or monitoring of products and systems installed by us or others. Although we currently maintain what we believe to be suitable and adequate insurance, we may be unable to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms or such insurance may not provide adequate protection against potential liabilities. 
 Such claims and legal proceedings can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. In addition, lawsuits relating to construction defects typically have statutes of limitations that can run as long as twelve years in some jurisdictions such as the U.K. Claims of this nature could also have a negative impact on customer confidence in our businesses and services. Current or future claims could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 21 

We are and may become subject to periodic regulatory proceedings, including Fair Labor Standards Act FLSA and state wage and hour class action lawsuits, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 Pending and future wage and hour litigation, including claims relating to the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act, analogous state laws, or other state wage and hour laws could result in significant attorney fees and settlement costs. Resolution of non-litigated alleged wage and hour violations could also negatively impact our performance. The potential settlement of, or awards of damages for, such claims also could materially impact our financial performance as could operational adjustments implemented in response to a settlement, court order or in an effort to mitigate future exposure. Additionally, an increased volume of alleged statutory violations or matters referred to an agency for potential resolution could result in significant attorney fees and settlement costs that could, in the aggregate, materially impact our financial condition. 
 Risks Related to the Industries in Which We Operate 
 We have significant operations in highly competitive markets, and our failure to effectively compete could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance. 
 The safety services industry is highly fragmented, and we compete with other companies in each of the markets in which we operate, ranging from small independent firms servicing local markets to larger firms servicing regional and national markets. We also compete with existing and prospective customers who perform some of the services we offer, which could reduce the amount of services we perform for our customers. There are relatively few barriers to entry for certain of the services we provide and, as a result, any organization that has adequate financial resources and access to technical expertise and skilled personnel may become a competitor. Further, smaller competitors are more susceptible to consolidation. Consolidation of smaller entities could create larger national competitors which could adversely affect our business or profitability. 
 Certain of our customers work is awarded through proposal processes on a project-by-project basis. In connection with such project-based work, price is often a significant factor that determines whether we are awarded the project, especially on smaller, less complex projects. Smaller competitors may have an advantage against us based on price alone due to their lower costs and financial return requirements. Generally, it is difficult to predict whether and when we will be awarded a new contract due to lengthy and complex bidding and selection processes, changes in existing or forecasted market conditions, customers access to financing, governmental regulations, permitting and environmental matters. Additionally, our proposals for certain projects may depend on customer perception, including our perceived relative ability to perform the work as compared to our competitors or a customer s perception of technological advantages held by our competitors as well as other factors. Our market share and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in proposing on projects or renewing our master service agreements, or if our ability to be awarded such projects or agreements requires that we accept less desirable terms, including lower margins. Furthermore, because we derive revenue from projects awards that are subject to these uncertainties, our results of operations and cash flows can fluctuate materially from period to period. 
 Our businesses are impacted by levels of construction activity and an economic downturn in that industry could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 The demand for our services including without limitation, safety services, electrical utility transmission buildouts, grid connections, pipeline construction, and general construction is impacted by the demand for construction projects across multiple markets including energy and infrastructure, commercial, and industrial. Any period of economic recession affecting the volume or size of those projects is likely to adversely impact our business. Many of the projects that require our services involve long timelines from conception to completion, and many of the services that we offer are required later in the project s lifecycle. Consequently, some of our businesses experience the results of economic trends later in an economic cycle. 
 The construction industry and individual markets within that industry have historically been vulnerable to macroeconomic downturns and we expect that will continue to be the case. The industry is traditionally cyclical in nature and economic downturns can adversely affect the willingness and ability of our customers to commit to capital expenditures. Such a decline would likely reduce the demand for certain of our services. 
 22 

The industries we serve can be seasonal, cyclical and affected by weather conditions at project sites and other variations, the combined effects of which can potentially delay cash flows and adversely impact our results of operations. 
 Our revenue and results of operations can be subject to seasonal and other variations. These deviations are influenced by various factors, including weather, customer spending patterns, proposal seasons, project schedules, holidays, and timing, in particular, for large, non-recurring projects. In particular, many of the construction projects in North America that demand our services include significant outdoor work. As a result, seasonal changes and adverse weather conditions can adversely affect our business operations through declines in demand for our services and alterations and delays in applicable schedules. Adverse weather conditions can reduce demand for our services and reduce sales or render our contracting operations less efficient resulting in under-utilization of crews and equipment and lower contract profitability. 
 Furthermore, the industries we serve can be cyclical in nature. Fluctuations in end-user demand within those industries, or in the supply of services within those industries, can affect demand for our services. As a result, our business may be adversely affected by industry declines or by delays in new projects. Variations or unanticipated changes in project schedules in connection with large projects can create fluctuations in revenue and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 A failure in the systems we construct and install, whether due to employee acts or omissions or faulty workmanship or design, may subject us to significant liability. 
 Our business involves professional judgments regarding the planning, design, development, construction, operations and management of electric power transmission, communications and pipeline infrastructure. Because our projects are often technically complex, our failure to make judgments and recommendations in accordance with applicable professional standards, including engineering standards, could result in damages. A significantly adverse or catastrophic event at a project site or completed project resulting from the services we performed could result in significant professional or product liability, personal injury (including claims for loss of life) or property damage claims or other claims against us, as well as reputational harm. These liabilities could exceed our insurance limits or applicable indemnification rights and could impact our ability to obtain third-party insurance in the future. In addition, customers, subcontractors or suppliers who have agreed to indemnify us against any such liabilities or losses might refuse or be unable to pay us. An uninsured claim, either in part or in whole, if successful and of a material magnitude, could have a substantial impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Because many of our services are intended to protect lives and real and personal property (e.g., alarm and fire safety systems, products and monitoring services) and many of our businesses perform services at large projects and industrial facilities where accidents or system failures could be disastrous and costly, we may have greater exposure to litigation risks than businesses that provide other services, whether as a result of employee acts or omissions, faulty construction or system failures. In the event of litigation, it is possible that any contract limitation provisions may be deemed inapplicable or unenforceable, that our insurance coverage is insufficient or that insurers may deny coverage of our claims. Any claim, regardless of its merit or eventual outcome, could result in substantial costs, divert management s attention and create negative publicity, particularly for claims relating to environmental matters where the amount of the claim could be extremely large. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If a customer or third party believes that he or she has suffered harm to person or property due to an actual or alleged act or omission of one or more of our employees, faulty construction, or a failure of a system we installed or maintained, then they may pursue legal action against us. 
 Under our contracts with customers, we may guarantee the work performed against, among other things, defects in workmanship, and we may agree to indemnify our customers for losses related to our services and materials. As much of the work we perform is inspected by our customers for any defects in construction prior to acceptance of the project, the claims that we have historically received have not been substantial. Additionally, materials used in construction are often provided by the customer or are warranted against defects by the supplier. If customer claims occur, we generally would be obligated to re-perform the services and/or repair or replace the item and any other facilities impacted thereby, at our sole expense, and we could also be responsible for other damages if we are not able to adequately satisfy customer claims. In addition, we may be required under contractual arrangements with our customers to honor any defects or failures in materials we provide. While we generally require the materials suppliers to provide us warranties or indemnification that are consistent with those we provide to our customers, if any of these suppliers default on their obligations to us, we may incur costs to repair or replace the defective materials. Costs incurred as a result of claims could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 23 

Our failure to comply with environmental laws could result in significant liabilities and increased environmental regulations could result in increased costs. 
 We often perform services in and around environmentally-sensitive areas. These areas include underground environments and areas in proximity to rivers, lakes, and wetlands. Likewise, we perform directional drilling operations below certain environmentally-sensitive terrains and water bodies. It is possible that such directional drilling may cause a surface fracture, resulting in the release of subsurface materials. These subsurface materials may contain contaminants in excess of amounts permitted by law, potentially exposing us to remediation costs and fines. 
 Our work may also cause unanticipated environmental damage or risks to employees, customers, or public health. If the field location maps supplied to us are not accurate, or if objects are present in the soil that are not indicated on the field location maps, our underground work could strike objects in the soil, some of which may contain pollutants. These objects may also rupture, resulting in the discharge of pollutants. In such circumstances, we may be liable for fines and damages, and we may be unable to obtain reimbursement from the parties providing the incorrect information. Additionally, we own and lease several facilities at which we store our equipment. Some of these facilities contain fuel storage tanks that are above or below ground. If these tanks were to leak, we could be responsible for the cost of remediation as well as potential fines. 
 This work subjects us to various environmental laws and regulations, including those dealing with the handling and disposal of waste products, PCBs, industrial chemicals, fuel storage, water quality and air quality. New laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or leaks, the discovery of previously unknown risks of materials or chemicals, or the imposition of new clean-up requirements could require us to incur significant costs or become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. For example, in August 2022, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA issued a proposal that, if enacted, would designate two types of per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances PFAS as hazardous substances, which could lead to legal claims or other liabilities. 
 In certain instances, we have obtained indemnification or covenants from third parties (including predecessors or lessors) for such clean-up and other obligations and liabilities. However, such third-party indemnities or covenants may not cover all of our costs and the indemnitors may not pay amounts owed to us, and such unanticipated obligations or liabilities, or future obligations and liabilities, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, we cannot be certain that we will be able to identify or be indemnified for all potential environmental liabilities relating to any acquired business. 
 Certain of our businesses are party to personal injury litigation and could be named as defendants in similar cases in the future related to our use or disposal of hazardous materials, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Certain of our businesses, along with numerous other third parties, are named as defendants in personal injury lawsuits based on alleged exposure to various hazardous materials, including asbestos and PFAS. Hazardous materials that are the subject of these lawsuits could in the future include, among others, asbestos, PFAS, silica or solvents that may be or may have been previously used in the course of our work. These cases typically involve product liability claims based primarily on allegations of sale, distribution, installation or use of industrial products that either contained hazardous materials or were used with hazardous material containing components. Allegations of the presence of or exposure to these types of hazardous materials could be the basis of additional third-party claims and lawsuits. It is uncertain whether we will be successful in litigating or otherwise resolving these types of claims and lawsuits in the future and we continue to evaluate different strategies related to claims filed against us. Unfavorable rulings, judgments or settlement terms in future cases could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 24 

Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure and Ownership of Our Stock 
 We operate as a holding company and our principal source of operating cash is income received from our subsidiaries. 
 We have a holding company structure and do not have any material assets or operations other than ownership of equity interests of our subsidiaries. Our operations are conducted almost entirely through our subsidiaries, and our ability to generate cash to meet our obligations or to pay dividends is highly dependent on the earnings of, and receipt of funds from, our subsidiaries through dividends or intercompany loans. As a result, we are dependent on the income generated by our subsidiaries to meet our expenses and operating cash requirements. The amount of distributions and dividends, if any, which may be paid from APG and its subsidiaries to us will depend on many factors, including APG s results of operations and consolidated financial condition, its constitutional documents, documents governing any indebtedness of us or APG, limits on dividends under applicable law, and other factors which may be outside of our control. If our subsidiaries are unable to generate sufficient cash flow, we may be unable to pay our expenses or make distributions and dividends on the common stock. In addition, to the extent we intend to pay dividends on our common stock, we will pay such dividends at such times (if any) and in such amounts (if any) as the Board determines appropriate. 
 We have equity instruments outstanding that would require us to issue additional shares of common stock. Therefore, you may experience significant dilution of your ownership interests and the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock, or the anticipation of such issuances, could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 
 We have 4,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 800,000 shares of our 5.5 Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock ), which are convertible into shares of our common stock, at any time at the option of the holder. We will be obligated to pay dividends on our 4,000,000 outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock based on the market price of our common stock if such market price exceeds certain trading price minimums and we are obligated to pay dividends on our 800,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock on a quarterly basis at 5.5 per annum. These dividends are payable in cash or shares of our common stock, at our sole option. The issuance of common stock pursuant to the terms of the Preferred Stock will reduce (by the applicable proportion) the percentage stockholdings of those stockholders holding common stock prior to such issuance which may reduce your net return on your investment in our common stock. 
 In addition, we have various outstanding equity awards to employees and directors under the APi Group Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2022, we had 13,574,813 shares of common stock available under this Plan. 
 We may also issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common stock in connection with future acquisitions, future issuances of our securities for capital raising purposes or for other business purposes. For example, in September 2021, we issued 22,716,049 shares of common stock in an underwritten public offering for capital raising purposes. Future sales by us of substantial amounts of our common stock, or the perception that sales could occur, could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 We may issue preferred stock in the future, and the terms of the preferred stock may reduce the value of our common stock. 
 Under the terms of our certificate of incorporation, our Board of Directors is authorized to create and issue one or more additional series of preferred stock, and, with respect to each series, to determine number of shares constituting the series and the designations and the powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, which may include dividend rights, conversion or exchange rights, voting rights, redemption rights and terms and liquidation preferences, without stockholder approval. If we create and issue one or more additional series of preferred stock, it could affect your rights or reduce the value of our outstanding common stock. Our Board of Directors could, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our common stock and which could have certain anti-takeover effects. For example, in connection with the Chubb Acquisition, in January 2022 we issued shares of Series B Preferred Stock which have quarterly dividend rights and are convertible into common stock. 
 25 

Delaware law and our organizational documents contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions, which limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the Delaware General Corporate Law DGCL ), contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our Board of Directors and therefore depress the trading price of our common stock. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of our Board of Directors or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our Board of Directors or management. 
 In addition, Section 203 of the DGCL restricts certain business combinations with interested stockholders for three years following the date that a person becomes an interested stockholder unless: (1) the business combination or the transaction which caused the person or entity to become an interested stockholder is approved by the Board of Directors prior to such business combination or transactions; (2) upon the completion of the transaction in which the person or entity becomes an interested stockholder, such interested stockholder holds at least 85 of our voting stock not including (i) shares held by officers and directors and (ii) shares held by employee benefit plans under certain circumstances; or (3) at or after the person or entity becomes an interested stockholder, the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors and holders of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock, excluding shares held by such interested stockholder. A Delaware corporation may elect not to be governed by Section 203. We have not made such an election. 
 Our stockholders may be required to bring certain actions or proceedings relating to us in the Delaware Court of Chancery and certain actions asserting claims arising under the Securities Act in the federal district courts of the United States. 
 Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Delaware Court of Chancery is the sole and exclusive forum for: (1) derivative actions or proceedings brought on behalf of us; (2) actions asserting a claim of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or employees to us or our stockholders; (3) civil actions to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or (4) actions asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Under our certificate of incorporation, if the Delaware Court of Chancery lacks jurisdiction over any of the foregoing actions or proceedings, then the sole and exclusive forum for such actions or proceedings will be another state or federal court located in the State of Delaware, as long as such court has jurisdiction over the parties. These Delaware forum provisions require our stockholders to bring certain types of actions and proceedings relating to Delaware law in the Delaware Court of Chancery or another state or federal court located in the State of Delaware and therefore may prevent our stockholders from bringing such actions or proceedings in another court that a stockholder may view as more convenient, cost-effective or advantageous to the stockholder or the claims made in such action or proceeding, or may discourage them from bringing such actions or proceedings. 
 In addition, pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the U.S. federal district courts will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any action asserting a claim arising under the Securities Act. This forum provision prevents our stockholders from bringing claims arising under the Securities Act in state court, which court our stockholders may view as more convenient, cost effective or advantageous to the claims made in such action and therefore may discourage such actions. In addition, while the Delaware Supreme Court has recently upheld provisions of the certificates of incorporation of other Delaware corporations that are similar to this forum provision, a court of a state other than the State of Delaware could decide that such provisions are not enforceable under the laws of that state. 
 Neither the Delaware nor the Securities Act forum provisions are intended by us to limit the forums available to our stockholders for actions or proceedings asserting claims arising under the Exchange Act. 
 Our stock price may be volatile and, as a result, you could lose a significant portion or all of your investment. 
 The market price of our common stock on the NYSE may fluctuate as a result of several factors, including the following: 
 our operating and financial performance and prospects; 

variations in our quarterly operating results or those of other companies in our industries; 

volatility in our industries, the industries of our customers and suppliers and the securities markets; 

risks relating to our businesses and industries, including those discussed above; 

26 

strategic actions by us or our competitors; 

damage to our reputation, including as a result of issues relating to the quality or safety of the services we provide and systems we install; 

actual or expected changes in our growth rates or our competitors growth rates; 

investor perception of us, the industries in which we operate, the investment opportunity associated with the common stock and our future performance; 

addition to or departure of our executive officers; 

changes in financial estimates or publication of research reports by analysts regarding our common stock, other comparable companies, or our industries generally, or termination of coverage of our common stock by analysts; 

our failure to meet estimates or forecasts made by analysts, if any; 

trading volume of our common stock; 

future sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 

economic, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; 

adverse or new pending litigation against us; or 

issuance of future annual Series A Preferred Stock dividends and quarterly Series B Preferred Stock dividends which are intended to be settled in common stock. 

Furthermore, the stock markets often experience significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions or interest rate changes may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 General Risk Factors 
 In the event of a cybersecurity incident, we could experience operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, become subject to legal or regulatory proceedings or suffer damage to our reputation. 
 In addition to the disruptions that may occur from interruptions in our information technology systems, cybersecurity threats and sophisticated and targeted cyberattacks pose a risk to our information technology systems and the systems that we design and install. We have established security policies, processes and defenses designed to help identify and protect against intentional and unintentional misappropriation or corruption of our information technology systems, disruption of our operations or the secure operation of the systems we install. Despite these efforts, our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by unauthorized access, malicious software, computer viruses, undetected intrusion, hardware failures or other events, and in these circumstances our disaster recovery plans may be ineffective or inadequate. These breaches or intrusions could lead to business interruption, exposure of proprietary or confidential information, data corruption, damage to our reputation, exposure to legal and regulatory proceedings and other costs. Such events could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we could be adversely affected if any of our significant customers or suppliers experiences any similar events that disrupt their business operations or damage their reputation. We maintain monitoring practices and protections of our information technology to reduce these risks and test our systems on an ongoing basis for potential threats. There can be no assurance, however, that our efforts will prevent the risk of a security breach of our databases or systems that could adversely affect our business. 
 27 

Data privacy, identity protection and information security compliance may require significant resources and presents certain risks. 
 We maintain confidential data and information (inclusive of personal data and third-party confidential information) in the normal course of our business. We also maintain personal data, including sensitive types of data such as audio recordings of telephone calls and video images and footage of customer sites and personnel. We also partner with third-party data processors that collect, store, have access to and otherwise process such confidential data and information on our behalf. This confidential data and information is subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations and/or customer-imposed requirements. Despite our efforts to protect that data, our business and systems may be vulnerable to material security breaches, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming errors, or errors that could potentially lead to compromising such data, improper use of our systems, software solutions or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information and operational disruptions. A significant actual or perceived risk of theft, loss, fraudulent use or misuse of customer, employee or other data, whether by us, our suppliers, vendors, customers or other third parties, as a result of employee error or malfeasance, or as a result of the imaging, software, security and other products we incorporate into the products we install or the services we provide, as well as non-compliance with applicable industry standards or our contractual or other legal obligations or privacy and information-security policies regarding such data, could result in costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions, or could lead customers to seek the services of our competitors. In addition, any such event could harm our reputation, cause unfavorable publicity or otherwise adversely affect certain potential customers perception of the security and reliability of our services and the products we install as well as our credibility and reputation, which could result in lost revenues. Furthermore, we operate in an environment in which there are different and potentially conflicting data privacy laws in effect in the various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, we must understand and comply with each law and standard in each of these jurisdictions while ensuring the data is secure and we could be subject to potentially substantial fines and penalties for non-compliance for major breach, theft or loss of personal data. For example, under the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and U.K. General Data Protection Regulation UK GDPR companies must meet certain requirements regarding the handling of personal data or face penalties of up to 4 of worldwide revenue. Furthermore, the collection and safeguarding of personal information has increasingly attracted enhanced scrutiny from the general public in the United States, which has resulted in additional actual and proposed legislative and regulatory rules at the federal and state levels (e.g., the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and California s Proposition 24 of 2020). Government enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and violations of data privacy laws can result in fines, reputational damage and civil lawsuits, any of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial results. 
 The E.U.-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks were developed to allow the free flow of personal data to U.S. companies from the E.U. and Switzerland. The E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield was declared invalid in 2021 as a consequence of the Schrems II decision of the Court of Justice of the E.U. In consequence, the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner issued a statement arguing that the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield is no longer regarded as providing an adequate level of date protection for transfers of personal data from Switzerland to the U.S. The European Commission and the U.S. government are currently involved in negotiations on a potential successor arrangement for the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield. The uncertainty this brings, together with the potential for future additional compliance obligations, could cause us to incur costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business, and failure to comply could result in significant penalties that may adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. 
 Changes in accounting principles may cause unexpected fluctuations in our reported financial information. 
 Accounting rules and regulations are subject to review and interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB ), the SEC and various other governing bodies. A change in GAAP could have a significant effect on our reported financial results. Additionally, the adoption of new or revised accounting principles could require that we make significant changes to our systems, processes and controls. We cannot predict the effect of future changes to accounting principles, which could have a significant effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The loss of key senior management personnel or the failure to hire and retain highly skilled personnel could negatively affect our business. 
 We depend on our senior management and other key personnel to operate our businesses. We also rely on other highly skilled personnel. Competition for qualified personnel in our industries, especially with respect to specialized projects or unique skill sets in applicable trades, is intense. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees or the inability to identify, hire, train, retain, and manage skilled personnel, could harm our business. 
 28 

Increases in healthcare costs could adversely affect our financial results. 
 The costs of providing employee medical benefits have steadily increased over a number of years due to, among other things, rising healthcare costs and legislative requirements. Because of the complex nature of healthcare laws, as well as periodic healthcare reform legislation adopted by Congress, state legislatures, and municipalities, we cannot predict with certainty the future effect of these laws on our healthcare costs. Continued increases in healthcare costs or additional costs created by future health care reform laws adopted by Congress, state legislatures, or municipalities could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. 
 We are subject to many laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and changes to such laws and regulations may result in additional costs and impact our operations. 
 We are committed to upholding the highest standards of corporate governance and legal compliance. We are subject to many laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We expect to be subject to various laws and regulations that apply specifically to U.S. public companies. These include the rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as the various regulations, standards and guidance put forth by the SEC and other governmental agencies to implement those laws. New laws, rules and regulations, or changes to existing laws or their interpretations, could create added legal and financial costs and uncertainty for us. In addition, our international operations are subject to laws and regulations that are in some cases different from those of the United States, including labor laws and laws and regulations governing information collected from employees, customers and others, including without limitation GDPR. These laws and regulations, and the economic, financial, political and regulatory impact of the U.K. s decision to leave the European Union, could increase the cost and complexity of doing business in the U.K. and negatively impact our financial position and results of operations. 
 ITEM 1B. U NRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We own our corporate headquarters in New Brighton, Minnesota and own and lease other facilities globally where we conduct business. Our facilities are utilized for operations in our reportable segments and include offices, warehouses, storage, fabrication manufacturing, maintenance shops, and training and educational facilities. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 55 facilities and leased approximately 515 facilities in the U.S., France, the United Kingdom, Australia, the Netherlands, and over 15 other countries. We believe that our existing facilities are sufficient for our current needs. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are subject to workmanship warranty, casualty, negligence, construction defect, breach of contract, product liability, wage and hour, and other claims and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business relating to the products we install that, if adversely determined, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Information regarding mine safety violations and other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95.1 to this Annual Report. 
 29 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market and Dividend Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under symbol APG. 
 Common Stock 
 As of February 22, 2023, there were 15 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 We have historically not paid cash dividends and do not currently anticipate paying a cash dividend on our common stock. We intend to retain future earnings for reinvestment. Our Board of Directors will make any future determination as to the payment of dividends at its discretion, and this determination will depend upon our operating results, financial condition and capital requirements, general business conditions and such other factors that the Board of Directors considers relevant. In addition, our Credit Agreement (as later defined), in certain situations, prohibits us from paying cash dividends or making other distributions on our common stock without prior consent of the lender. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 The holders of our Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive quarterly dividends in cash or (subject to the satisfactions of certain conditions) shares of our common stock, at our sole option (which we intend to settle in shares). Quarterly dividends were paid to those holders in shares of common stock for each quarter of 2022. Refer to Note 18 Shareholders Equity to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On March 9, 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program SRP to purchase up to an aggregate of 250 million of shares of our common stock. Acquisitions pursuant to the SRP may be made from time to time through a combination of open market repurchases in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated share repurchase transactions, and/or other derivative transactions, at our discretion, as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. In connection with the SRP, we may enter into Rule 10b5-1 trading plans which would generally permit us to repurchase shares at times when we might otherwise be prevented from doing so under the securities laws. The SRP will expire on February 29, 2024 unless otherwise modified or earlier terminated by our Board of Directors at any time in its sole discretion. During 2022, we repurchased 2,505,723 shares for approximately 44 million under the SRP, leaving approximately 206 million of authorized repurchases. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information about the Company s purchases of equity securities during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 

During the Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 

Average Price Paid Per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) 

October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 

November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 

December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 

554,391 

18.74 

554,391 

206 

Total 

554,391 

18.74 

554,391 

206 

1. See Stock Repurchase Program above for additional information regarding the SRP. 

30 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph summarizes the cumulative return on 100 invested in APG s common stock, the S P 500, the Russell 2000 Stock Index, and the common stock of a selected peer group of companies if invested on October 1, 2019, the date of the acquisition of APi Group (the APi Acquisition ), until December 31, 2022. Because our services are diverse across our operating segments, APG does not believe that any single published industry index is appropriate for comparing shareholder return. Therefore, the peer group used in the performance graph combines publicly traded companies that have similar characteristics as one or more of APG s segments. The returns of each company in the peer group are weighted based on the market capitalization of that company at the beginning of the measurement period. The stock price performance shown in the graphs is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 

(1) Peer group includes Cintas Corporation, Comfort Systems USA, Inc., EMCOR Group Inc., Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., Johnson Controls International plc, MasTec Inc., Otis Worldwide, and Quanta Services, Inc. 

Carrier has been removed from the Company's peer group after the Chubb Acquisition given it is no longer a comparable peer. This change had no material impact on the peer group data reflected in the table above. 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 31 

ITEM 7. M ANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following is a discussion and year-to-year comparisons of APG s financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements sections of this Annual Report, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 Overview 
 We are a global, market-leading business services provider of safety and specialty services in over 500 locations worldwide. We provide statutorily mandated and other contracted services to a strong base of long-standing customers across industries. We have a winning leadership culture driven by entrepreneurial business leaders that deliver innovative solutions to our customers. 
 We focus on growing our recurring revenues and repeat business from our diversified long-standing customers across a variety of end markets, which we believe provides us with stable cash flows and a platform for organic growth. We believe maintenance and service revenues are generally more predictable through contractual arrangements with typical terms ranging from days to three years, with the majority having short durations and are often recurring due to consistent renewal rates and long-standing customer relationships. 
 Certain Factors and Trends Affecting our Results of Operations 
 Acquisitions 
 On January 3, 2022, we completed the Chubb Acquisition. The total net consideration for the Chubb Acquisition was 2,893 million for the stock purchase of the Chubb business. The Chubb business is a globally recognized fire safety and security services provider, offering customers complete and reliable services from design and installation to monitoring and on-going maintenance and recurring services. The Chubb business is a core asset within our Safety Services segment which we expect will provide meaningful opportunities for future value creation through providing complementary revenue growth by expanding our opportunities for cross-selling products and services across our key end markets. 
 For additional information about our acquisition activity, see Note 4 Business Combinations to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 Restructuring 
 In the second quarter of fiscal year 2022, we announced our multi-year Chubb restructuring program designed to drive efficiencies and synergies and optimize operating margin. The Chubb restructuring program includes expenses related to workforce reductions, lease termination costs, and other facility rationalization costs over the next three years. 
 Since the Chubb Acquisition, we have incurred pre-tax restructuring costs within the Safety Services segment of 30 million in connection with the Chubb restructuring program. In total, we estimate that we will recognize approximately 105 million of restructuring costs related to the Chubb restructuring program by the end of fiscal year 2024. 
 Of the 30 million recognized to date, 7 million was recorded in cost of revenues and 23 million in selling, general, and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The amounts recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022 relate to costs associated with workforce reductions. 
 For additional information about our restructuring activity, see Note 5 Restructuring to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 32 

Resegmentation 
 We have combined the leadership responsibility and full accountability for our Industrial Services and Specialty Services operating segments. As a result, beginning in 2022, the information for our legacy Industrial Services segment was combined with the legacy Specialty Services segment to form a new operating and reportable segment called Specialty Services. Accordingly, we present financial information for the Safety Services and Specialty Services segments, our two operating segments and also our reportable segments. Our chief operating decision maker regularly reviews financial information to allocate resources and assess performance utilizing these reorganized segments. 
 Certain prior year amounts have been recast to conform to the current year presentation and the information in the tables below has been retroactively adjusted to reflect these changes in reporting segments. 
 Economic, Industry and Market Factors 
 We closely monitor the effects of general changes in economic and market conditions on our customers. General economic and market conditions can negatively affect demand for our customers products and services, which can affect their planned capital and maintenance budgets in certain end markets. Market, regulatory, and industry factors could affect demand for our services. Availability of transportation and transmission capacity and fluctuations in market prices for energy and other fuel sources can also affect demand for our services for pipeline and power generation construction services. These fluctuations, as well as the highly competitive nature of our industries, have resulted, and may continue to result, in lower proposals and lower profit on the services we provide. In the face of increased pricing pressure on key materials, such as steel, or other market developments, we strive to maintain our profit margins through productivity improvements, cost reduction programs, pricing adjustments, and business streamlining efforts. Increased competition for skilled labor resources and higher labor costs can reduce our profitability and impact our ability to deliver timely service to our customers. We have experienced supply chain disruptions, which have negatively impacted the source and supply of materials needed to perform our work. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted the availability of skilled labor resources, particularly in our international businesses, interrupting our ability to perform our services and execute our jobs. In addition, fluctuations in foreign currencies may have an impact on our financial position and results of operations. However, we believe that our exposure to transactional gains or losses resulting from changes in foreign currencies is limited because our foreign operations primarily invoice and collect receivables in their respective local or functional currencies, and the expenses associated with these transactions are generally contracted and paid for in the same local currencies. In cases where operational transactions represent a material currency risk, we generally enter into cross-currency swaps. Refer to Note 9 - Derivatives to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for additional information on our hedging activities. While we actively monitor economic, industry and market factors that could affect our business, we cannot predict the effect that changes in such factors may have on our future consolidated results of operations, liquidity and cash flows, and we may be unable to fully mitigate, or benefit from, such changes. 
 Description of Key Line Items 
 Net revenues 
 Net revenues are generated from the sale of various types of contracted services, fabrication, and distribution. We derive net revenues primarily from services under contractual arrangements with durations ranging from days to three years, with the majority having durations of less than six months, and which may provide the customer with pricing options that include a combination of fixed, unit, or time and material pricing. Net revenues for fixed price agreements are generally recognized over time using the cost-to-cost method of accounting which measures progress based on the cost incurred to total expected cost in satisfying our performance obligation. 
 Net revenues from time and material contracts are recognized as the services are provided. Net revenues earned are based on total contract costs incurred plus an agreed upon markup. Net revenues for these cost-plus contracts are recognized over time on an input basis as labor hours are incurred, materials are utilized, and services are performed. Net revenues from wholesale or retail unit sales are recognized at a point-in-time upon shipment. 
 Cost of revenues 
 Cost of revenues consists of direct labor, materials, subcontract costs, and indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs, and depreciation costs. Labor costs are considered to be incurred as the work is performed. Subcontractor labor is recognized as the work is performed. 
 33 

Gross profit 
 Our gross profit is influenced by direct labor, materials, and subcontract costs. Our profit margins are also influenced by raw material costs, contract mix, weather, and proper coordination with contract providers. Labor intensive contracts usually drive higher margins than those contracts that include material, subcontract, and equipment costs. 
 Selling, general, and administrative SG A expenses 
 Selling expenses consist primarily of compensation and associated costs for sales and marketing personnel, costs of advertising, trade shows, and corporate marketing. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and associated costs for executive management, personnel, facility leases, administrative expenses associated with accounting, finance, legal, information systems, leadership development, human resources, and risk management and overhead associated with these functions. General and administrative expenses also include outside professional fees and other corporate expenses. 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 Amortization expense reflects the charges incurred to amortize our finite-lived identifiable intangible assets, such as customer relationships, which are amortized over their estimated useful lives. There is a portion of amortization expense related to the backlog intangible assets reflected in cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, net 
 (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, net reflects the difference between the repurchase price and carrying amount of debt at the time of extinguishment. 
 Non-service pension benefit 
 Non-service pension benefit reflects the sum of the components of pension expense not related to service cost, i.e. interest cost, expected return on assets, and amortizations of prior service costs and actuarial gains and losses. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following is a discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following financial information has been extracted from our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net revenues 

6,558 

3,940 

2,618 

66.4 

Cost of revenues 

4,844 

3,001 

1,843 

61.4 

Gross profit 

1,714 

939 

775 

82.5 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses 

1,552 

803 

749 

93.3 

Operating income 

162 

136 

26 

19.1 

Interest expense, net 

125 

60 

65 

108.3 

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

(5) 

9 

(14) 

(155.6) 

Non-service pension benefit 

(42) 

(42) 
 
 NM 

Investment income and other, net 

(9) 

(12) 

3 

(25.0) 

Other expense, net 

69 

57 

12 

21.1 

Income before income taxes 

93 

79 

14 

17.7 

Income tax provision 

20 

32 

(12) 

(37.5) 

Net income 

73 

47 

26 

55.3 

34 

Year ended December 31, 2022 versus year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net revenues 
 Net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 6,558 million compared to 3,940 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2,618 million or 66.4 . The increase in net revenues was primarily attributable to revenues contributed by acquisitions completed within the Safety Services segment during the past twelve months. The increase in net revenues was also due to growth in inspection, service, and monitoring revenue, and our ability to pass through inflationary increases in costs through project pricing. 
 Gross profit 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Gross profit 

1,714 

939 

775 

82.5 

Gross margin 

26.1 

23.8 

Our gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,714 million compared to 939 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 775 million, or 82.5 . Gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 26.1 , an increase of 230 basis points compared to the prior year, primarily due to acquisitions completed within the Safety Services segment during the past twelve months. Additionally, the increase was driven by an improved mix of inspection, service, and monitoring revenue, which generates higher margins, and growth within the Safety Services segment. These improvements were partially offset by supply chain disruptions and inflation causing downward pressure on margins. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses 

1,552 

803 

749 

93.3 

SG A expenses as a of net revenues 

23.7 

20.4 

SG A expenses (excluding amortization) (Non-GAAP) 

1,355 

681 

674 

99.0 

SG A expenses (excluding amortization) as a of net revenues 

20.7 

17.3 

Operating margin 

2.5 

3.5 

Our SG A expenses were 1,552 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 803 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 749 million. SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 23.7 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 20.4 for the same period in 2021. The increase in SG A expenses was primarily driven by additional SG A expenses contributed by acquisitions completed in the prior twelve months. Also driving the increase was higher levels of spending associated with acquisitions, including integration, transition, and reorganization expenses and an increase in amortization expense of 75 million compared to the same period in 2021. Our SG A expenses excluding amortization for year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,355 million, or 20.7 of net revenues, compared to 681 million, or 17.3 of net revenues, for the same period of 2021 primarily due to the factors discussed above. See the discussion and reconciliation of our non-U.S. GAAP financial measures below. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense was 125 million and 60 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to increased debt related to the financing of the Chubb Acquisition and higher interest rates on our floating interest rate debt in the current year. 
 35 

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, net 
 During 2022, we repurchased 13 million and 23 million of the outstanding principal amount of the 4.125 Senior Notes and 4.750 Senior Notes, respectively (the Repurchases ). In connection with the Repurchases, we recognized a net gain on debt extinguishment of 5 million. During 2021, in connection with the repayment of the previously outstanding term loan and prepayment on a portion of the 1,200 million term loan incurred on October 1, 2019 (the 2019 Term Loan using proceeds from the private offering of 350 million aggregate principal amount of the 4.125 Senior Notes, we incurred a net loss on extinguishment of debt of 9 million related to unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 Non-service pension benefit 
 The non-service pension benefit was 42 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 solely due to the acquisition of pension plans as part of the Chubb Acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Investment income and other, net 
 Investment income and other, net was 9 million and 12 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decline in investment income and other, net was primarily due to 2 million in income in 2021 from COVID-19 relief programs at Canadian subsidiaries. 
 Income tax provision (benefit) 
 The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 22.0 compared to an effective tax rate of 40.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The income tax provision of 20 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was related to statutory tax, nondeductible transaction costs, limited executive compensation, and withholding taxes on foreign earnings. In comparison, during 2021, we had tax expense of 32 million on a profit before income taxes of 79 million. The decrease in tax expense from 2021 to 2022 was due to a 9 million benefit for withholding taxes on foreign earnings as we asserted permanent reinvestment of our foreign earnings in the first quarter of 2022. During 2020, we elected to defer the payment of 39 million of payroll taxes under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). Under this election, 19 million was paid on December 31, 2021 and another 19 million was paid on December 31, 2022. 
 Net income and EBITDA 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net income 

73 

47 

26 

55.3 

EBITDA (non-GAAP) 

522 

341 

181 

53.1 

Net income as a of net revenues 

1.1 

1.2 

EBITDA as a of net revenues 

8.0 

8.7 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 73 million compared to 47 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 26 million. The improvement is primarily attributable to additional revenue and profit contributed by acquisitions completed in the previous twelve months. The increase was also driven by an improved mix of inspection, service, and monitoring revenue. These increases in revenues were partially offset by increased acquisition and integration related expenses, increased interest costs associated with newly issued term loan debt, and increased amortization expense of 100 million. Net income as a percentage of net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1.1 and 1.2 , respectively. EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 522 million compared to 341 million for the same period in 2021, an increase of 181 million. The increase in EBITDA was primarily driven by the factors previously discussed. See the discussion and reconciliation of our non-U.S. GAAP financial measures below. 
 36 

Operating Segment Results 

Net Revenues 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Safety Services 

4,575 

2,080 

2,495 

120.0 

Specialty Services 

2,030 

1,907 

123 

6.4 

Corporate and Eliminations 

(47) 

(47) 

6,558 

3,940 

2,618 

66.4 

Operating Income (Loss) 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Safety Services 

256 

207 

49 

23.7 

Safety Services operating margin 

5.6 

10.0 

Specialty Services 

97 

78 

19 

24.4 

Specialty Services operating margin 

4.8 

4.1 

Corporate and Eliminations 

(191) 

(149) 

(42) 

28.2 

162 

136 

26 

19.1 

EBITDA 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change 

in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Safety Services 

492 

287 

205 

71.4 

Safety Services EBITDA as a of net revenues 

10.8 

13.8 

Specialty Services 

206 

205 

1 

0.5 

Specialty Services EBITDA as a of net revenues 

10.1 

10.7 

Corporate and Eliminations 

(176) 

(151) 

(25) 

16.6 

522 

341 

181 

53.1 

The following discussion breaks down the net revenues, operating income (loss), and EBITDA by operating segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Safety Services 
 Safety Services net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 4,575 million compared to 2,080 million during the same period in the prior year. The increase was primarily attributable to acquisitions completed in the past twelve months. The increase was also driven by increased inspection, service, and monitoring revenue within our Life Safety businesses. 
 Safety Services operating margin for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 5.6 and 10.0 , respectively. The decline was primarily driven by supply chain disruptions and inflation causing downward pressure on margins, and increased amortization expense of 101 million compared to the same period in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in inspection, service, and monitoring revenue. Safety Services EBITDA as a percentage of net revenues was 10.8 and 13.8 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change was primarily driven by the factors discussed above. 
 Specialty Services 
 Specialty Services net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 2,030 million and 1,907 million respectively. The increase was primarily attributable to increased activity in the specialty contracting, infrastructure, utility, and fabrication markets during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in the prior year. We have also been able to offset some of the inflationary increases in cost of revenues through strategic pricing improvements and contract negotiations, resulting in increased net revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period on the prior year. 
 37 

Specialty Services operating margin for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 4.8 and 4.1 , respectively. The improvement was primarily attributable to higher levels of productivity in the execution of specialty contracting work during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, margins increased due to growth in sales volumes. Comparatively, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we experienced margin contractions as a result of lower sales volumes but consistent indirect costs. These margin improvements were partially offset by supply chain disruptions and inflationary pressures on margins. Specialty Services EBITDA as a percentage of net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 10.1 and 10.7 , respectively, due to the factors discussed above. 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 versus year ended December 31, 2020 
 For a discussion of our 2021 results of operations, including a discussion of our financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Part I, Item 7, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We supplement our reporting of consolidated financial information determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP with SG A expenses (excluding amortization) and EBITDA (defined below), which are non-U.S. GAAP financial measures. We use these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures to evaluate our performance, both internally and as compared with our peers, because they exclude certain items that may not be indicative of our core operating results. Management believes these measures are useful to investors since they (a) permit investors to view our performance using the same tools that management uses to evaluate our past performance, reportable business segments and prospects for future performance, (b) permit investors to compare us with our peers, and (c) in the case of EBITDA, determines certain elements of management s incentive compensation. 
 These non-U.S. GAAP financial measures, however, have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation from, a substitute for, or superior to, the related financial information that we report in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The principal limitation of these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures is that they exclude significant expenses that are required by U.S. GAAP to be recorded in our financial statements and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in calculation methods. In addition, these measures are subject to inherent limitations as they reflect the exercise of judgment by management about which items are excluded or included in determining these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures. Investors are encouraged to review the following reconciliations of these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures and not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. 
 SG A expenses (excluding amortization) 
 SG A expenses (excluding amortization) is a measure of operating costs used by management to manage the business and its segments. We believe this non-U.S. GAAP measure provides meaningful information and helps investors understand our core selling, general, and administrative expenses excluding acquisition-related amortization expense to better enable investors to understand our financial results and assess our prospects for future performance. 
 The following tables present reconciliations of SG A expenses to SG A expenses (excluding amortization) for the periods indicated: 

Years Ended December 31, 

in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Reported SG A expenses 

1,552 

803 

Adjustments to reconcile to SG A expenses to SG A expenses (excluding amortization) 

Amortization expense 

(197) 

(122) 

SG A expenses (excluding amortization) 

1,355 

681 

38 

EBITDA 
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA is the measure of profitability used by management to manage its segments and, accordingly, in its segment reporting. We supplement the reporting of our consolidated financial information with EBITDA. We believe this non-U.S. GAAP measure provides meaningful information and helps investors understand our financial results and assess our prospects for future performance. Consolidated EBITDA is calculated in a manner consistent with segment EBITDA, which is a measure of segment profitability. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA for the periods indicated: 

Years Ended December 31, 

in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Reported net income 

73 

47 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to EBITDA: 

Interest expense, net 

125 

60 

Income tax provision 

20 

32 

Depreciation 

77 

75 

Amortization 

227 

127 

EBITDA 

522 

341 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from the operating activities of our consolidated subsidiaries, available cash and cash equivalents, our access to our 500 million five-year senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), and the proceeds from debt offerings. We believe these sources will be sufficient to fund our liquidity requirements for at least the next twelve months. Although we believe we have sufficient resources to fund our future cash requirements, there are many factors with the potential to influence our cash flow position including weather, seasonality, commodity prices, market conditions, and inflation, over which we have no control. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,051 million of total liquidity, comprising 605 million in cash and cash equivalents and 446 million 500 million less outstanding letters of credit of approximately 54 million, which reduce availability) of available borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. On January 3, 2022, we issued and sold 800,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of 800 million and entered into an amendment to our Credit Agreement. As part of this amendment, we entered into a 1,100 million seven-year incremental term loan 2021 Term Loan ), the Revolving Credit Facility was upsized by 200 million to 500 million, the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility was extended five years, and the letter of credit sublimit was increased by 100 million to 250 million. 
 During 2021, we completed two private offerings of senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of 350 million and 300 million, respectively. The proceeds from the sale of 350 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125 Senior Notes due in 2029 (the 4.125 Senior Notes were used to repay all outstanding indebtedness under a previously outstanding term loan, prepay a portion of the 2019 Term Loan, pay for transaction fees and expenses, and fund general corporate purposes. The proceeds from the sale of the 300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750 Senior Notes due in 2029 the 4.750 Senior Notes were used to finance a portion of the consideration for the Chubb Acquisition and pay related fees and expenses. 
 During 2021, we also issued 22,716,049 shares of our common stock in a public underwritten offering. The proceeds from this offering totaled approximately 446 million, net of related expenses. We used the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, which includes items such as other business opportunities, capital expenditures, and working capital. 
 We expect to continue to be able to access the capital markets through equity and debt offerings for liquidity purposes as needed. Our principal liquidity requirements have been, and we expect will continue to be, for working capital and general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures and debt service, any accrued consideration and compensation due to selling shareholders, including tax payments in connection therewith, as well as to identify, execute, and integrate strategic acquisitions and business transformation transactions or initiatives. Our capital expenditures were approximately 79 million and 55 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 39 

In 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program, authorizing the purchase of up to an aggregate of 250 million of common stock through February 2024. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 2,505,723 shares of common stock for approximately 44 million under this stock repurchase program, leaving approximately 206 million of authorized repurchases. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes net cash flows with respect to our operating, investing, and financing activities for the periods indicated: 

Years Ended December 31, 

in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

270 

182 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(2,901) 

(121) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

1,756 

917 

Effect of foreign currency exchange rate change on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

(9) 

(2) 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

(884) 

976 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 

607 

1,491 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 270 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 182 million for the same period in 2021. The increase in cash flows provided by operating activities is primarily due to an increase in net income in the period. This increase is partially offset by working capital needs associated with the various services we provide. Working capital is primarily affected by changes in total accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and contract assets and contract liabilities, all of which tend to be related and are affected by changes in the timing and volume of work performed. During the year ended December 31, 2022, operating cash flows were impacted by inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions leading to an increase in the required level of working capital investment needed to ensure we have materials available to meet our growth in sales volumes, as well as higher levels of spending related to acquisition and integration costs. Further, the increase in the cost of our debt driven by new debt issuances that occurred during the later half of 2021 and the first half of 2022, and a one-time contribution to assumed pension plans of 27 million were factors in our increased cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 2,901 million and 121 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2022, we completed the Chubb Acquisition and other immaterial acquisition activity resulting in the use of 2,839 million for acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 86 million for the same period in 2021. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 1,756 million and 917 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to 1,104 million of proceeds from the issuance of the 2021 Term Loan and other debt, and 797 million of proceeds from the issuance of Series B Preferred Stock. The increase was partially offset by 34 million of payments on long-term borrowings, 30 million of repurchases of long-term borrowings, and 44 million of repurchases of common stock. In the same period of the prior year, cash provided by financing activities was primarily driven by proceeds of 650 million from the completed offering of the 4.125 Senior Notes and 4.750 Senior Notes and 676 million from issuances of common stock. These cash inflows were partially offset by payments of 321 million on long term borrowings and 74 million for acquisition-related consideration. 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 versus year ended December 31, 2020 
 For a discussion of our Liquidity and Capital Resources for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Part I, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022. 
 40 

Financing Activities 
 Credit Agreement 
 We have a Credit Agreement by and among APi Group DE, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary, as borrower APi Group DE ), APG as a guarantor, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent (the Credit Agreement which provides for: (1) a term loan facility, pursuant to which we incurred the 1,200 million 2019 Term Loan used to fund a part of the cash portion of the purchase price in the APi Acquisition, and a 1,100 million seven-year incremental term loan 2021 Term Loan used to fund a portion of the purchase price in the Chubb acquisition, and (2) a 500 million Revolving Credit Facility of which up to 250 million can be used for the issuance of letters of credit. 
 The interest rate applicable to the 2021 Term Loan is, at our option, either (a) a base rate plus an applicable margin equal to 1.75 or (b) a Eurocurrency rate (adjusted for statutory reserves) plus an applicable margin equal to 2.75 . Principal payments on the 2021 Term Loan are due in quarterly installments on the last day of each fiscal quarter, unless prepayments are made, for a total annual amount equal to 1.00 of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Term Loan. The 2021 Term Loan matures on January 3, 2029. The 2021 Term Loan is subject to the same mandatory prepayment provisions as the 2019 Term Loan. 
 The interest rate applicable to the 2019 Term Loan is, at our option, either (a) a base rate plus an applicable margin equal to 1.50 or (b) a Eurocurrency rate (adjusted for statutory reserves) plus an applicable margin equal to 2.50 . Principal payments on the 2019 Term Loan are due in quarterly installments on the last day of each fiscal quarter, unless prepayments are made, for a total annual amount equal to 1.00 of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 2019 Term Loan. The 2019 Term Loan matures on October 1, 2026. 
 The interest rate applicable to borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility is, at our option, either (a) a base rate plus an applicable margin equal to 1.25 or (2) a Eurocurrency rate (adjusted for statutory reserves) plus an applicable margin equal to 2.25 . 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that, among other things, restrict our, and our restricted subsidiaries , ability to (i) incur additional indebtedness; (ii) pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem capital stock; (iii) prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; (iv) make loans and investments; (v) sell, transfer and otherwise dispose of assets; (vi) incur or permit to exist certain liens; (vii) enter into transactions with affiliates; (viii) enter into agreements restricting subsidiaries ability to pay dividends; and (ix) consolidate, amalgamate, merge or sell all or substantially all assets. The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default. Furthermore, with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, we must maintain a first lien net leverage ratio that does not exceed (i) 4.00 to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter ending in 2021, and (ii) 3.75 to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter ending thereafter, if on the last day of any fiscal quarter the outstanding amount of all revolving loans and letter of credit obligations (excluding undrawn letters of credit up to 40 million) under the Credit Agreement is greater than 30 of the total revolving credit commitments thereunder subject to a right of cure. Our first lien net leverage ratio as of December 31, 2022 was 2.25:1.00. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,127 million and 1,085 million of indebtedness outstanding on the 2019 Term Loan and 2021 Term Loan, respectively. We had no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, under which 446 million was available after giving effect to 54 million of outstanding letters of credit, which reduces availability. 
 On January 6, 2023, we repaid an aggregate amount of 200 million, 100 million to both the 2019 Term Loan and 2021 Term Loan. As a result, the 2019 Term Loan and the 2021 Term Loan have remaining principal amounts of 1,027 million and 985 million, respectively. 
 Senior Notes 
 We completed a private offering of 350 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125 Senior Notes due 2029, issued under an indenture, dated June 22, 2021. The 4.125 Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by us and certain subsidiaries. The 4.125 Senior Notes will mature on July 15, 2029, unless redeemed earlier, and bear interest at a rate of 4.125 per year until maturity, payable semi-annually in arrears. We used the net proceeds from the sale of the 4.125 Senior Notes to repay the previously outstanding term loan, prepay a portion of the 2019 Term Loan and for general corporate purposes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 13 million of outstanding principal amount of the 4.125 Senior Notes and recognized a net gain of 2 million on the debt extinguishment. As of December 31, 2022, we had 337 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125 Senior Notes outstanding. 
 41 

We completed a private offering of 300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750 Senior Notes due 2029 issued under an indenture dated October 21, 2021, as supplemented by a supplemental indenture dated January 3, 2022. The 4.750 Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by us and certain subsidiaries. The 4.750 Senior Notes will mature on October 15, 2029, unless earlier redeemed, and bear interest at a rate of 4.750 per year until maturity, payable semi-annually in arrears. We used the net proceeds from the sale of the 4.750 Senior Notes to finance a portion of the consideration for the Chubb Acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 23 million of outstanding principal amount of the 4.750 Senior Notes and recognized a net gain of 3 million on the debt extinguishment. As of December 31, 2022, we had 277 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750 Senior Notes outstanding. 
 Debt Covenants 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants contained in the indentures governing the 4.125 Senior Notes and the 4.750 Senior Notes, and the Credit Agreement. 
 Issuance of Series B Preferred Stock 
 On January 3, 2022, concurrent with the closing of the Chubb Acquisition, we issued and sold 800,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 800 million, pursuant to securities purchase agreements entered into on July 26, 2021 with certain investors. The net proceeds from the Series B Preferred Stock issuance were used to fund a portion of the consideration for the Chubb Acquisition. 
 The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to dividends at the rate of 5.5 per annum, payable in cash or common stock, at our election. The Series B Preferred Stock ranks senior to our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividend rights and rights upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of our affairs. 
 The Series B Preferred Stock is convertible, at the holder s option, into shares of our common stock at a conversion price equal to 24.60 per share, subject to certain customary adjustments. The holders of Series B Preferred Stock have certain other rights including voting rights on an as-converted basis, certain pre-emptive rights on our private equity offerings, certain registration rights, and, in the case of certain holders, certain director designation rights, as provided in the certificate of designation governing the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 We may, at our option, effect conversion of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock to common stock, but only if the volume-weighted average price of our common stock exceeds 36.90 per share for 15 consecutive trading days. 
 Material Cash Requirements from Known Contractual and Other Obligations 
 Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to the following, for which information on both a short-term and long-term basis is provided in the indicated notes to the consolidated financial statements and expected to be satisfied using cash generated from operations: 
 Operating and Finance Leases See Note 11 Leases. 

Debt See Note 12 Debt for future principal payments and interest rates on our debt instruments. 

Tax Obligations See Note 13 Income Taxes. 

Pension obligations See Note 15 Pension. 

We make investments in our properties and equipment to enable continued expansion and effective performance of our business. Our capital expenditures are expected to be approximately 1.5 of annual net revenues. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 We review new accounting standards to determine the expected impact, if any, of the adoption of such standards will have on our financial position and/or results of operations. See Note 3 Recent Accounting Pronouncements for further information regarding new accounting standards, including the anticipated dates of adoption and the effects on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 
 42 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting estimates: 
 Revenue Recognition from Contracts with Customers 
 We recognize net revenues from contracts with customers under Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606. ASC 606 aligns revenue recognition with the timing of when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This core principle is achieved through the application of the following five step model: (1) identify the contract with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied. 
 We recognize net revenues at the time the related performance obligations are satisfied by transferring a promised good or service to our customers. A good or service is considered to be transferred when the customer obtains control. We can transfer control of a good or service and satisfy our performance obligations either over time or at a point in time. We transfer control of a good or service over time and, therefore, satisfy a performance obligation and recognize revenue over time, if one of the following three criteria are met: (a) the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided as we perform, (b) our performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced, or (c) our performance does not create an asset with an alternative use, and we have an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. 
 For our performance obligations satisfied over time, we recognize revenue by measuring the progress toward complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion can be either an input or output method and requires judgment based on the nature of the goods or services to be provided. 
 For our construction contracts, net revenues are generally recognized over time as our performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as it is created or enhanced. Our fixed price construction projects generally use a cost-to-cost input method to measure progress towards completion of the performance obligation as we believe it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer, which occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. Under the cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Costs incurred include direct materials, labor and subcontract costs, and indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs and depreciation costs. These contract costs are included in the results of operations under cost of revenues. Labor costs are considered to be incurred as the work is performed. Subcontractor labor is recognized as work is performed. 
 Net revenues from time and material construction contracts are recognized as the services are provided and is equal to the sum of the contract costs incurred plus an agreed upon markup. Net revenues earned from distribution contracts are recognized upon shipment or performance of the service. 
 We have a right to payment for performance completed to date at any time throughout our performance of a contract, including in the event of a cancellation, and as such, revenue is recognized over time. These performance obligations use the cost-to-cost input method to measure our progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation as we believe it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as we incur costs on the contracts. 
 Due to uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, it is possible that estimates of costs to complete a performance obligation will be revised from time to time on an on-going basis. For those performance obligations for which net revenues are recognized using a cost-to-cost input method, changes in total estimated costs, and related progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation, are recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions to the estimates are made. When the current estimate of total costs for a performance obligation indicates a loss, a provision for the entire estimated loss on the unsatisfied performance obligation is made in the period in which the loss becomes evident. 
 43 

The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Contract assets include unbilled amounts from our long-term construction projects when net revenues recognized under the cost-to-cost measure of progress exceed amounts invoiced to our customers. Such amounts are recoverable from our customers based upon various measures of performance, including achievement of certain milestones, completion of specified units or completion of a contract. In addition, many of our time and materials arrangements, as well as our contracts to perform turnaround services within the Specialty Services segment, are billed in arrears pursuant to contract terms that are standard within the industry, and resulting in contract assets and/or unbilled receivables being recorded, as revenue is recognized in advance of billings. Contract assets are generally classified as current assets within the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Contract liabilities from our long-term construction contracts arise when amounts invoiced to our customers exceed net revenues recognized under the cost-to-cost measure of progress. Contract liabilities additionally include advanced payments from our customers on certain contracts. Contract liabilities decrease as we recognize revenue from the satisfaction of the related performance obligation and are recorded as either current or long-term, depending upon when we expect to recognize such revenue. The long-term portion of contract liabilities is included in other noncurrent liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Business Combinations 
 The determination of the fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination and estimates of acquisition-related contingent consideration requires estimates and judgments of future cash flow expectations for the acquired business and the related identifiable tangible and intangible assets. Fair values of net assets acquired are calculated using standard valuation techniques. Fair values of contingent consideration liabilities are estimated using an income approach such as discounted cash flows or option pricing models. We allocate purchase consideration to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. When determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions consistent with those of a market participant, especially with respect to intangible assets. Critical estimates in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from backlog, customer relationships, and trade names and trademarks; and discount rates. In estimating the future cash flows, management considers demand, competition and other economic factors. Management s estimates are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates, which could result in impairment charges in the future. 
 Due to the time required to obtain the necessary data for each acquisition, U.S. GAAP provides a measurement period of up to one year from the date of acquisition in which to finalize these fair value determinations. During the measurement period, preliminary fair value estimates may be revised if new information is obtained about the facts and circumstances existing as of the date of acquisition, or based on the final net assets and working capital of the acquired business, as prescribed in the applicable purchase agreement. Such revisions may result in the recording of measurement period adjustments, which may result in the recognition of, or adjustment to, the fair values of acquisition-related assets or liabilities and/or consideration paid, as well as the related depreciation and amortization expense. 
 Significant changes in the assumptions or estimates used in the underlying valuations, including the expected profitability or cash flows of an acquired business, could materially affect our operating results in the period such changes are recognized. 
 The Periodic Assessment of Potential Impairment of Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair market value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of acquired businesses. Goodwill is not amortized but instead is annually tested for impairment, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may be impaired. We have recorded goodwill in connection with our historical acquisitions of businesses. Upon acquisition, these businesses were either combined into one of the existing components or managed on a stand-alone basis as an individual component. 
 The components are aligned to one of our two reportable segments, Safety Services or Specialty Services. Goodwill is required to be evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level, which represents the operating segment level or one level below the operating segment level for which discrete financial information is available. 
 We identify reporting units by assessing whether components have discrete financial information available, engage in business activities, and have a segment manager regularly review the component s operating results. If two or more components are deemed economically similar, those components are aggregated into one reporting unit when performing the annual goodwill impairment test. 
 44 

We perform our annual goodwill impairment assessment on October 1 each fiscal year, or more frequently if events or circumstances arise which indicate that goodwill may be impaired. Qualitative indicators that may trigger the need for annual or interim quantitative impairment testing include, among other things, deterioration in macroeconomic conditions, declining financial performance, deterioration in the operational environment, or an expectation of selling or disposing of a portion of a reporting unit. Additionally, a significant change in business climate, a loss of a significant customer, increased competition, a sustained decrease in share price, or a decrease in estimated fair value below book value may trigger the need for interim impairment testing of goodwill associated with one or more reporting units. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we performed our annual goodwill impairment assessment as of October 1, 2022. We performed quantitative testing for all of our reporting units based on their estimated fair values using a combination of market and income approaches. Under the market approach, fair values were estimated using published market multiples for comparable companies and applying them to revenue and EBITDA. Under the income approach, a discounted cash flow methodology was used, considering: (i) management estimates, such as projections of revenue, operating costs and cash flows, taking into consideration historical and anticipated financial results; (ii) general economic and market conditions; and (iii) the impact of planned business and operational strategies. Estimated discount rates were determined using the weighted average cost of capital for each reporting unit at the time of the analysis, taking into consideration the risks inherent within each reporting unit individually. Significant assumptions used in testing the reporting units included terminal values based on a terminal growth rate of 3 , ten years of discounted cash flows prior to the terminal value, and discount rates ranging from 11.5 to 16 . We believe the assumptions used in our quantitative goodwill impairment tests are reflective of the risks inherent in the business models of our reporting units and within our industry. 
 Our goodwill impairment assessment for 2022 indicated each of our reporting units had an estimated fair value that exceeded carrying value by greater than 10 . Goodwill balances subjected to impairment testing at each of our reporting units as of December 31, 2022 are shown in the table below: 

in millions) 
 
 Goodwill Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Life Safety 

2,140 

Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC) 

62 

Infrastructure/Utility 

123 

Fabrication 

4 

Specialty Contracting 

53 

While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair values of the reporting units, it is possible changes could occur. If in future years the reporting unit s actual results are not consistent with the estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value, we may be required to recognize material impairments to goodwill. We may be required to perform additional impairment testing based on changes in the economic environment, disruptions to our business, significant declines in operating results of our reporting units, sustained deterioration of our market capitalization, and other factors, which could result in impairment charges in the future. Although management cannot predict when changes in macroeconomic conditions will occur, if there is significant deterioration from levels at year end in the construction industry, market prices for oil and gas and other fuel sources, or our market capitalization, it is reasonably likely we will be required to record material impairment charges in the future. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our provision for income taxes uses an effective tax rate based on annual pre-tax income, statutory tax rates, permanent tax differences and tax planning opportunities in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant factors that can affect our annual effective tax rate include our assessment of certain tax matters, the location and amount of taxable earnings, changes in certain non-deductible expenses and expected credits. Although we believe our provision for income taxes is correct and the related assumptions are reasonable, the final outcome of tax matters could be materially different from what we currently anticipate, which could result in significant costs or benefits to us. See Note 13 Income Taxes for additional discussion. 
 In the ordinary course of business, there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying income tax positions. We assess our income tax positions and record tax benefits for all years subject to examination based on our evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. For those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, we have recognized the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in our financial statements. 
 45 

We file income tax returns in numerous tax jurisdictions, including U.S. federal, most U.S. states and certain foreign jurisdictions. Although we believe our calculations for tax returns are correct and the positions taken thereon are reasonable, the final outcome of income tax examinations could be materially different from our expectations and the estimates that are reflected in our consolidated financial statements, which could have a material effect on our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 
 46 

ITEM 7A. QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, our outstanding variable interest rate debt was primarily related to our 2019 Term Loan and our 2021 Term Loan. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,127 million outstanding on the 2019 Term Loan, and 1,085 million outstanding on the 2021 Term Loan. To mitigate increases in variable interest rates, we have a four-year interest rate swap with respect to 720 million of notional value of the 2019 Term Loan, exchanging one-month LIBOR for a rate of 3.64 per annum. This expense will be offset by the amortization through October 2024 of the remaining gain of 29 million recognized from the termination of the previously outstanding 720 million notional amount interest rate swap resulting in an effective rate on the 720 million of notional value of the 2019 Term Loan of 3.97 . The remaining floating 407 million of our 2019 Term Loan balance will bear interest at 7.13 per annum based on one-month LIBOR plus 250 basis points. Effective in January 2023, we will have 5-year interest rate swaps exchanging one-month LIBOR for a rate an average fixed rate of 3.46 . The 2021 Term Loan balance will bear interest at 7.38 per annum based on one-month LIBOR plus 275 basis points, but the rate will fluctuate as LIBOR fluctuates. As of December 31, 2022, excluding letters of credit outstanding of 54 million, we had no amounts of outstanding revolving loans under our Credit Agreement. 
 A 100-basis point increase in the applicable interest rates under our credit facilities (including the unhedged portion of our 2019 Term Loan debt) would have increased our interest expense by approximately 21 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 While we cannot predict our ability to refinance existing debt or the impact interest rate movements will have on our existing debt, we continue to evaluate our financial position on an ongoing basis. The ICE Benchmark Administration intends to cease the publication of U.S. dollar LIBOR for all tenors (excluding one-week and two-month) on June 30, 2023. The discontinuation of the one-month LIBOR after 2023 and the replacement with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate may adversely impact interest rates and our interest expense could increase. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our operations are in over 20 countries globally. Revenues generated from foreign operations represented approximately 38 of our consolidated net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net revenues and expenses related to our foreign operations are, for the most part, denominated in the functional currency of the foreign operation, which minimizes the impact fluctuations in exchange rates would have on net income or loss. We are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates when transactions are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies. Such transactions were not material to our operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. These foreign currency transaction gains and losses, including hedging impacts, are classified in investment income and other, net, in the consolidated statements of operations and were a (loss) gain of 2) million, 3) million and 12 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These net foreign currency transaction gains and losses include derivative instruments designed to reduce foreign currency exchange rate risks. Translation gains or losses, which are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance sheets, result from translation of the assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars. Foreign currency translation (losses) gains totaled approximately 164) million, 11) million and 9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates has increased as a result of the Chubb Acquisition and may continue to increase in the future if we continue to expand our operations outside of the U.S. We seek to manage foreign currency exposure by minimizing our consolidated net assets and liability positions in currencies other than the functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries. However, we believe that our exposure to transactional gains or losses resulting from fluctuations in foreign currencies is limited because our foreign operations primarily invoice and collect receivables in their respective local or functional currencies, and the expenses associated with these transactions are generally contracted and paid for in the same local currencies. In order to manage foreign currency risk related to transactions in foreign currencies and the Chubb business intercompany financing structure, we entered into cross-currency swaps to manage the foreign currency risk of certain intercompany loans. We also occasionally use foreign currency contracts as a way to mitigate foreign currency exposure. 
 47 

Other Market Risk 
 We are also exposed to market risks impacting our customer base due to the potential related impact on accounts receivable or contract assets on uncompleted contracts. The amounts recorded may be at risk if our customers ability to pay these obligations is negatively impacted by economic conditions. We continually monitor the creditworthiness of our customers and maintain ongoing discussions with customers regarding contract status with respect to change orders and billing terms. Therefore, management believes it takes appropriate action to manage market and other risks, but there is no assurance management will be able to reasonably identify all risks with respect to the collectability of these assets. See also Revenue Recognition from Contracts with Customers under Critical Accounting Policies within Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 In addition, we are exposed to various supply chain risks, including market risk of fluctuations or availability of copper, steel, cable optic fiber, and other materials used as components of supplies or materials utilized in our operations. We are also exposed to increases in energy prices, particularly as they relate to gasoline prices for our vehicle fleet. Disruptions in our supply chain can occur due to market inefficiencies but can also be driven by other events, like cybersecurity breaches, pandemics, or similar disruptive events. While we believe we can increase our contract prices to adjust for some price increases in commodities, there can be no assurance that such price increases, if they were to occur, would be recoverable. Additionally, some of our fixed price contracts do not allow us to adjust prices and, as a result, increases in material costs could reduce profitability with respect to projects in progress. 
 Significant declines in market prices for oil and gas and other fuel sources may also impact our operations. Prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices may result in projects being delayed or cancelled and in a low oil and gas price environment, certain of our businesses could become less profitable or incur losses. 
 48 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 50 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 54 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 55 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 56 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 57 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 58 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 59 

49 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors APi Group Corporation: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of APi Group Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Total estimated costs for certain fixed price projects recognized over time 
 As discussed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue on certain safety services, specialty services, and industrial services for fixed price projects over time. For these fixed price projects, the Company uses a cost-to-cost measure of progress. More specifically, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. 
 
 We identified the assessment of total estimated costs at completion for certain fixed price projects recognized over time as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the Company s initial and subsequent changes to the total estimated costs for the fixed price projects involved subjective auditor judgment. More specifically, our subjective auditor judgment involved the evaluation of management s assumptions related to estimated direct and indirect material, labor, and subcontractor costs, which affect the measurement of revenue recognized by the Company on certain fixed price projects. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We selected certain projects and inspected related contract agreements, amendments, and change orders to test the existence of customer arrangements and to understand the nature and scope of the related projects. We evaluated the Company s ability to accurately estimate the total 
 50 

costs for certain projects by (1) interviewing project personnel to gain an understanding of the status of project activities, (2) analyzing and comparing costs incurred to the nature of total estimated costs remaining, and (3) inspecting subsequent changes to the total estimated costs at completion and inquiring with project personnel as to the reason for the change. We further evaluated the Company s ability to accurately estimate the total costs by evaluating the difference between the estimated costs and the final costs incurred for projects completed during the year. 
 
 Fair value measurement of certain acquired intangible assets 
 As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company utilized the excess earnings method to estimate the fair value of the customer relationships and contractual backlog, and the relief from royalty method was utilized to estimate the fair value of trade names and trademarks. The Company acquired Chubb Fire and Security for a total purchase price of 2.9 billion, net of cash on January 3, 2022. The Company recorded a preliminary purchase price allocation during the first quarter of 2022 and the final purchase price allocation in the fourth quarter of 2022. The final purchase price allocation resulted in the recording of customer relationships, trade names and trademarks, and contractual backlog intangible assets of 695 million, 450 million, and 55 million, respectively. The determination of the fair value of the acquired intangible assets, required the Company to make significant estimates and assumptions regarding certain future expected cash flows. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the fair value measurement of certain intangible assets in the Chubb Fire and Security acquisition as a critical audit matter. Specifically, the assessment and development of projected financial information used in the valuation. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of identified key controls related to the fair value measurement of certain acquired intangible assets. This included controls related to the Company s process over the development of projected financial information in order to value the intangible assets. We evaluated the future expected cash flows by comparing the forecast to historical cash flows of the entity and industry benchmarks. Furthermore, we evaluated the impact of economic factors, including comparison to competitor data, on the cash flows based on publicly available data. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

March 1, 2023 
 
 51 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors APi Group Corporation: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited APi Group Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses, described below, on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in management s assessment. The Company had ineffective user access controls related to an information technology system. As a result of the user access control deficiencies, process level controls at certain entities that use information from the affected system cannot be relied upon. Additionally, the Company had ineffective operation of process level controls over revenue recognition. The material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company acquired Chubb Fire Security during 2022, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Chubb Fire Security s internal control over financial reporting associated with 47 of total assets and 31 of total revenues included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Chubb Fire Security. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding 
 52 

prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 March 1, 2023 
 53 

APi Group Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Bal ance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In millions, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Inventories 

Contract assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Pension and post-retirement assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, and Shareholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Short-term and current portion of long-term debt 

Accounts payable 

Contingent consideration and compensation liabilities 

Accrued salaries and wages 

Contract liabilities 

Operating and finance leases 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Pension and post-retirement obligations 

Contingent consideration and compensation liabilities 

Operating and finance leases 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Com mitments and contingencies (Note 17) 

Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, par value, authorized shares, shares and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; aggregate liquidation preference of 

Shareholders equity: 

Series A Preferred Stock, par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock; par value, authorized shares, shares and shares issued at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (excluding and shares declared for stock dividend at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities, redeemable convertible preferred stock, and shareholders equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

APi Group Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Operations 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses 

Impairment of goodwill 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Interest expense, net 

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

() 

Non-service pension benefit 

() 

Investment income and other, net 

() 

() 

() 

Other expense, net 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders: 

Accrued stock dividend on Series A Preferred Stock 

() 

() 

Stock dividend on Series B Preferred Stock 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) per common share: 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

APi Group Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 (In millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income: 

Fair value change - derivatives, net of tax (expense) benefit of 11 ), ), and , respectively 

() 

Defined benefit pension plans adjustment, net of tax expense of , , and , respectively 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

APi Group Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 (In millions, except share amounts) 

Preferred Stock Issued and Outstanding 

Common Stock Issued and Outstanding 

Additional Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Total Shareholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Loss 

Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Fair value change - derivatives 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Share cancellations 

() 

() 

() 

Common shares purchased and cancelled 

() 

() 

() 

Warrants exercised 

Share-based compensation and other, net 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Net income 

Fair value change - derivatives 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Series A Preferred Stock dividend 

Issuance of common shares 

Warrants exercised 

Profit sharing plan contributions 

Share-based compensation and other, net 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

Net income 

Fair value change - derivatives 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Pension plans adjustment 

() 

() 

Series A Preferred Stock dividend 

Series B Preferred Stock dividend 

Share repurchases 

() 

() 

() 

Profit sharing plan contributions 

Share-based compensation and other, net 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

APi Group Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 (In millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Restructuring charges, net of cash paid 

Impairment of goodwill 

Deferred taxes 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense 

Profit-sharing expense 

Non-cash lease expense 

Net periodic pension benefit 

() 

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

() 

Other, net 

Pension contributions 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Contract assets 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued liabilities and income taxes payable 

() 

Contract liabilities 

Other assets and liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales of property, equipment, held for sale assets, and businesses 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from long-term borrowings 

Payments on long-term borrowings 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases of long-term borrowings 

() 

Payments of debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

Proceeds from equity issuances 

Payments of acquisition-related consideration 

() 

() 

() 

Restricted shares tendered for taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of foreign currency exchange rate change on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow disclosures: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 

Accrued consideration issued in business combinations 

Shares of common stock issued to profit sharing plan 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

APi Group Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in millions, except shares and where noted otherwise) 

locations worldwide. 

operating segments and also the reportable segments. The Company's chief operating decision maker regularly reviews financial information to allocate resources and assess performance utilizing these reorganized segments. Certain prior year amounts have been recast to conform to the current year presentation. Throughout the Financial Statements, unless otherwise indicated, amounts and activity reflect reclassifications related to the Company's resegmentation, as described in Note 21 - Segment Information.), and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These net foreign currency transaction gains and losses include derivative instruments designed to reduce foreign currency exchange rate risks. Refer to Note 9 - Derivatives for further information. Translation gains or losses, which are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss on the consolidated balance sheets, result from translation of the assets and liabilities of APi Group s foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars. Foreign currency translation (losses) gains totaled approximately ), ), and for t he years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. All of the Company s foreign operations use their local currency as their functional currency. Currency gains or losses resulting from transactions executed in currencies other than the functional currency are included in investment income and other, net, in the consolidated statements of operations. 

reportable segments, Safety Services or Specialty Services. Goodwill is required to be evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level, which represents the operating segment level or one level below the operating segment level for which discrete financial information is available. 
 Goodwill is not amortized but instead is annually tested for impairment on October 1 each fiscal year, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may be impaired. Qualitative indicators that may trigger the need for annual or interim quantitative impairment testing include, among other things, deterioration in macroeconomic conditions, declining financial performance, deterioration in the operational environment, or an expectation of selling or disposing of a portion of a reporting unit. Additionally, a significant change in business climate, a loss of a significant customer, increased competition, a sustained decrease in share price, or a decrease in estimated fair value below book value may trigger the need for interim impairment testing of goodwill associated with one or more reporting units. The Company evaluates each reporting unit for impairment by performing a quantitative test comparing the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recorded as a reduction to goodwill with a corresponding change to earnings in the period the goodwill is determined to be impaired. Any goodwill impairment is limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units using a combination of the income approach (discounted cash flow method) and market approach (guideline transaction method and guideline public company method). Management weights each of the methods applied to determine the fair value of its reporting units. Under the discounted cash flow method, the Company determines fair value based on the estimated future cash flows for each reporting unit, discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted industry weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects the overall level of inherent risk for each reporting unit and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn. Cash flow projections are derived from budgeted amounts (typically a one-year model) and subsequent period cash flows are developed for each reporting unit using growth rates that management believes are reasonably likely to occur from a market participant s standpoint. All cash flow projections by reporting unit are evaluated by management. A terminal value is derived by capitalizing free cash flow into perpetuity. The capitalization rate is derived from the weighted-average cost of capital and the estimated long-term growth rate for each reporting unit. Under the guideline transaction and guideline public company methods, the Company determines the estimated fair value for each of its reporting units by applying transaction multiples and public company multiples, respectively, to each reporting unit s applicable earnings measure. The transaction multiples are based on observed purchase transactions for similar businesses adjusted for size, diversification and risk. The public company multiples are based on peer group multiples adjusted for size, growth, risk and margin. See Note 7 Goodwill and Intangibles for additional detail on goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 
 , , and , during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The earnings are recorded within investment income and other, net in the consolidated statements of operations. The investment balan ces were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are recorded within other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 for trade names and trademarks and customer relationships, and a period of six to for backlog. 
 and , respectively, relating to workers compensation, general and automobile claims, with and , respectively, included in other noncurrent liabilities. The Company recorded a receivable from the insurance carriers of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to offset the liabilities due above the Company s deductible, which, under contract, are payable by the insurance carrier. The Company has outstanding letters of credit as collateral totaling approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company had a nd accrued within accrued salaries and wages relating to outstanding health insurance claims at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 of its fair market value at the lower of (i) the date of commencement of the offering period or (ii) the last day of the exercise period, as defined in the plan documents. The fair value of purchases under the Company s ESPP is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model. The determination of fair value of stock-based awards using an option-pricing model is affected by the Company s stock price as well as assumptions pertaining to several variables, including expected stock price volatility, the expected term of the award and the risk-free rate of interest. In the option-pricing model for the Company s ESPP, expected stock price volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The expected term of the award is based on historical and expected exercise patterns and the risk-free rate of interest is based on U.S. Treasury yields. 

2022 Chubb Acquisition On January 3, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of the Chubb fire and security business (the Chubb Acquisition ). The Chubb fire and security business (the Chubb business or Chubb is a globally recognized fire safety and security services provider, offering customers complete and reliable services from design and installation to monitoring and on-going maintenance and recurring services. The Chubb business is headquartered in the United Kingdom, and has operations in countries, expanding the Company's geographic footprint to a total of over countries. The results of the Chubb business are reported within the Company's Safety Services segment. The consideration paid by the Company for the stock purchase of the Chubb business was funded through a combination of cash on hand and net proceeds from the private placement of Series B Preferred Stock (as defined in Note 16 - Related-Party Transactions ), the offering of the Senior Notes, and borrowing under the 2021 Term Loan (both defined in Note 12 - Debt ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred transaction costs of , which were expensed and included as a component of selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Chubb Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The purchase price has been preliminarily allocated to the tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values, with the exception of the following: (1) pre-acquisition contingencies which are recognized and measured in accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies , if fair value cannot be determined; (2) deferred income tax assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized and measured in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ; (3) pensions and other post-retirement benefits other than pensions are recognized and measured in accordance with ASC 715, Compensation Retirement Benefits ; (4) contract assets and liabilities are measured and recognized in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 and (5) certain lease related assets and liabilities which are measured and recognized in accordance with ASC 842, Leases ASC 842 ). 

Working capital and net indebtedness adjustment 

() 

Total net consideration 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Contract assets 

Other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Pension and post-retirement assets 

Other noncurrent assets 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Accounts payable 

() 

Contract liabilities 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Finance and operating lease liabilities 

() 

Pension and post-retirement obligations 

() 

Deferred tax liabilities 

() 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

() 

Net assets acquired 

The final allocation of the purchase price did not differ materially from preliminary estimates with the exception of measurement period adjustments, primarily related to working capital balances, property and equipment, and intangible assets recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. The excess of the purchase price over the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been recorded as goodwill. The Company has assigned final goodw ill of to its S afety Services reportable segment (see Note 7 - Goodwill and Intangibles ). Based on U.S. income tax principles related to acquisitions of non-U.S. entities, the Company does not expect any of the amount of goodwill to be deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. Intangible assets The Company has identified the following significant intangible assets: customer relationships, trade names and trademarks, and contractual backlog. As of the effective date of the Chubb Acquisition, identifiable intangible assets are required to be measured at fair value, and these assets could include assets that are not intended to be used or sold or that are intended to be used in a manner other than their highest and best use. For purposes of these consolidated financial statements, the fair value and weighted-average useful lives of these intangible assets have been estimated using variations of the income approach. Specifically, the excess earnings method was utilized to estimate the fair value of the customer relationships and the contractual backlog. The relief from royalty method was utilized to estimate the fair value of the trade names and trademarks. Significant inputs used to value these intangible assets include projections of future cash flows, long-term growth rates, customer attrition rates, discount rates, royalty rates, and applicable income tax rates. 

Trade names and trademarks 

Contractual backlog 

Total intangibles 

The estimated useful lives over which the intangible assets will be amortized are as follows: customer relationships ), trade names and trademarks ), and contractual backlog ). The results of operations for the Chubb business are included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company from the date of acquisition. Pro forma consolidated financial information 

Net loss 

() 

Pro forma financial information is presented as if the operations of the Chubb business had been included in the consolidated results of the Company since January 1, 2021, and gives effect to transactions that are directly attributable to the Chubb Acquisition and related financing. Adjustments, net of related tax impacts, include: additional depreciation and amortization expense related to the fair value of acquired property and equipment and intangible assets as if such assets were acquired on January 1, 2021; costs related to the fair value step-up of acquired inventory; interest expense under the Company s 2021 Term Loan and Senior Notes (both defined in Note 12 - Debt as if the amounts borrowed to partially finance the purchase price were borrowed on January 1, 2021. Total cumulative transaction-related costs of were expensed and have been included as a component of selling, general, and administrative expenses, were reflected as if the transaction occurred as of January 1, 2021. 2021 Acquisitions During 2021, the Company completed the acquisitions of Premier Fire Security, Inc. Premier Fire and Northern Air Corporation NAC ), both included in the Safety Services segment, as well as several other individually immaterial acquisitions. Total purchase consideration for all of the completed acquisitions of consisted of cash paid at closing of , gross cash acquired of , and accrued consideration of . The results of operations of these acquisitions are included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations from their respective dates of acquisition. The Company has finalized its accounting for all 2021 acquisitions. During 2022, the Company recorded a measurement period adjustment, primarily related to a reclassification between intangible assets and goodwill for the NAC acquisition. Based on final purchase price allocations, the total amount of goodwill from the 2021 acquisitions expected to be deductible for tax purposes is 45. See Note 7 Goodwill and Intangibles for the goodwill assigned to each segment. 

Accrued consideration 

Total consideration 

Cash 

Current assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Current liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net assets acquired 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net revenues and operating income from the Company's material acquisitions that closed over the previous twelve mo nths was and , respe ctively. Accrued consideration The Company s acquisition purchase agreements typically include deferred payment provisions, often to sellers who become employees of the Company or its subsidiaries. The provisions are made up of three general types of arrangements, contingent compensation and contingent consideration (both of which are contingent on the future performance of the acquired entity) and deferred payments related to indemnities. Contingent compensation arrangements are typically contingent on the former owner s future employment with the Company, and the related amounts are recognized over the required employment period, which is typically three to . Contingent consideration arrangements are not contingent on employment and are included as part of purchase consideration at the time of the initial acquisition and are paid over a three to period. The liability for deferred payments is recognized at the date of acquisition based on the Company s best estimate and is typically payable over a one to two year period. Deferred payments are not contingent on any future performance or employment obligations and can be offset for working capital true-ups, and representations and warranty items. The total contingent compensation arrangement liability wa s and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The maximum payout of these arrangements upon completion of the future performance periods was and , inclusive of the an d , accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The contingent compensation liability is included in contingent consideration and compensation liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented. The Company primarily determines the contingent compensation liability based on forecasted cumulative earnings compared to the cumulative earnings target set forth in the arrangement. Compensation expense associated with these arrangements is recognized ratably over the required employment period. The contingent consideration obligations are measured at fair value each reporting period and changes in estimates of fair value are recognized in earnings. For additional considerations regarding the fair value of the Company's contingent consideration liabilities, see Note 8 - Fair Value of Financial Instruments. The total liability for deferred paymen ts was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in contingent consideration and compensation liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented. 

 in connection with the Chubb restructuring program. In total, the Company estimates that it will recognize approximately of restructuring costs related to the Chubb restructuring program by the end of fiscal year 2024. Of the recognized to date, was recorded in cost of revenues and in selling, general, and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The amounts recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022 relate to costs associated with workforce reductions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in restructuring liabilities recorded in other accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets for this plan. 

Charged to selling, general, and administrative expenses - employee related 

Payments 

() 

Currency translation adjustment 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The cost estimation process for recognizing net revenues over time under the cost-to-cost method is based on the professional knowledge and experience of the Company s project managers, engineers, and finance professionals. Management reviews estimates of total contract transaction price and total project costs on an ongoing basis. Changes in job performance, job conditions, and management s assessment of expected variable consideration are factors that influence estimates of the total contract transaction price, total costs to complete those contracts, and the Company s profit recognition. Changes in these factors could result in cumulative revisions to net revenues in the period in which the revisions are determined, which could materially affect the Company s consolidated results of operations for that period. Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are recorded in the period in which such estimated losses are determined. 

Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning HVAC 

Infrastructure/Utility 

Fabrication 

Specialty Contracting 

Corporate and Eliminations 

() 

() 

Net revenues 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Safety Services 

Specialty Services 

Corporate and Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Life Safety 

HVAC 

Infrastructure/Utility 

Fabrication 

Specialty Contracting 

Corporate and Eliminations 

() 

() 

Net revenues 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Safety Services 

Specialty Services 

Corporate and Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Life Safety 

HVAC 

Infrastructure/Utility 

Fabrication 

Specialty Contracting 

Corporate and Eliminations 

() 

() 

Net revenues 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Safety Services 

Specialty Services 

Corporate and Eliminations 

Consolidated 

United States 

() 

France 

Other 

Net revenues 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Safety Services 

Specialty Services 

Corporate and Eliminations 

Consolidated 

United States 

() 

France 

Other 

Net revenues 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Safety Services 

Specialty Services 

Corporate and Eliminations 

Consolidated 

United States 

() 

France 

Other 

Net revenues 

() 

The Company s contracts with its customers generally require significant services to integrate complex activities and equipment into a single deliverable and are, therefore, generally accounted for as a single performance obligation to provide a single contracted service for the duration of the project. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the transaction price of a contract is allocated to each performance obligation and recognized as net revenues when or as the performance obligation is satisfied using the estimated stand-alone selling price of each distinct good or service. The stand-alone selling price is estimated using the expected cost plus a margin approach for each performance obligation. For in-process contracts, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied performance obligations at December 31, 2022 was . The Company expects to recognize revenue on approximately of the remaining performance obligations over the next . When more than one contract is entered into with a customer on or close to the same date, management evaluates whether those contracts should be combined and accounted for as a single contract as well as whether those contracts should be accounted for as one, or more than one, performance obligation. This evaluation requires significant judgment and is based on the facts and circumstances of the various contracts. Contracts are often modified through change orders to account for changes in the scope and price of the goods or services being provided. Although the Company evaluates each change order to determine whether such modification creates a separate performance obligation, the majority of change orders are for goods or services that are not distinct within the context of the original contract and, therefore, not treated as a separate performance obligation but rather as a modification of the existing contract and performance obligation. Variable consideration Transaction prices for customer contracts may include variable consideration, which comprises items such as early completion bonuses and liquidated damages provisions. Management estimates variable consideration for a performance obligation utilizing estimation methods believed to best predict the amount of consideration to which the Company will be entitled. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent it is probable, in the Company s judgment, that a significant future reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized under the contract will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Changes in the estimates of transaction prices are recognized in net revenues on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions to the estimates are made. Such changes in estimates may also result in the reversal of previously recognized net revenues if the ultimate outcome differs from the Company s previous estimate. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, there were no significant reversals of revenues recognized associated with the revision of transaction prices. The Company typically does not incur any returns, refunds or similar obligations after the completion of the performance obligation since any deficiencies are corrected during the course of performance. Contract assets and liabilities The Company typically invoices customers with payment terms of net due in . It is also common for contracts in the Company's industries to specify a general contractor is not required to submit payments to a subcontractor until it has received those funds from the owner or funding source. In most instances, the Company receives payment of invoices between to of the date of the invoice. The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Contract assets include unbilled amounts from the Company s projects when revenues are recognized under the cost-to-cost measure of progress and exceeds the amounts invoiced to the Company s customers, as the amounts cannot be billed under the terms of the Company's contracts. In addition, many of the Company s time and material arrangements are billed in arrears pursuant to contract terms, resulting in the Company recording contract assets as net revenues are recognized in advance of billings. Contract liabilities from the Company s contracts arise when amounts invoiced to the Company s customers exceed net revenues recognized under the cost-to-cost measure of progress. Contract liabilities also include advance payments from the Company s customers on certain contracts. Contract liabilities decrease as the Company recognizes net revenues from the satisfaction of the related performance obligation. The Company utilizes the practical expedient under ASC 606 and does not adjust for a significant financing component if the time between payment and the transfer of the related good or service is expected to be one year or less. The Company s revenue arrangements are typically accounted for under such expedient as payments are within one year of performance for the Company s services. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, none of the Company s contracts contained a significant financing component. Contact assets and contract liabilities are classified as current in the consolidated balance sheets as all amounts are expected to be relieved within one year. 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The Company did not recognize significant revenues associated with the final settlement of contract value for any projects completed in prior periods. In accordance with industry practice, accounts receivable includes retentions receivable, a portion of which may not be received within one year. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, retentions receivable wer e and , respectively, while the portions that may not be received within one year were and , respectively. There were no other significant changes due to business acquisitions or significant changes in estimates of contract progress or transaction price. There were significant impairments of contract assets recognized during the period. Costs to obtain or fulfill a contract The Company generally does not incur significant incremental costs related to obtaining or fulfilling a contract prior to the start of a project. The Company may incur certain fulfilment costs such as initial design or mobilization costs which are capitalized if: (i) they relate directly to the contract, (ii) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy the Company s performance obligation under the contract, and (iii) are expected to be recovered through revenues generated under the contract. Such costs, which are amortized over the life of the respective project, were not material for any period presented. 

 71 

Acquisitions 

Measurement period adjustments and other (1) 

() 

() 

Goodwill as of December 31, 2021 

Acquisitions 

Foreign currency translation and other, net (2) 

() 

() 

Goodwill as of December 31, 2022 

(1) Measurement period adjustments related to the finalization of purchase accounting for material and immaterial acquisitions in 2021 (see Note 4 - Business Combinations ). Other includes fluctuations due to foreign currency translation. 

 (2) Other includes measurement period adjustments recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to acquisitions for which the measurement period ended during the year ended December 31, 2022 (see Note 4 - Business Combinations ). 

Intangibles 

() 

Customer relationships 

() 

Trade names and trademarks 

() 

Total 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Weighted Average Remaining Useful Lives (in Years) 

Gross Carrying Amount 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Carrying Amount 

Amortized intangibles: 

Contractual backlog 

() 

Customer relationships 

() 

Trade names and trademarks 

() 

Total 

() 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses 

Total intangible asset amortization expense 

Cash flow hedges - cross currency contracts 

Net investment hedges - cross currency contracts 

Fair value hedges - cross currency contracts 

Derivatives not designated as hedge instruments 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

Total 

Financial liabilities: 

Derivatives not designated as hedge instruments 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

Contingent consideration obligations 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 

Financial assets: 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Derivatives designated as hedge instruments 

Cash flow hedges - cross currency contracts 

Net investment hedges 

Total 

Financial liabilities: 

Derivatives designated as hedge instruments 

Cash flow hedges - interest rate swaps 

() 

() 

Derivatives not designated as hedge instruments 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

Contingent consideration obligations 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

The Company determines the fair value of its derivative instruments designated as hedge instruments using standard pricing models and market-based assumptions for all inputs such as yield curves and quoted spot and forward exchange rates. Accordingly, the Company s derivative instruments are classified as Level 2. Contingent consideration obligations The value of the contingent consideration obligations is determined using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow method. This fair value measurement is based on unobservable inputs in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the purchase agreements (e.g., potential payment amounts, length of measurement periods, manner of calculating any amounts due) and utilizes assumptions with regard to future cash flows, probabilities of achieving such future cash flows, and a discount rate. Depending on the contractual terms of the purchase agreement, the probabilities of achieving future cash flows or earnings generally represent the only significant unobservable inputs. The contingent consideration obligations are measured at fair value each reporting period and changes in estimates of fair value are recognized in earnings. 

Issuances 

Settlements 

() 

() 

Adjustments to fair value 

Balance at the end of the year 

Number of open contingent consideration arrangements at the end of the year 

Maximum potential payout at the end of the year 

At December 31, 2022, the remaining open contingent consideration arrangements are set to expire at various dates through 2024. Level 3 unobservable inputs were used to calculate the fair value adjustments shown in the table above. The fair value adjustments and the related unobservable inputs were not considered significant for the year ended December 31, 2022. Fair value estimates and of the Senior Notes and Senior Notes, respectively. 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

2019 Term Loan 

2021 Term Loan 

Senior Notes 

Senior Notes 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Outstanding Gross 

Other 

Outstanding Gross 

Other 

Notional Amount 

Other Assets 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Notional Amount 

Other Assets 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

Cash flow hedges: 

Interest rate swaps 

() 

Cross currency contracts 

Fair value hedges: 

Cross currency contracts 

Net investment hedges: 

Cross currency contracts 

Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

() 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Total derivatives 

() 

() 

() 

Cross currency contracts 
 
 Investment income and other, net 

Cross currency contracts 
 
 Interest expense, net 

Fair value hedging relationships: 

Cross currency contracts 
 
 Investment income and other, net 

Cross currency contracts 
 
 Interest expense, net 

Net investment hedging relationships: 

Cross currency contracts 
 
 Interest expense, net 

Not designated as hedging instruments: 

Foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Investment income and other, net 

() 

Currency Effects The income (expense) from derivatives designed to offset foreign currency exposure and recorded in investment income and other, net were offset by foreign currency transaction gains and losses resulting in a net (loss) gain of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Amount of gain (loss) 

Amount of gain (loss) 

recognized in other 

reclassified from 

comprehensive income 

Location of gain 
 
 AOCI into income 

Year ended December 31, 

(loss) reclassified from 
 
 Year ended December 31, 

Derivatives 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

AOCI into income 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flow hedging relationships: 

Interest rate swaps 

() 
 
 Interest expense, net 

Cross currency contracts 

Investment income and other, net 

() 

Fair value hedging relationships: 

Cross currency contracts 

() 

Investment income and other, net 

Net investment hedging relationships: 

Cross currency contracts 

Investment income and other, net 

() 

Cash flow hedges For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in current earnings. Interest rate swaps The Company manages its fixed and floating rate debt mix using interest rate swaps. The Company uses interest rate swap contracts to separate interest rate risk management from the debt funding decision. The Company elected a method that does not require continuous evaluation of hedge effectiveness. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company terminated the previously outstanding notional amount interest rate swap with a maturity date in October 2024 2024 Interest Rate Swap ). The present value as of the date of termination of the 2024 Interest Rate Swap is recorded in AOCI on the consolidated balance sheets. The fair value previously recognized in AOCI related to interest rate movements of the 2024 Interest Rate Swap is being amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis through October 2024. As of December 31, 2022, approximately of unrealized pre-tax gains remained in AOCI. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into an aggregate notional amount interest rate swap 2026 Interest Rate Swap that exchanges a variable rate of interest (LIBOR) for an average fixed rate of interest of approximately over the term of the agreement, which matures in October 2026 . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into an aggregate notional amount of interest rate swaps that exchange a variable rate of interest (LIBOR) for an average fixed rate of interest of approximately over the term of the agreements, which mature in January 2028 . These swaps are forward-starting and are effective commencing January 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had notional amount outstanding in swap agreements, which includes the aggregate notional amount of forward-starting swaps, and the notional 2026 Interest Rate Swap. The Company has designated these swaps as cash flow hedges of the interest rate risk attributable to forecasted variable interest (LIBOR) payments. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average fixed rate of interest on these swaps, excluding the forward-starting swap, was approximately . Variations in the assets and liability balances are primarily driven by changes in the applicable forward yield curves related to LIBOR. Cross-currency swaps The Company enters into cross currency exchange contracts utilized to hedge against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash flows denominated in foreign currencies and to hedge exposures of certain intercompany loans subject to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company periodically assesses whether its currency exchange contracts are effective, and when a contract is determined to be no longer effective as a hedge, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively. During 2021, the Company entered into two cross-currency swaps designated as cash flow hedges with gross notional U.S. dollar equivalent amounts of and with maturity dates of September 2027 and 2030, respectively. Fair value hedges The Company has certain intercompany loans subject to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. To hedge these exposures, during the first quarter of 2022, the Company entered into three cross currency swaps each with maturity dates of January 2027. These contracts are designated as fair value hedges with gross notional U.S. dollar equivalents of , , and in GBP, CAD, and EUR, respectively. The Company measures the effectiveness of fair value hedges of anticipated transactions on a spot-to-spot basis. Accordingly, the spot-to-spot change in the derivative fair values are recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and perfectly offset the spot-to-spot change in the underlying intercompany loans, and as such, these hedges are deemed highly effective. The excluded component of the fair values of these derivatives is reported in AOCI within shareholders equity in the consolidated balance sheets. Any cash flows associated with these instruments are included in operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Net investment hedge The Company has net investments in foreign subsidiaries subject to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. During 2021, the Company entered into a notional foreign currency swap designated as a net investment hedge for a portion of the Company s net investments in Euro-denominated subsidiaries. Gains and losses resulting from a change in fair value of the net investment hedge are offset by gains and losses on the underlying foreign currency exposure and are included in AOCI in the consolidated balance sheets. During 2021, the Company amended the critical terms of the foreign currency swap by extending the maturity date and modifying the U.S. dollar and Euro coupons. The amended swap was redesignated as a net investment hedge as a result of the amendment, recorded at fair value with changes recorded in AOCI, and the initial net investment hedge was dedesignated. The amended net investment hedge reduces the Company s interest expense by approximately annually and reduces its overall effective interest rate by approximately basis points and will mature in July 2029. The fair value previously recognized in AOCI related to interest rate movements of the dedesignated swap is being amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis through the third quarter 2029. Foreign currency forward contracts The Company used foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the foreign currency exposure of certain foreign currency transactions. Fair market value gains or losses on foreign currency forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments were included in the results of operations and are classified in investment income and other, net in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Building 

Machinery and equipment 
 
 - 

Autos and trucks 
 
 - 

Office equipment 
 
 - 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 - 

Total cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense related to property and equipment, including finance leases, was , , and , during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Depreciation expense is included within cost of revenues and selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

 78 

. The equipment leases are primarily related to heavy equipment utilized in the completion of construction jobs, and the terms of the agreements range from one to . Vehicle leases have a minimum lease term ranging from one to . the lease term by one to twelve years or more. The Company made an accounting policy election to not recognize lease assets and lease liabilities for leases with terms of twelve months or less. For all other leases, the Company recognizes right-of-use ROU assets and lease liabilities based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date of the lease (or January 1, 2019 for leases existing upon the adoption of ASC 842). The ROU assets also include any initial direct costs incurred and lease payments made at or before the commencement date and are reduced by lease incentives. When material leases are acquired in business combinations, the Company is required to measure the acquired lease liabilities at the present value of the remaining lease payments as if the acquired leases were new leases. A reassessment of the lease term, lessee options to purchase an underlying asset, lease payments, and discount rates is performed as of the date of acquisition. The ROU assets are then remeasured at the amount of the lease liability, adjusted for any off-market terms present in the acquired leases. The Company s future lease payments may include payments that depend on an index or a rate (such as the consumer price index). The Company initially measures payments based on an index or rate using the applicable rate at lease commencement, and subsequent changes in such rates are recognized as variable lease costs in the period incurred. Some leases contain variable payments that are not based on an index or rate, and therefore are not included in the initial measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities. These variable payments typically represent additional services transferred to the Company, such as common area maintenance for real estate, and maintenance or service programs for vehicles, and are recorded in lease expense in the period incurred. For leases that include residual value guarantees or payments for terminating the lease, the Company includes these costs in the lease liability when it is probable they will be incurred. The Company determines the present value of lease payments using its incremental borrowing rate IBR ), as the Company s leases generally do not have a readily determinable implicit discount rate. The Company applies judgment in assessing factors such as Company-specific credit risk, lease term, nature and quality of the underlying collateral, and economic environment in determining the incremental borrowing rates for its leases. The Company s IBR reflects the rate of the parent or group level. The Company acts as the central treasury function for all its subsidiaries and its collateral quality was considered in aggregate for the IBR. The Company developed IBR curves for all currency denominations of its leases. To determine its creditworthiness, the Company considered publicly available credit ratings from S P Global Ratings S P and Moody s Investors Service Moody s ). Both the S P local currency long-term rating and the Moody s long-term corporate family credit ratings have improved slightly at BB- and Ba2, respectively, in the credit ratings that were released in September 2021. The amount (and impact) of the Company s future operating lease payments, a consideration in the development of the IBR, would be reflected in the Company s underlying credit rating. In its development of the IBR, the Company applied a base market yield curve reflective of its unsecured credit rating. Adjustments to the base market yield curve were then considered for any Company-specific debt instruments outstanding at the measurement date, and securitization adjustments were made to conclude on a lessee specific securitized market yield curve. No adjustment was considered for economic environment risk for the U.S. IBR as the underlying market data to derive the IBR was in USD. The Company also has significant leases located in (denominated in): Canada (CAD), European Union (EUR), United Kingdom (GBP), and Australia (AUD). To derive the applicable foreign IBR curves, the Company adjusted its concluded United States/USD IBR curve to the applicable foreign IBR curves using the covered interest rate parity theory, which captures foreign currency risk. The Company developed its IBR curves with tenors ranging from 1- year to 30-years to match its anticipated lease terms. For each lease, the Company applied the IBR that aligned with the concluded lease term. The Company estimated the IBRs on a quarterly basis throughout 2022, which ranged from to a cross all currencies for the through tenor. The Company has made an accounting policy election to account for lease and non-lease components in its contracts as a single lease component for all asset classes except for certain asset classes within its information technology arrangements. The Company allocates the consideration for certain asset classes within information technology arrangements to the separate components based on relative stand-alone prices using observable prices, if available, or estimates of stand-alone prices using observable information available. Operating lease cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Finance lease cost is recognized as a combination of amortization expense for the ROU assets and interest expense for the outstanding lease liabilities, and results in a front-loaded expense pattern over the lease term. 

Finance lease cost - amortization of right-of-use assets 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Financing cash outflows - payments on finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Included within ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations during the year ended December 31, 2022, there were and of operating and financing leases, respectively, which were adjusted to fair value as part of the Chubb Acquisition. Additionally, ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations during the year ended December 31, 2020, there were and of operating and financing leases, respectively, which were adjusted to fair value as part of acquisition activity. 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Weighted-average remaining lease term: 

Operating leases 
 
 years 

years 

Finance leases 
 
 years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total present value of lease liabilities 

Operating and finance leases - current 

Operating and finance leases - non-current 

Total present value of lease liabilities 

The Company leases office and operating facilities from various parties that are in management positions at certain businesses and the Company incurred rent expense, including real estate taxes and operating costs of approxima tely , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, under these arrangements. 

 81 

Revolving Credit Facility 

2021 Term Loan 

Senior notes 

Senior Notes 

Senior Notes 

Other obligations 

Total debt obligations 

Less: unamortized deferred financing costs 

() 

() 

Total debt, net of deferred financing costs 

Less: short-term and current portion of long-term debt 

() 

() 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Term loan facility As of December 31, 2022, the Company had o f principal outstanding under the 2019 Term Loan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made payments of o n the 2019 Term Loan. The interest rate applicable to the 2019 Term Loan is, at our option, either (a) a base rate plus an applicable margin equal to or (b) a Eurocurrency rate (adjusted for statutory reserves) plus an applicable margin equal to . The Company completed an amendment to its credit agreement during 2022 2022 Incremental Amendment and entered into an incremental term loan 2021 Term Loan ), with a maturity date of . The interest rate applicable to the 2021 Term Loan is, at the Company's option, either (1) a base rate plus an applicable margin equal to or (2) Stock Eurocurrency rate (adjusted for statutory reserves) plus an applicable margin equal to . The 2021 Term Loan bal ance will bear interest at per annum based on one-month LIBOR plus 275 basis points, but the rate will fluctuate as LIBOR fluctuates. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made paym ents of on the 2021 Term Loan. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a interest rate swap with respect to of notional value of the 2019 Term Loan, exchanging one-month LIBOR for a fixed rate of per annum. Accordingly, the Company's fixed interest rate per annum on the swapped notional value of the 2019 Term Loan is through its maturity. The remain ing of the 2019 Term Loan balance will bear interest at p er annum based on . Starting in January 2023, the Company will have a interest rate swap on the 2021 Term Loan exchanging one-month LIBOR for a rate of . Refer to Note 9 - Derivatives for additional information. Under the 2022 Incremental Amendment, the Company increased the revolving credit facility capacity by an additional aggregate principal amount of to and extended the maturity date to . The interest rate applicable to borrowings under the senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility is, at the Company s option, either (1) a base rate plus an applicable margin equal to , or (2) a Eurocurrency rate (adjusted for statutory reserves) plus an applicable margin equal to . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, and and was available at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, after giving effect to and of outstanding letters of credit, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with all applicable debt covenants. Senior notes Senior Notes During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company completed a private offering of aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes (the Senior Notes issued under an indenture dated June 22, 2021. The Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries. The Company used the net proceeds from the sale of the Senior Notes to prepay a portion of the 2019 Term Loan, repay a previously outstanding term loan of , and fund general corporate purposes. Senior Notes During the year ended December 31, 2021, The Company completed a private offering of aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2029 (the Senior Notes ), issued under an indenture dated October 21, 2021, as supplemented by a supplemental indenture dated January 3, 2022. The gross proceeds from the offering were held in an escrow account as of December 31, 2021 and classified within restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheets. Upon closing of the Chubb Acquisition, the funds were released from escrow and at that time the Senior Notes were fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company and certain of the Company's subsidiaries. Senior Notes Repurchases During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased on the open m arket and of the Senior Notes and Senior Notes, respectively (the Repurchases ). In connection with the Repurchases, the Company recognized a net gain on debt extinguishment of . The Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the indentures governing the Senior Notes and Senior Notes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Other obligations As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an d in notes outstanding, respectively, for working capital purposes and the acquisition of equipment and vehicles. Amounts outstanding under these notes are included in the table below . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

() 

Foreign earnings (loss) 

() 

Total earnings (loss) 

() 

State 

Foreign 

Total current tax provision 

Deferred: 

U.S. federal 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax (benefit) provision 

() 

() 

Total income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

() 

Withholding taxes on foreign entities 

() 
 
 () 

State tax provision (benefit), net of federal benefit 

() 

Uncertain tax positions 

() 
 
 () 

Foreign rate differential 

() 
 
 () 

Valuation allowance 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Transaction costs 

() 

Section 162(m) limitation 

() 

Permanent differences and other 

() 

Total provision (benefit) for income taxes 

() 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued expenses 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Goodwill 

Amortization on identified intangible assets 

Contingent consideration and compensation liabilities 

Derivatives 

Capital loss carryforwards 

Credits 

Reserves and allowances 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 
 
 () 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation on fixed assets 

Goodwill 

Amortization on identified intangible assets 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Derivatives 

Deferred payments 

Pension and post-retirement obligations 

Withholding taxes on foreign earnings 

Other 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax (liabilities) assets 
 
 () 

Deferred income tax assets represent potential future income tax benefits. Realization of these assets is ultimately dependent upon future taxable income. Deferred tax assets must be reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on all available evidence, it is considered more likely than not that some or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in a future period. The Company considers all negative and positive evidence, including the weight of the evidence, to determine if a valuation allowance is required. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, valuation allowances of and were recorded against certain deferred tax assets of the Company s foreign subsidiaries. The increase in valuation allowance year over year is due to the Chubb Acquisition. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had gross federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately , , and , respectively. and begin to expire in . . Prior to 2022, the Company had recorded a deferred tax liability of for withholding taxes related to foreign subsidiaries' unremitted earnings. Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, in conjunction with the Chubb Acquisition, the Company has asserted permanent reinvestment of the undistributed earnings of approximately of international affiliates unless the earnings can be remitted in a net income tax benefit or tax neutral manner. As a result, the deferred tax liability was recorded to income tax benefit during the first quarter of 2022. If there are future policy changes, the Company would record the applicable taxes in the period of change. Due to the complexity of the legal entity structure, the number of legal entities and jurisdictions involved, and the complexity of the laws and regulations, the Company believes it is not practicable to estimate the amount of additional taxes which may be payable upon distribution of these undistributed earnings. Accordingly, no deferred taxes have been provided for withholding taxes or other taxes on permanently reinvested earnings. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 

Additions for tax positions taken in a prior period (including acquired uncertain tax positions) 

Reductions for tax positions taken in a prior period (including acquired uncertain tax positions) 

() 

() 

Additions for tax positions taken in the current period 

Reductions for tax positions taken in current period 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

Gross unrecognized tax benefits as of the end of the year 

The Company s liability for unrecognized tax benefits is recorded within other non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company had and of accrued gross interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company did t recognize net interest expense. If all of the Company s unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 were recognized, would impact the Company s effective tax rate. The Company does not expect any unrecognized tax benefits to expire in the next twelve months due to lapses in the statute of limitations. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, with few exceptions, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries are subject to examination prior to tax year 2014. There are various other audits in state and foreign jurisdictions. No adjustments have been proposed and the Company does not expect the results of the audits to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

 of the lesser of (i) the market value of the common stock on the first date of the offering period, or (ii) the market value of the common stock on the purchase date, whichever is lower. Participants are subject to eligibility requirements and may not purchase more than shares in any offering period or more than dollars of common stock in a year under the ESPP. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reco gnized of exp ense, and issued shares of the Company's common stock at a weighted-average price per s hare of related to the ESPP. T he total cash proceeds from the ESPP during the year ended December 31, 202 2 was . As of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued a liability of , w hich has been recorded as accrued salaries and wages in the consolidated balance sheets, fo r shares of the Company's common stock that were issued to employees in January 2023. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately shares reserved for future issuance under the ESPP. 401(k) plans The Company has 401(k) plans that provide for annual contributions not to exceed the maximum amount allowed by the Internal Revenue Code. The plans are qualified and cover employees meeting certain eligibility requirements who are not covered by collective bargaining agreements. The amounts contributed each year are discretionary and are determined annually by management. The Company recogniz ed , , an d , i n 401(k) expense during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Defined benefit pension plans The Company sponsors both funded and unfunded foreign defined benefit pension plans that cover a portion of the Company's employees, and the largest plans are closed to new participants and frozen for accrual of future service. Refer to Note 15 - Pension for more information on these plans. Post-retirement benefit plans As part of the Chubb Acquisition, the Company assumed an unfunded p ost-retirement benefit plan that provides life benefits to certain eligible retirees in Canada. As of December 31, 2022, the benefit obligation was . The PBO discount rat e was a t December 31, 2022. Benefit payments, including amounts to be paid from corporate assets and reflecting expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be less th an fo r 2023 through and thereafter. Profit sharing plans The Company has a trustee-administered, profit sharing retirement plan covering substantially all of the Company's employees in the U.S. not covered by collective bargaining agreements and also adopted a profit sharing plan for employees in Canada (collectively, Profit Sharing Plans ). The Profit Sharing Plans provide for annual discretionary contributions in amounts based on a performance grid as determined by the Company s directors. In connection with these plans, the Company recog nized , , and in expense for shares distributed to eligible employees during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued a liability of and , respectively, which has been recorded as accrued salaries and wages in the consolidated balance sheets for shares of the Company's common stock. The liability accrued as of December 31, 2021 was settled in common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. Multiemployer pension plans The Company participates in several multiemployer pension plans MEPP that provide retirement benefits to certain union employees in accordance with various collective bargaining agreements CBA ). As one of many participating employers in these MEPPs, the Company may be responsible with the other participating employers for any plan underfunding. The Company s contributions to a particular MEPP are established by the applicable CBAs; however, its required contributions may increase based on the funded status of the MEPP and the legal requirements of the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the PPA ), which requires substantially underfunded MEPPs to implement a funding improvement plan FIP or a rehabilitation plan RP to improve their funded status. Factors that could impact the funded status of the MEPP include, without limitation, investment performance, changes in the participant demographics, decline in the number of contributing employers, changes in actuarial assumptions, and the utilization of extended amortization provisions. The Company believes that certain of the MEPPs in which the Company participates may have underfunded vested benefits. Due to uncertainty regarding future factors that could trigger withdrawal liability, as well as the absence of specific information regarding the MEPPs current financial situation, the Company is unable to determine (a) the amount and timing of any future withdrawal liability, if any, and (b) whether the Company s participation in these MEPPs could have a material adverse impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. The Company did t record any withdrawal liability for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The EIN/PN column provides the Employer Identification Number EIN and the three-digit plan number PN ). The most recent PPA zone status available for 2022, 2021 and 2020 is for the plan year ends, as indicated below. The zone status is based on information that the Company received from the plans and is certified by the plans actuaries. Among other factors, plans in the red zone are generally less than 65 funded, plans in the yellow zone are between 65 and 80 funded, and plans in the green zone are at least 80 funded. The FIP/RP status pending/implemented column indicates plans for which an FIP or an RP either is pending or has been implemented. In addition, the Company may be subject to a surcharge if the Plan is in the red zone. The Surcharge imposed column indicates whether a surcharge has been imposed on contributions to the Plan. The last column lists the expiration date(s) of the collective bargaining agreement(s) to which the plans are subject. 

Twin City Pipe Trades Pension Plan 
 41-6131800 - 

Sheet Metal Workers' National Pension Fund 
 52-6112463 - 

Yes 

Asbestos Workers Local 2 Pension Fund 
 23-6030054 - 

Boilermaker-Blacksmith National Pension Trust 
 48-6168020 - 

Yes 

National Electrical Benefit Fund 
 53-0181657 - 

Heavy And General Laborers Local Unions 472 And 172 Of New Jersey Pension Fund 
 22-6032103 - 

Plumbers And Pipefitters National Pension Fund 
 52-6152779 - 

Yes 

Central Pension Fund Of The IUOE Participating Employers 
 36-6052390 - 

Sheet Metal Workers' Local 10 Pension Fund 
 41-1562581 - 

Minnesota Laborers Pension Fund 
 41-6159599 - 

Building Trades United Pension Trust Fund Milwaukee And Vicinity 
 51-6049409 - 

Total other 

Total 

(1) The zone status represents the most recent available information for the respective MEPP, which may be 2021 or earlier for the 2022 year and 2020 or earlier for the 2021 year. 

 (2) This information was obtained from the respective plan s Form 5500 (Forms) for the most current available filing. These dates may not correspond with the Company s fiscal year contributions. The above-noted percentages of contributions are based upon disclosures contained in the plans Forms. Those Forms, among other things, disclose the names of individual participating employers whose annual contributions account for more than 5 of the aggregate annual amount contributed by all participating employers for a plan year. Accordingly, if the annual contribution of two or more of the Company s subsidiaries each accounted for less than 5 of such contributions, but in the aggregate accounted for in excess of 5 of such contributions, that greater percentage is not available and accordingly is not disclosed. 

 (3) 2022, 2021, and 2020 periods represent the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

The nature and diversity of the Company s business may result in volatility in the amount of its contributions to a particular MEPP for any given period. That is because, in any given market, the Company could be working on a significant project and/or projects, which could result in an increase in its direct labor force and a corresponding increase in its contributions to the MEPP(s) dictated by the applicable CBA. When that particular project(s) finishes and is not replaced, the number of participants in the MEPP(s) who are employed by the Company would also decrease, as would its level of contributions to the particular MEPP(s). Additionally, the amount of contributions to a particular MEPP could also be affected by the terms of the CBA, which could require, at a particular time, an increase in the contribution rate and/or surcharges. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s contributions to various MEPP(s) did not significantly increase as a result of acquisitions. 

 Guidance under FASB ASC Topic 715, Compensation Retirement Benefits , requires balance sheet recognition of the overfunded or underfunded status of pension and postretirement benefit plans. Under this guidance, actuarial gains and losses, prior service costs or credits, and any remaining transition assets or obligations that have not been recognized under previous accounting standards must be recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax effects, until they are amortized as a component of net periodic benefit cost. Pension and post-retirement obligation balances and related costs reflected within the consolidated balance sheets include costs directly attributable to plans dedicated to the Company. 

December 31, 2022 

Projected benefit obligation PBO funded status 

Fair value of plan assets 

Benefit obligations 
 
 () 

Funded status of plans 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Change in benefit obligation 

Beginning balance 

Acquisition 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Plan participants' contributions 

Actuarial gain 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

Settlements 

() 

Currency impact 

() 

Ending balance 

Change in plan assets 

Beginning balance 

Acquisition 

Employer contributions 

Plan participants' contributions 

Benefits paid 

() 

Actual return on assets 

() 

Settlements 

() 

Currency impact 

() 

Ending balance 

Other accrued liabilities 
 
 () 

Other noncurrent liabilities 
 
 () 

Net amount recognized 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

Fair value of plan assets 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

Fair value of plan assets 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

Net periodic pension benefit 

() 

Interest cost 

Service cost 

Salary scale 

Expected return on plan assets 

The discount rate assumptions are developed using a bond yield curve constructed from a population of high-quality, non-callable, corporate bond issues with maturities ranging from to . A discount rate is estimated for and is based on the durations of the underlying plans. The expected long-term rate of return used for the Company s pension plans is determined in each local jurisdiction and is based on the assets held in that jurisdiction, the expected rate of returns for the type of assets held and any guaranteed rate of return provided by the investment. The other assumptions used to measure the pension obligations, including discount rate, vary by country based on specific local requirements and information. Non-U.S. pension plan assets are typically managed by decentralized fiduciary committees. The disclosure below of asset categories is presented in aggregate for defined benefit plans in countries; however, there is variation in asset allocation policy from country to country. Local regulations, local funding rules, and local financial and tax considerations are part of the funding and investment allocation process in each country. Each plan has its own strategic asset allocation. The asset allocations are reviewed periodically and rebalanced when necessary. The Company has no significant concentration of risk in the assets of its pension plans. 

Debt securities 

Real estate 

Other 

Total 

Fixed income securities: 

Governments 

Corporate bonds 

Global fixed income at net asset value 

Real estate 2 

Other 3 

Cash cash equivalents 4 

Subtotal 

Other assets liabilities 5 

Total at December 31, 2022 

(1) In accordance with ASU 2015-07, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820), certain investments that are measured at fair value using net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented for the total pension assets. 

 (2) Represents investments in real estate, including commingled funds and directly held properties. 

 (3) Represents insurance contracts and global risk balanced commingled funds consisting mainly of equity, bonds, and some commodities. 

 (4) Represents short-term commercial paper, bonds, and other cash or cash-like investments. 

 (5) Represents trust receivables and payables that are not leveled. 

Derivatives in the plan are primarily used to manage risk and gain asset class exposure while still maintaining liquidity. Derivative instruments mainly consist of equity futures, interest rate futures, interest rate swaps, and currency forward contracts. The plans review assets at least quarterly to ensure they are within the targeted asset allocation ranges and, if necessary, asset balances are adjusted back within target allocations. The plans generally employ a broadly diversified investment manager structure that includes diversification by active and passive management, style, capitalization, country, sector, industry, and number of investment managers. Quoted market prices are used to value investments when available. Investments in securities traded on exchanges, including listed futures and options, are valued at the last reported sale prices on the last business day of the year or, if not available, the last reported bid prices. Fixed income securities are primarily measured using a market approach pricing methodology, where observable prices are obtained by market transactions involving identical or comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings. Over-the-counter securities and government obligations are valued at the bid prices or the average of the bid and ask prices on the last business day of the year from published sources or, if not available, from other sources considered reliable, generally broker quotes. Temporary cash investments are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company made total contributions of approximately to the global defined benefit pension plans in 2022, including a one-time contribution of . Contributions do not reflect benefits to be paid directly from corporate assets. The Company estimates contributions to be made to its pension plans will approximate in 2023. Benefit payments, including amounts to be paid from the plans and corporate assets, and reflecting expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid as follows: in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, in 2027, and from 2028 through 2032. 

 91 

shares in January 2022 to Mariposa Acquisition IV, LLC, a related entity that is controlled by the co-chair of the Company s Board of Directors. In addition, the Company incurred advisory fees of during both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, payable to Mariposa Capital, LLC, an entity owned by the co-chair of the Company s Board of Directors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued and sold shares of the Company s Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series B Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of . Of the shares issued and sold, shares were sold to Viking Global Equities Master Ltd. and Viking Global Equities II LP Viking Purchasers ), which is the aggregate owner of more than of the Company's outstanding stock, for an aggregate purchase price of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared dividends of shares of common stock on the Series B Preferred Stock held by the Viking Purchasers, with shares issued in 2022, and shares issued in January 2023. The Company has entered into sales contracts with Royal Oak Enterprises, an entity controlled by the co-chair of the Company's Board o f Directors, and recorded in net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, and as of December 31, 2022 had in accounts receivable, net of allowances. From time to time, t he Company also enters into other immaterial related-party transactions. 

 and , and was included in other noncurrent liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive an annual dividend in the form of common shares or cash, at the Company s sole option (for which the Company settled in shares subsequent to year end) based on the increase in the market price of the Company s common stock (the Annual Dividend Amount ). The Annual Dividend Amount is equal to of the increase in the volume-weighted average market price per share of the Company s common shares for the last ten trading days of the calendar year, multiplied by shares. As of December 31, 2021, the Annual Dividend Amount was calculated based on the appreciation of the Company s share price of over the highest price previously used in calculating the Annual Dividend Amount of . As of December 31, 2022, an annual dividend was not declared as the volume-weighted average market price per share of the Company's common shares for the last ten trading days of the calendar year was not above the highest previously used dividend price of . The annual dividend declared as of December 31, 2021 resulted in shares of common stock issued to the Series A Preferred Stock holders in January 2022. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock are also entitled to participate in any dividends on the common shares on an if-converted basis. In addition, if the Company pays a dividend on its common shares, the Series A Preferred Stock holders will also receive an amount equal to of the dividend which would be distributable on o f common shares. All such dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will be paid at the same time as the dividends on the common shares. Dividends are paid for the term the Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into one common share at the option of the holder until conversion. If there is more than one holder of Series A Preferred Stock, a holder of Series A Preferred Stock may exercise its rights independently of any other holder of Series A Preferred Stock. for one basis upon the last day of 2026. Stock repurchases The Company is authorized to purchase up to an aggregate of of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the stock repurchase program SRP ), which will expire on unless otherwise modified or terminated by the Company's Board of Directors. The SRP authorizes open market, private, and accelerated share repurchase transactions. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchas ed shares of common stock for approximately . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately of auth orized repurchases remaining under the SRP. Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued and sold, for an aggregate purchase price of , shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock, par value per share. The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to dividends at the rate of per annum, payable in cash or the Company s common stock, at the Company's election. The Series B Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Company's common stock and Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividend rights and rights upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of the Company. The Series B Preferred Stock is classified as redeemable convertible preferred stock on the consolidated balance sheets due to a provision that a change in control or de-listing of the Company could require the Company to redeem the Series B Preferred Stock for cash at the election of the holder. The Series B Preferred Stock is convertible, at the holder s option, into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to per share, subject to certain customary adjustments. The holders of Series B Preferred Stock have certain other rights including voting rights on an as-converted basis, certain pre-emptive rights on private equity offerings by the Company, certain registration rights, and, in the case of certain holders, certain director designation rights, as provided in the certificate of designation governing the Series B Preferred Stock. The Company may, at its option, effect conversion of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock to common stock, but only if the volume-weighted average price of the Company's common stock exceeds per share for 15 consecutive trading day s. Dividends The holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at a rate of as and when declared by the Board of Directors, prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on the Company's common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock dividends are cumulative and accrued quarterly, in cash or in common stock, based on an annual dividend rate. The Company declared and issued Series B Preferred Stock dividends of or sh ares of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company declared a Series B Preferred Stock dividend of or shares of common stock in December 2022 and issued the shares in January 2023. If regular dividends are to be paid in shares of common stock, then each holder shall be entitled to receive such number of whole shares of common stock as is determined by dividing the pro rata amount of regular dividends to which a holder is entitled by the average price per share of common stock over the dividend determination period from dividend notice until the payment date. 

 Stock Options At December 31, 2022, there were share-based awards collectively available for grant under the 2019 Plan. T . The share-based awards granted to employees include stock options and time-based restricted stock units, as follows: In 2017 upon its initial public offering, the Company issued nonqualified stock options to independent, non-executive directors at exercise price of per share with contractual terms of from the date of the acquisition of APi Group (the APi Acquisition ). These stock options were performance based and vested on the consummation of the APi Acquisition. The Company has not granted stock options since 2017. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Restricted Stock Units The Company has issued Time-Based Restricted Stock Units RSUs ), Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units with EBITDA-based performance conditions PSUs ), and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units with share-price targets MSUs ), which are independent of stock option grants and all generally subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to vesting. Forfeitures are estimated and recorded using historical forfeiture rates. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company awarded new RSUs, PSUs, and MSUs, detailed below (shares in whole numbers and per share values in whole dollars). Time-Based Restricted Stock Units The RSUs entitle recipients to shares of the Company s common stock and primarily vest in equal installments over a service period from date of grant. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

EBITDA Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units The PSUs entitle recipients to shares of the Company's common stock if specified performance conditions are achieved. performance period. If the performance conditions are not met, no compensation cost is recognized and any recognized compensation cost is reversed. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

() 

Change in units based on performance expectations 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

Market Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units The MSUs entitle the recipient to shares of the Company's common stock if specified market conditions are achieved. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company approved and granted MSUs with certain share-price targets. Total MSUs granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 had a weighted-average grant date fair value of . The MSUs will vest , if at all, on the later of March 9, 2025, the third anniversary of the grant date, and the date that such performance condition is satisfied (but no later than March 9, 2027). For awards subject to a market condition, the grant-date fair value is estimated using a Monte Carlo valuation model. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense for awards subject to market-based vesting conditions regardless of whether it becomes probable that these conditions will be achieved or not, and stock-based compensation expense for any such awards is not reversed if vesting does not actually occur. The Monte Carlo model is based on random projections of stock price paths and must be repeated numerous times to achieve a probabilistic assessment. Expected volatility is calculated based on the historical volatility and implied volatility of the Company's common stock, and the risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury yield curve rates with maturities consistent with the three-year vesting period. 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

The Company reco gnized and of compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for the RSUs, PSUs, and MSUs in total. Total unrecognized compensation related to unvested RSUs, PSUs, and MSUs as of December 31, 2022 was approximate ly , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years, year s, and ye ars, respectively. The Company's actual tax benefits realized from the tax deductions related to the vesting of RSUs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 w as a nd , respectively. 

Less income attributable to Series A Preferred Stock 

() 

() 

Less income attributable to Series B Preferred Stock 

() 

Less stock dividend attributable to Series B Preferred Stock 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Income (loss) per common share - basic 

() 

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share: 

Net income 

Less income attributable to Series A Preferred Stock 

() 

() 

Less stock dividend attributable to Series B Preferred Stock 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders - diluted 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

Dilutive securities: 

RSUs, warrants, and stock options (1) 

Shares issuable upon conversion of Series B Preferred Shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

Income (loss) per common share - diluted 

() 
 
 (1) The following items were excluded from the calculation of diluted shares as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive: 

 a. For the years ended December 31, 2022 a nd 2021, shares of Series A Preferred Stock, which are convertible to the same number of common shares. 

 b. For the year ended December 31, 2021, stock options to purchase the same number of common shares. 

 c. For the year ended December 31, 2021, common share equivalents, which represent the dividend that the Series A Preferred Stock holders are entitled to receive. (See additional description in Note 18 - Shareholders' Equity 

 d. For the year ended December 31, 2021, RSUs and PSUs. 

operating segments which represent the Company s reportable segments: Safety Services and Specialty Services. This structure is generally focused on various businesses related to contracting services and maintenance of industrial and commercial facilities. Both reportable segments derive their revenues from installation, inspection, maintenance, service and repair, retrofitting and upgrading, engineering and design, distribution, fabrication and various types of other services in over countries. The Safety Services segment focuses on end-to-end integrated occupancy systems (fire protection services, HVAC, and entry systems), including design, installation, inspection and service of these integrated systems. The work performed within this segment spans across industries and facilities and includes commercial, education, healthcare, high tech, industrial and special-hazard settings. The Specialty Services segment provides a variety of infrastructure services and specialized industrial plant services, which includes maintenance and repair of critical infrastructure such as underground electric, gas, water, sewer and telecommunications infrastructure. This segment's services include engineering and design, fabrication, installation, maintenance service and repair, retrofitting and upgrading, pipeline infrastructure, access and road construction, supporting facilities, and performing ongoing integrity management and maintenance to customers within the energy industry. Customers within this segment vary from private and public utilities, communications, healthcare, education, transportation, manufacturing, industrial plants and governmental agencies throughout North America. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies . All intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation. Intercompany revenues and costs between entities within a reportable segment are eliminated to arrive at segment totals and eliminations between segments are separately presented. Corporate results include amounts related to corporate functions such as administrative costs, professional fees, acquisition-related transaction costs (exclusive of acquisition integration costs, which are included within the segment results of the acquired businesses), and other discrete items. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA is the measure of profitability used by management to manage its segments and, accordingly, in its segment reporting. As appropriate, the Company supplements the reporting of consolidated financial information determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP with certain non-U.S. GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA. The Company believes these non-U.S. GAAP measures provide meaningful information and help investors understand the Company s financial results and assess its prospects for future performance. The Company uses EBITDA to evaluate its performance, both internally and as compared with its peers, because it excludes certain items that may not be indicative of the Company s core operating results for its reportable segments. Segment EBITDA is calculated in a manner consistent with consolidated EBITDA. 

() 

EBITDA Reconciliation 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Plus: 

Investment income and other, net 

Non-service pension benefit 

Gain on extinguishment of debt, net 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

EBITDA 

() 

Total assets 

Capital expenditures 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Safety Services 

Specialty Services 

Corporate and Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net revenues 

() 

EBITDA Reconciliation 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Plus: 

Investment income and other, net 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

() 

() 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

EBITDA 

() 

Total assets 

Capital expenditures 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Safety Services 

Specialty Services 

Corporate and Eliminations 

Consolidated 

Net revenues 

() 

EBITDA Reconciliation 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Plus: 

Investment income and other, net 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

EBITDA 

() 

Total assets 

Capital expenditures 

, to both the 2019 Term Loan and 2021 Term Loan. As a result, the 2019 Term Loan and the 2021 Term Loan have remaining principal amounts of and , respectively. During February 2023, the Company entered into a non-binding agreement to sell a property within the Safety Services segment for a sale price of approximately . The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023. 

 98 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating such controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives as specified above. However, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all errors and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a 15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the guidelines established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting identified and further described below. 
 As permitted by SEC guidance, management has excluded from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting the internal controls related to the Chubb Fire Security business acquired on January 3, 2022. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, total assets and total operating revenues excluded from management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting related to this business represented approximately 47 and 31 of the Company s consolidated total assets and total operating revenues, respectively. 
 Management identified a material weakness over user access controls related to an information technology system which resulted from insufficient risk assessment. As a result of the user access control deficiencies, process level controls at certain entities that use information from the affected system cannot be relied upon. Additionally, management identified a material weakness related to ineffective operation of process level controls over revenue recognition, which resulted from insufficient training. 
 A material weakness (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 These control deficiencies did not result in material misstatements identified in the preparation of consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. However, these control deficiencies create a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to the consolidated financial statements would not have been prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 99 

KPMG LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our consolidated financial statements included in this report, and has also issued an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which is included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 2022 Remediation Activities 
 In its 2021 Item 9A filed on Form 10-K, management indicated that full remediation of identified material weaknesses would most likely extend over multiple years. While we believe that we have taken meaningful steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate the previously reported material weaknesses, certain IT general controls and process level controls were implemented late in 2022. Therefore, while we were able to remediate most of the previously identified material weaknesses, full remediation was not realized as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company performed the following remediation activities in 2022: 
 We hired additional accounting, finance and IT personnel, including senior management, with assigned responsibility and accountability for financial reporting processes and internal controls. Further, we provided U.S. GAAP and internal controls training for employees and contractors involved with our internal control over financial reporting processes; 

We conducted a detailed review and re-documentation of key policies, business processes and controls and have made control design changes to ensure that control objectives are met. We have updated many of our financial reporting policies and procedures and enhanced testing for internal controls; 

We enhanced the information and communication processes to ensure the organization communicates information internally in a timely manner, including information regarding objectives, responsibilities and the functioning of internal controls over financial reporting. These enhancements include more frequent discussion of significant business transactions and the impact of these transactions on the Company s financial reporting, and improving communication to employees regarding their responsibilities for ensuring that effective internal controls are maintained; and 

Except as otherwise noted in this report, we established information technology (IT) and other critical systems infrastructure, and have enhanced the information technology general control (ITGC) framework to support all business applications and infrastructure. We obtained and evaluated Service Organization Control reports from outside service providers for key applications utilized in financial reporting to ensure controls at the service organizations, in combination with the Company s own controls, achieve the Company s objectives and assertions related to financial reporting. 

As a result of the remediation activities during 2022, we remediated the prior year material weaknesses except as noted in our current report. 
 Ongoing Remediation Plan 
 We will continue to strengthen our internal control over financial reporting and are committed to ensuring that such controls are operating effectively. We are implementing process and control improvements to address the above material weakness as follows: 
 We will conduct additional training with control owners and reviewers within operations and finance with a specific focus on sufficient documentation and evidence in the execution of the controls; 

We will conduct an evaluation of ITGCs and related policies, with a focus on risk assessment procedures and controls related to access to IT systems and implement an IT management review and testing plan to monitor ITGCs with a specific focus on systems supporting our financial reporting processes. 

As anticipated, a remediation effort of this magnitude takes multiple years to complete and we have made significant progress in 2021 and 2022 with the Company s multi-year remediation plans. Based on this progress, management believes full remediation of current material weaknesses can be achieved within the next year. In addition, under the direction of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, we will continue to review and make necessary changes to the overall design of the Company s internal control environment, as well as to refine policies and procedures to improve the overall effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of the Company. 
 100 

The material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not be considered remediated until the remediated controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. No system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls will be met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control deficiencies or material weaknesses have been or will be detected. There is no assurance that the remediation will be fully effective. As described above, these material weaknesses have not been remediated as of the filing date of this Annual Report. If these remediation efforts do not prove effective and control deficiencies and material weaknesses persist or occur in the future, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management, together with our CEO and CFO, evaluated the changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 Other than changes described above, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 
 101 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information on executive officers required by this item is incorporated by reference from Executive Officers in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement to be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022 (the Definitive Proxy Statement ). 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information required by this Item will be contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information required by this Item, other that the information regarding our equity plans set forth below required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K, will be contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table provides information about the Company's equity compensation plans under which the Company's equity securities are authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2019 Plan (1) 

2,030,916 

13,574,813 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Director Stock Options (2) 

125,000 

11.50 

Total 

2,155,916 

0.67 
 
 (3) 
 
 13,574,813 

(1) Included in the total number of securities in column (a) is 2,030,916 time-based restricted stock units, EBITDA performance-based restricted stock units, and market performance-based restricted stock units, which have no exercise price. 

(2) Represents stock options previously issued in connection with its initial public offering to the Company's then non-founder directors. 

(3) The weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights (excluding time-based restricted stock units, EBITDA performance-based restricted stock units, and market performance-based restricted stock units) is 11.50. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information required by this Item will be contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information required by this Item will be contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 102 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following financial statements, schedules and exhibits are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements the consolidated financial statements and the reports of the Independent Registered Public Accounting firms are listed on pages 50 through 98. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits including those incorporated by reference The Exhibit Index below contains a list of exhibits filed or furnished with this Form 10-K. 
 103 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description (File No. 001-39275) 

2.3# 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement by and between Carrier Global Corporation, Carrier Investments UK Limited, Chubb Limited and APi Group Corporation dated as of July 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 30, 2021). 

2.4# 
 
 Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement by and between Carrier Global Corporation, Carrier Investments UK Limited, Chubb Limited and APi Group Corporation dated as of January 3, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of APi Group Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 effective May 1, 2020 (File No. 333-237553)). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of 5.5 Series B Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, effective as of January 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022). 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws of APi Group Corporation Certificate of Incorporation of APi Group Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 effective May 1, 2020 (File No. 333-237553)). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Capital Stock. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022). 

4.2 
 
 Indenture, dated as of June 22, 2021, by and among APi Group Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2022, among APi Group DE, Inc., APi Group Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2022). 

4.4 
 
 Form of 4.125 Senior Note due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Indenture, dated as of October 21, 2021, between APi Escrow Corp. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021). 

4.6 
 
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 3, 2022, among APi DE, the Company, the guaranteeing subsidiaries and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022). 

4.7 
 
 Form of 4.750 Senior Note due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021). 

10.1 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2019, by and among APi Group, Inc., J2 Acquisition Limited and Russell Becker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 effective May 1, 2020 (File No. 333-237553)). 

10.4 
 
 APi Group Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 effective June 3, 2020 (File No. 333-238891)). 

10.5 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) APi Group Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 effective May 1, 2020 (File No. 333-237553)). 

104 

10.6 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Employees) APi Group Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 effective May 1, 2020 (File No. 333-237553)). 

10.7 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 effective May 1, 2020 (File No. 333-237553)). 

10.8 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2019, by and among APi Group DE, Inc., as borrower, J2 Acquisition Limited, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 effective May 1, 2020 (File No. 333-237553)). 

10.9 
 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2019, by and among APi Group DE, Inc., as borrower, J2 Acquisition Limited, the grantors from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 effective May 1, 2020 (File No. 333-237553)). 

10.10 
 
 Advisory Services Agreement, dated October 1, 2019, by and between APi Group Corporation and Mariposa Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 effective May 1, 2020 (File No. 333-237553)). 

10.12 
 
 Form of Option Deeds (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 effective May 1, 2020 (File No. 333-237553)). 

10.13 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 24, 2020, by and between APi Group Corporation and Viking Global Opportunities Liquid Portfolio Sub-Master LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 effective May 1, 2020 (File No. 333-237553)). 

10.14 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2020, by and among APi Group DE, Inc., as borrower, APi Group Corporation, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 12, 2020). 

10.15 
 
 Amendment No. 2, dated December 16, 2021, among APi Group DE, Inc., APi Group Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders and letter of credit issuers from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A. as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 APi Group Corporation 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 effective June 3, 2020 (File No. 333-238890)). 

10.17 
 
 Offer of Employment between APi Group Corporation and Andrea Fike (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 24, 2021 (as amended on November 19, 2021)). 

10.18 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Management Time-Based Vesting) APi Group Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 12, 2021). 

10.19 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Management Performance-Based Vesting) APi Group Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 12, 2021). 

10.20 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and among APi Group Corporation, BTO Juno Holdings L.P. and Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund FD L.P. dated as of July 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 30, 2021). 

105 

10.21 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and among APi Group Corporation, Viking Global Equities Master Ltd. and Viking Global Equities II LP dated as of July 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 30, 2021). 

10.22 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 3, 2022, by and among APi Group Corporation, Juno Lower Holdings L.P. and FD Juno Holdings L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022). 

10.23 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 3, 2022, by and among APi Group Corporation, Viking Global Equities Master Ltd. and Viking Global Equities II LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022). 

10.26 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated September 1, 2021, by and between APi Group Corporation and Kevin Krumm (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 8, 2021). 

10.28 
 
 APi Group, Inc. Profit Sharing 401(k) Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 effective March 25, 2021 (File No. 333-254675)). 

10.29 
 
 Executive Officer Severance Policy. 

10.30 
 
 Offer Letter, dated January 13, 2022, between the Company and Kristina Morton. 

10.31 
 
 Offer Letter, dated June 23, 2022, between the Company and Louis Lambert. 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the registrant. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of KPMG LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Russell Becker, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification by Kevin Krumm, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification by Russell Becker, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification by Kevin Krumm, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

95.1 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

106 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 # The schedules to these agreements have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any schedule omitted from the agreements to the SEC upon request. 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 107 

() 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

() 

108 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

APi Group Corporation 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Russell A. Becker 

Russell A. Becker 

President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Russell A. Becker 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Russell A. Becker 

/s/ Kevin S. Krumm 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Kevin S. Krumm 

/s/ Sir Martin E. Franklin 
 
 Co-Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Sir Martin E. Franklin 

/s/ James E. Lillie 
 
 Co-Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 1, 2023 

James E. Lillie 

/s/ Ian G. H. Ashken 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Ian G. H. Ashken 

/s/ David S. Blitzer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

David S. Blitzer 

/s/ Paula D. Loop 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Paula D. Loop 

/s/ Anthony E. Malkin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Anthony E. Malkin 

/s/ Thomas V. Milroy 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Thomas V. Milroy 

/s/ Cyrus D. Walker 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Cyrus D. Walker 

/s/ Carrie A. Wheeler 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Carrie A. Wheeler 

109 

<EX-10>
 2
 apg-ex10_29.htm
 EX-10.29

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.29 

Executive Officer Severance Policy 
 
 ARTICLE I - PURPOSE 
 
 This Executive Officer Severance Policy (the Policy has been established by the Company on January 1, 2023 (the Effective Date to provide certain executives with the opportunity to receive severance benefits under certain circumstances upon termination of employment. The purpose of the Policy is to attract and retain qualified executives. 
 
 ARTICLE II - DEFINITIONS 
 
 Capitalized terms in this Policy are defined as set forth herein or as otherwise set forth in Appendix A . 
 
 ARTICLE III - SEVERANCE BENEFITS 
 
 Section 3.01	Severance Benefits Upon Qualifying Termination . Except as provided at Section 3.04, if an Eligible Executive experiences a Qualifying Termination, then, subject to ARTICLE IV, the Company will provide the Eligible Executive with severance benefits (the Severance Benefits based on position at the time of the Qualifying Termination as set forth below. 
 
 (a) Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Executive Vice President. Upon a Qualifying Termination, the Severance Benefits for the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Offer, or Executive Vice President will be comprised of: 

(i) Severance Amount. Cash in an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of Base Salary and Target Annual Bonus. 

(ii) Annual Bonus Amount . 

(A) If the Qualifying Termination occurs before the Eligible Executive has received his or her Annual Bonus for the prior fiscal year, the Annual Bonus Amount will be an amount equal to the Eligible Executive s Target Annual Bonus for such prior fiscal year. 

(B) If the Qualifying Termination occurs after the Eligible Executive has received his or her Annual Bonus for the prior fiscal year, the Annual Bonus Amount will be an amount equal to the Eligible Executive s Target Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which the Qualifying Termination occurs, multiplied by a fraction, (1) the numerator of which is the number of days the Eligible Executive was employed in the fiscal year in which the Qualifying Termination occurs, and (2) the denominator of which is 365. 

Executive Officer Severance Policy		 1 		 

For purposes of this Policy, the amount paid to an Eligible Executive resulting from the calculation made pursuant to this Section 3.01(a)(ii) is defined as the Annual Bonus Amount . 
 
 (iii) Benefit Continuation . Benefit Continuation at the Company s expense, paid directly by the Company to the provider, for a period of eighteen (18) months, conditioned upon the Eligible Executive s timely election of COBRA continuation coverage. 

(b) Other Eligible Executives. Upon a Qualifying Termination, the Severance Benefits for an Other Eligible Executive will be comprised of: 

(i) Severance Amount. Cash in an amount equal to: 

(A) one-and-a-half (1.5) times Base Salary if the Qualifying Termination occurs either (1) upon or within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control, or (2) after the Eligible Executive has been employed by the Company (or a Related Entity) for at least two years preceding the Qualifying Termination, or 

(B) one (1) times the Eligible Executive s Base Salary if (1) the Eligible Executive has been employed by the Company (or a Related Entity) for less than two years as of the Qualifying Termination, and (2) the Qualifying Termination does not occur upon or within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control. 

(ii) Annual Bonus Amount. The Annual Bonus Amount, as defined in Section 3.01 (a)(ii) above. 

(iii)	 Benefit Continuation. Benefit Continuation at the Company s expense, paid directly by the Company to the provider, for a period of twelve (12) months, conditioned upon the Eligible Executive s timely election of COBRA continuation coverage. 
 
 Section 3.02	Severance Benefits Payout Timing . 
 
 (a) Except to the extent Section 6.12 applies, Severance Benefits will be paid in installments on the dates that the components of the Severance Benefits would have been paid but for the Qualifying Termination. For avoidance of doubt, 

(i) The Annual Bonus Amount will be paid on the earlier of: (A) the date annual bonuses are next paid to Eligible Executives generally, and (B) March 15 of the calendar year after the calendar year in which the Qualifying Termination occurs; 

(ii) The Base Salary component of the cash severance payable under Sections 3.01(a)(i) or (b)(i) will be paid in equal installments on the dates the Eligible Executive would have, but for the Qualifying Termination, been paid his or her Base Salary (A) in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, 

Executive Officer Severance Policy		 2 		 

or Executive Vice President, over the 24-month period following the Qualifying Termination; and (B) in the case of an Other Eligible Executive, over the 12-month period following the Qualifying Termination; and 

(iii) In the case of an Eligible Executive in the role of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Executive Vice President at the time of the Qualifying Termination, the Target Annual Bonus component of the cash severance payable under Section 3.01(a)(i) will be payable in two equal installments, issued on the next two dates in consecutive fiscal years, on which the Eligible Executive would have, but for the Qualifying Termination, been paid an annual bonus in each such year, and in no case later than March 15 of each such year. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Severance Benefits payments that would otherwise (absent this sentence) have been paid during the sixty-five (65) days immediately following the Eligible Executive s Qualifying Termination will instead be paid in a single lump sum payment on the sixty-fifth (65 th day after the Eligible Executive s Qualifying Termination (such sixty-fifth (65 th day after the Eligible Executive s Qualifying Termination will be the Payment Commencement Date or the first regular payroll date thereafter. 

Section 3.03	Equity Vesting. 
 
 (a) 	Change in Control Vesting. If and only to the extent that an Eligible Executive experiences a Qualifying Termination upon or within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control, then (subject to ARTICLE IV below), this Section 3.03(a) will apply with respect to any Awards under the Equity Plan that (i) were granted on or after the Effective Date and (ii) remain outstanding and unvested as of the Qualifying Termination (subject to applicable restrictions set forth in Section 10(a) of the Equity Plan (or any successor provision thereto)). In the event of a conflict between the Change in Control provisions of an Award Agreement and this Section 3.03(a), the terms of this Policy will control as to the vesting of an Award on a Change in Control. 
 
 (i) Option Vesting. Any Option or Stock Appreciation Right that was not previously vested and exercisable as of the time of the Qualifying Termination will become immediately (A) vested and (B) exercisable until the earlier of: (1) the latest date upon which the Stock Option would have expired by its original terms (disregarding any early termination of the option due to termination of employment), or (2) the tenth (10 th anniversary of the original date of grant of the Stock Option.									 

(ii) Restricted Stock RSU Vesting. Any restrictions, deferral of settlement, and forfeiture conditions applicable to a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award or an Other Stock-Based Award subject only to future service requirements granted under the Equity Plan will lapse and such Awards will be deemed fully vested on the date of the Qualifying Termination. Settlement with respect to such Restricted Stock Unit Awards will occur no later than 60 days after the Qualifying Termination. 

Executive Officer Severance Policy		 3 		 

(iii) Performance Award Unit Vesting. With respect to any outstanding Performance Award, any requirement that the Eligible Executive continue to be in the Continuous Service of the Company or a Related Entity through the last day of the Performance Period will be waived. The Administrator will consider such Awards to have been earned and payable in full based upon the greater of (A) the actual achievement of performance goals during the Performance Period, or (B) the deemed achievement of target performance. The vested Shares will be transferred to the Eligible Executive after the Performance Period, no later than the date the Award would have been paid had the Eligible Executive remained in Continuous Service through the Performance Period. 

(b)	 Non-Change in Control Vesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and solely for purposes of clarity, the provisions of the Award Agreements governing Awards granted under the Equity Plan will control (1) with respect to any Award granted before the Effective Date, or (2) to the extent an Eligible Executive experiences a Qualifying Termination other than upon or within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control. 
 
 Section 3.04	Limitations on Participation. 
 
 (a) Effect of Existing Employment Agreements . If, as of the Effective Date, an Eligible Executive is a party to an Existing Employment Agreement that provides for severance benefits, the terms of such agreement (including as amended following the Effective Date) will control any entitlement to severance benefits, and such Eligible Executive will not become an Eligible Executive under this Policy for such period as the Existing Employment Agreement remains effective, unless the Administrator otherwise determines. 

(b) Cessation of Eligibility . If an individual ceases for any reason to serve as an Eligible Executive after the Effective Date, including when remaining employed by the Company (or a Related Entity), such person will have no claim to benefits or payments of any kind under this Policy. In no event will a prorated benefit or payment be payable. 

ARTICLE IV - CONDITIONS 
 
 Section 4.01	Conditions and Post-Termination Obligations. An Eligible Executive s entitlement to any Severance Benefits under Section 3.01 and/or any vesting or acceleration of Awards as contemplated under Section 3.03 will be conditioned upon and subject to: 
 
 (a) the Eligible Executive experiencing a Qualifying Termination (and, in the case of Section 3.03, a Qualifying Termination occurring upon or within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control); and 

(b) the Eligible Executive executing a release agreement (the Release Agreement upon reasonable terms in a form provided at the discretion of the Company, and such Release Agreement becoming effective and irrevocable within sixty-five (65) days following the 

Executive Officer Severance Policy		 4 		 

Eligible Executive s Qualifying Termination. Any such Release Agreement will include, without limitation: (i) a release of claims in favor of the Company, its Related Entities and their respective employees, officers and directors; and (ii) one-year non-solicitation, one-year non-competition, non-disparagement, confidentiality, and post-employment cooperation provisions as reasonably requested by the Company. 

ARTICLE V - ADMINISTRATION, AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 
 Section 5.01	Administration. 
 
 (a) The Administrator has the exclusive right, power and authority, in its sole and absolute discretion, to administer and interpret the Policy. The Administrator has all powers reasonably necessary to carry out its responsibilities under the Policy including (but not limited to) the sole and absolute discretionary authority to: 

(i) administer the Policy according to its terms and to interpret Policy provisions; 

(ii) resolve and clarify inconsistencies, ambiguities, and omissions in the Policy and among and between the Policy and other related documents; 

(iii) take all actions and make all decisions regarding questions of eligibility and entitlement to benefits, and benefit amounts; 

(iv) make, amend, interpret, and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of the Policy; 

(v) process and approve or deny all initial claims for benefits; and 

(vi) decide or resolve any and all questions, including benefit entitlement determinations and interpretations of the Policy, as may arise in connection with the Policy. 

(b) The decision of the Administrator on any disputes arising under the Policy, including (but not limited to) questions of construction, interpretation and administration will be final, conclusive and binding on all persons having an interest in or under the Policy. Any determination made by the Administrator will be given deference if the determination is subject to judicial review and will be overturned by a court of law only if it is arbitrary and capricious. Without limiting the foregoing, the good faith determination by the Administrator of whether the Eligible Executive was terminated by the Company for Cause will be final and binding for all purposes hereunder. 

Section 5.02	Amendment and Termination. The Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board may, at any time, and in its discretion, alter, amend, modify, suspend or terminate the Policy or any portion thereof, except as follows: 

Executive Officer Severance Policy		 5 		 

(a) This Policy may not be terminated or amended in any manner which would adversely affect the rights or potential rights of Eligible Executives if such action is taken in connection with, in anticipation of, during the six-month period prior to, or during the two-year period following, a Change in Control. No amendment or termination will give the Company the right to recover any amount paid to or Awards vested with an Eligible Executive prior to the date of such action or to cause the reduction, cessation or discontinuance of Severance Benefits or vested Awards to any person or persons under this Policy already receiving or entitled to receive such Separation Benefits and\or vested Awards under this Policy. 

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Policy, if the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, that the Company s providing Benefit Continuation would violate the non-discrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered plans, or would result in the imposition of penalties under applicable rules, the Company will have the right to amend Section 3.01(a)(iii) and (b)(iii) in a manner it determines, in its sole discretion, to comply with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended, and the related regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder. 

(c) No acceleration of the payment of benefits that are subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code will occur upon termination of the Policy unless the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code have been met. 

Section 5.03	Claims Procedures. An Eligible Executive who believes he or she is entitled to a payment under the Policy that has not been received in accordance with Article III may submit a claim for benefits to the Administrator pursuant to the claims procedures set forth in Appendix B . 
 
 ARTICLE VI - GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 Section 6.01	At-Will Employment. The Policy does not alter the status of each Eligible Executive as an at-will employee of the Company or Related Entity, as applicable. Nothing contained herein will be deemed to give any Eligible Executive the right to remain employed by the Company or a Related Entity or to interfere with the rights of the Company or a Related Entity to terminate the employment of any Eligible Executive at any time, with or without Cause. 
 
 Section 6.02	Effect on Other Policies, Plans, Agreements, and Benefits. 
 
 (a) Except as expressly set forth herein, if an Eligible Executive has been granted an Award under the Equity Plan, all Awards will remain subject to the terms of the Equity Plan (and governing Award) and are not otherwise impacted by this Policy. 

(b) Any Eligible Executive under this Policy will not be entitled to participate in any general severance policy or severance plan maintained by the Company or any agreement between the Eligible Executive and the Company that provides for severance benefits (except with respect to (i) an Existing Employment Agreement or (ii) a policy, plan, or agreement that expressly provides for severance benefits to be in addition to those provided under the Policy). 

Executive Officer Severance Policy		 6 		 

(c) Any Severance Benefits payable to an Eligible Executive under the Policy will not be counted as compensation for purposes of determining benefits under any other benefit policies or plans of the Company, except to the extent expressly provided therein. 

Section 6.03	Mitigation and Offset. If an Eligible Executive obtains other employment after a Qualifying Termination, such other employment will not affect the Eligible Executive s rights or the Company s obligations under the Policy. 
 
 Section 6.04	Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Policy will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Policy. If any provision of the Policy is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, void or unenforceable, such provision will be deemed modified, amended and narrowed to the extent necessary to render such provision legal, valid, and enforceable, and the other remaining provisions of the Policy will not be affected but will remain in full force and effect. 
 
 Section 6.05	Headings and Subheadings. Headings and subheadings contained in the Policy are intended solely for convenience and no provision of the Policy is to be construed by reference to the heading or subheading of any section or paragraph. 
 
 Section 6.06	Successors. The Policy will be binding upon any successor to the Company, its assets, its businesses or its interest, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be obligated under the Policy if no succession had taken place. In the case of any transaction in which a successor would not by the foregoing provision or by operation of law be bound by the Policy, the Company will require any successor to the Company to expressly and unconditionally assume the Policy in writing and honor the obligations of the Company hereunder, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no succession had taken place. 
 
 Section 6.07	Transfer and Assignment. Neither an Eligible Executive nor any other person will have any right to sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate or convey any amounts payable under the Policy prior to the date that such amounts are paid, except that, in the case of an Eligible Executive s death during the period in which amounts remain payable following a Qualifying Termination and the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article IV, such amounts will be paid to the Eligible Executive s Beneficiary. 
 
 Section 6.08	Waiver. Any party s failure to enforce any provision or provisions of the Policy will not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent any party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of the Policy. 
 
 Section 6.09	Unfunded Obligations . The amounts to be paid to Eligible Employees under the Policy are unfunded obligations of the Company. The Company is not required to segregate any monies or other assets from its general funds with respect to these obligations. Participants will not have any preference or security interest in any assets of the Company other than as a general unsecured creditor. 
 
 Section 6.10	Governing Law Forum Selection. This Policy is an unfunded plan maintained primarily to provide severance compensation and benefits to a select group of management or highly 
 
 Executive Officer Severance Policy		 7 		 

compensated employees within the meaning of Sections 201, 301, and 401 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA and, therefore, to be exempt from the provisions of Parts 2, 3, and 4 of Title I of ERISA. To the extent not preempted by federal law, the Policy will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of Delaware without regard to conflicts of law principles. Disputes arising hereunder will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota, or if such court lacks jurisdiction, Ramsey County District Court. 
 
 Section 6.11	Withholding. The Company will have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state, and local taxes in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation. 
 
 Section 6.12	Section 409A. The Policy is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code (and similar provisions of applicable state law) or an exemption thereunder and will be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code (and similar provisions of applicable state law). Any payments under the Policy that may be excluded from Section 409A of the Code either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral will be excluded from Section 409A of the Code to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each installment payment will be treated as a separate payment. Any payments to be made under the Policy upon a termination of employment (including a Qualifying Termination) will only be made upon a Separation from Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under the Policy comply with Section 409A of the Code and in no event will the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by an Eligible Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Policy, if any payment or benefit provided to an Eligible Executive in connection with his or her Qualifying Termination is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the Eligible Executive is determined to be a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i) of the Code, then such payment or benefit will not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary of the Qualifying Termination or, if earlier, on the Eligible Executive s death (the Specified Employee Payment Date ). The aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid before the Specified Employee Payment Date will be paid to the Eligible Executive in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter, any remaining payments will be paid without delay in accordance with their original schedule. 
 
 Section 6.13	Section 280G/Excise Tax Adjustment. If it is determined that all or any part of the Severance Benefits payable to an Eligible Executive under this Policy or any other payments or benefits payable to an Eligible Executive under any other agreement with, or plan or policy of, the Company will, as determined by Company, be subject to the tax imposed by Code Section 4999 (or any similar tax that may hereafter be imposed) (the Excise Tax ), then such payment will be either: (i) provided to Eligible Executive in full, or (ii) provided to Eligible Executive to such lesser extent as would result in no portion of such payment being subject to such Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, when taking into account such Excise Tax, results in the receipt by Eligible Executive of the greatest amount of the payment, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such payment may be taxable under such Excise Tax. In the event that any payments under this Policy or otherwise are required to be reduced as described in this Section 6.13, the adjustment will be made, first, by reducing the Base Salary Payout due pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(i) or (b)(i); second, if additional reductions are necessary, by reducing the Annual Bonus 
 
 Executive Officer Severance Policy		 8 		 

Amount due under to Section 3.01(a)(ii) or (b)(ii)) and third, if additional reductions are still necessary, by eliminating the accelerated vesting of equity-based Awards under Section 3.03, starting with those Awards for which the amount required to be taken into account under the Section 280G of the Code rules is the greatest; provided, that in all events, such reductions will be done in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable. 

Executive Officer Severance Policy		 9 		 

APPENDIX A: 
 
 Administrator means the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board, each of which may delegate authority to administer this Policy to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (unless a conflict of interest exists) or is otherwise not permitted under applicable law or the rules and regulations of the stock exchange on which the Company s stock is listed. 
 Annual Bonus Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01. 
 Award is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Award Agreement is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Base Salary means the Eligible Executive s annual rate of base pay in effect immediately prior to the Qualifying Termination, and does not include bonuses, incentives, commissions, overtime, perquisites, special payments, or similar remuneration. 
 Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership has the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act and any successor to such Rule. 
 Beneficiary means the person, persons, trust or trusts that have been designated by an Eligible Executive in his or her most recent written beneficiary designation filed with respect to the retirement savings plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(k) of the Code to receive the benefits specified under that plan upon such Eligible Executive s death (in the form and manner established under such plan). If, upon an Eligible Executive s death, there is no designated Beneficiary or surviving designated Beneficiary, then the term Beneficiary means the Eligible Executive s estate. 
 Benefit Continuation means, at the Company s expense, the continued participation for Eligible Executive and Eligible Executive s dependents in the Company s medical and dental benefit coverage at the Eligible Executive s same level and rate for such benefits immediately prior to the Eligible Executive s Qualifying Termination. For purposes of clarity, if that the Eligible Executive or any of Eligible Executive s qualified beneficiaries wish to elect COBRA continuation coverage, the Eligible Executive is responsible for the timely election of such continuation coverage under COBRA and payment of the applicable COBRA continuation premiums following the period of Benefit Continuation. 
 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 Cause means any of the following: 
 (i) the willful and continuous failure by the Eligible Executive to substantially perform his or her duties with the Company or any Related Entity(ies) within ten (10) days after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Eligible Executive by the Board which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board believes that the Eligible Executive has not substantially performed his or her duties, 
 (ii) misconduct or gross negligence by the Eligible Executive provided (A) the Board has determined that the resulting harm to the Company or any Related Entity(ies) from the Eligible Executive s misconduct or gross negligence cannot be adequately remedied, or (B) the Eligible Executive fails to correct any resulting harm to the Company or any Related Entity(ies) within ten (10) days after a written demand for correction is delivered to the Eligible Executive by the Board which specifically identifies both the manner in which the Board believes that the Eligible Executive has engaged in misconduct or gross negligence and an appropriate method of correcting any resulting harm to the Company or any Related Entity(ies), 
 A- 1 

(iii) the Eligible Executive s conviction of or the entering of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to the commission of a felony, or 
 (iv) fraud, embezzlement, or theft against the Company or any Related Entity(ies), or a willful material violation by the Eligible Executive of a policy or procedure of the Company or any Related Entity(ies), resulting, in any case, in economic harm to the Company or any Related Entity(ies). 
 Change in Control is defined in the Equity Plan, insofar as such Change in Control occurs after the Effective Date. 
 COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Code will be deemed to include a reference to any regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Company means APi Group Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and any successor thereto. 
 Continuous Service is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in ARTICLE I. 
 Eligible Executive means the Company s (i) Chief Executive Officer, (ii) Chief Financial Officer, (iii) each other Executive Vice President, and (iv) Executive Officers as designated by the Board as satisfying the definition of Executive Officer required to be listed in the Company s Annual Form 10-K filing with Securities and Exchange Commission (defined at 17 C.F. R. 240.3b-7); and (v) other employees as expressly designated by the Compensation Committee of the Board from time to time. The term does not include contractors or other non-employees. 
 Equity Plan means the APi Group Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Plan adopted by the Company, as may be amended from time to time, or any subsequent equity plan adopted by the Company. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 Existing Employment Agreement means an agreement for services between the Eligible Executive and the Company or any Related Entity (i) including, without limitation, the Executive Employment Agreements in effect between the Company and its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer respectively, in effect as of the Effective Date; and (ii) excluding, without limitation, any Award Agreement entered into by an Eligible Executive. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, including rules thereunder and successor provisions and rules thereto. 
 Good Reason is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Option is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Other Eligible Executive means an Eligible Executive not in the role of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Executive Vice President. 
 Other Stock-Based Award is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Parent is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Payment Commencement Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(b). 
 Performance Award is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Performance Period is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 A- 2 

Policy means this APi Group Corporation Executive Severance Policy, as may be amended and/or restated from time to time. 
 Qualifying Termination means (i) in the case of an Eligible Executive in the role of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Executive Vice President, termination of employment at any time (A) by the Company (and all of its Related Entities) without Cause, or (B) by the Eligible Executive for Good Reason; and (ii) in the case of an Other Eligible Executive, termination of employment (A) at any time by the Company (and all of its Related Entities) without Cause; or (B) upon or within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control, by the Other Eligible Executive for Good Reason. 
 Related Entity(ies) is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Restricted Stock Award is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Separation from Service has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(h). 
 Release Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(b). 
 Shares is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Specified Employee Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 6.12. 
 Stock Appreciation Right is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Subsidiary is defined in the Equity Plan. 
 Target Annual Bonus means the Eligible Executive s target bonus (with any individual performance modifier thereunder, if applicable, deemed to be satisfied at 100 established under the Company s annual incentive compensation plan, program and/or arrangements applicable to senior-level executives (as established and modified from time to time by the Compensation Committee of the Board within its sole discretion) for the fiscal year pertinent to the calculation of the Annual Bonus Amount. 

A- 3 

APPENDIX B: 
 
 Benefits under the Policy will be paid in accordance with Article III. In the event an Eligible Executive believes he or she is entitled to a payment under the Policy that has not been received in accordance with Section 3.02, then the Eligible Executive may submit a claim for benefits to the Administrator pursuant to the claims procedures set forth herein: 
 
 Initial Claims. A written claim for benefits to the Administrator must be submitted within 90 days after the Eligible Executive s Payment Commencement Date. Claims should be addressed and sent to: 
 
 Administrator APi Group Executive Severance Plan 
 c\o APi Group General Counsel 
 1100 Old Highway 8 NW 
 New Brighton, MN 55112 
 
 If the Eligible Executive s claim is denied, in whole or in part, the Eligible Executive will be furnished with written notice of the denial within 90 days after the Administrator s receipt of the Eligible Executive s written claim, unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim, in which case a period not to exceed 180 days will apply. If such an extension of time is required, written notice of the extension will be furnished to the Eligible Executive before the termination of the initial 90-day period and will describe the special circumstances requiring the extension, and the date on which a decision is expected to be rendered. Written notice of the denial of the Eligible Executive s claim will contain the following information: 
 
 (a) the specific reason or reasons for the denial of the Eligible Executive s claim; 

(b) references to the specific Policy provisions on which the denial of the Eligible Executive s claim was based; 

(c) a description of any additional information or material required by the Administrator to reconsider the Eligible Executive s claim (to the extent applicable) and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; and 

(d) a description of the Policy s review procedures and time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the Eligible Executive s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following a benefit claim denial on review. 

Appeal of Denied Claims. If the Eligible Executive s claim is denied and he or she wishes to submit a request for a review of the denied claim, the Eligible Executive or his or her authorized representative must follow the procedures described below: 
 
 (a) Upon receipt of the denied claim, the Eligible Executive (or his or her authorized representative) may file a request for review of the claim in writing with the Administrator. This request for review must be filed no later than 60 days after the Eligible Executive has received written notification of the denial. 

B- 1 

(b) The Eligible Executive has the right to submit in writing to the Administrator any comments, documents, records or other information relating to his or her claim for benefits. 

(c) The Eligible Executive has the right to be provided with, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to and copies of all pertinent documents, records and other information that is relevant to his or her claim for benefits. 

(d) The review of the denied claim will take into account all comments, documents, records and other information that the Eligible Executive submitted relating to his or her claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial denial of his or her claim. 

Administrator s Response to Appeal . The Administrator will provide the Eligible Executive with written notice of its decision within 60 days after the Administrator s receipt of the Eligible Executive s written claim for review. There may be special circumstances which require an extension of this 60-day period. In any such case, the Administrator will notify the Eligible Executive in writing within the 60-day period and the final decision will be made no later than 120 days after the Administrator s receipt of the Eligible Executive s written claim for review. The Administrator s decision on the Eligible Executive s claim for review will be communicated to the Eligible Executive in writing and will clearly state: 
 
 (a) the specific reason or reasons for the denial of the Eligible Executive s claim; 

(b) reference to the specific Policy provisions on which the denial of the Eligible Executive s claim is based; 

(c) a statement that the Eligible Executive is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, the Policy and all documents, records, and other information relevant to his or her claim for benefits; and 

(d) a statement describing the Eligible Executive s right to bring an action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. 

Exhaustion of Administrative Remedies. The exhaustion of these claims procedures is mandatory for resolving every claim and dispute arising under the Policy. As to such claims and disputes: 
 
 (a) no claimant will be permitted to commence any legal action to recover benefits or to enforce or clarify rights under the Policy under Section 502 or Section 510 of ERISA or under any other provision of law, whether or not statutory, until these claims procedures have been exhausted in their entirety; and 

(b) in any such legal action, all explicit and implicit determinations by the Administrator (including, but not limited to, determinations as to whether the claim, or a request for a review of a denied claim, was timely filed) will be afforded the maximum deference permitted by law. 

Attorney s Fees. The Company and each Eligible Executive will bear their own attorneys fees incurred in connection with any disputes between them. 
 B- 2 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 apg-ex10_30.htm
 EX-10.30

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.30 
 
 1100 Old Highway 8 NW New Brighton, MN 55112 Phone 651.636.4320 
 Fax 651.636.0312 
 www.apigroupinc.com 

January 13, 2022 
 
 Ms. Kristina Morton 
 Edina, MN 55076 
 
 Dear Kristina, 
 
 Thank you for taking the time to meet with our team at APi Group. We believe that your leadership will add depth and breadth to our existing team. Additionally, we believe that you will be a great cultural fit with our APi Group family. I am personally excited to have you join the company. 
 
 The following are the highlights of our offer to you: 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Position 
 Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer. It is a corporate operations and executive management position and carries both the authority and the responsibility for the entirety of APi Group s human resource function. 
 
 Reports To 
 President/CEO of APi Group 
 
 Location 
 New Brighton, Minnesota. We highly value the collaboration and synergy fostered in a shared workplace. We also understand the value of some flexibility. I m confident we can find the right balance for you and the company. 
 
 Position Summary 
 The Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer (CPO) will be primarily responsible for leadership development, talent, learning, organization development, business partnership, payroll, compensation, benefits, and human resources operations. 
 BUILDING GREAT LEADERS TM 

This position will also be responsible for the development of all human resources policies and procedures for the company. This position will involve a great deal of interaction both internally at APi Group as well as externally with our operating companies and business partners. 
 
 Duties and Responsibilities 
 Partner with the CEO and other senior leaders as a strategic partner, providing proactive advice and support, as well as taking direct responsibility for a number of functional areas. 

Enhance the strategic human resources vision with the day-to-day management of all human resources functions at the corporate and service levels throughout the company. Operate all day-to-day aspects of the human resources function. 

Roll out globalized payroll and HRIS processes and systems. 

Develop, document, and implement aligned annual and long-term incentive programs, building on existing programs. 

Elevate the human resources function into a true business partner, balancing strengths of the distributed service model with a need for a central platform of systems, programs, and broad-based plans. Establish credibility with the extended management team through tangible results. 

Embrace the mission, vision, and values of APi Group, including its strong commitment to diversity. Ensure APi Group s future includes the diverse, inclusive, and multi-cultural workforce necessary to deliver a high-performance business result. 

Develop, implement, and evaluate human resources policies and procedures to lead the charge in centralizing APi Group s decentralized business model. Provide strategic direction to align human resource programs in support of APi Group s strategic initiatives and mission. 

Act as a credible advisor to the board on executive and broad-based compensation and benefits, talent issues and other topics as required. 

Provide the human resources expertise to competently support the due diligence and integration of mergers and acquisition activities. Ensure that human resource practices and policies are business-based and aligned with the company s strategy, which will include internal growth, as well as potential external acquisitions. 

Be a resource to management and promote progressive human resource programs that have practical, measurable impact. 

Maintain relationships with global third-party advisors, service providers and stakeholders including software providers, pension trustees and regulators, work councils and unions, benefit brokers, talent acquisition providers and similar. 

Advance the human resources function by creating a strong sense of urgency delivering results. 

Focus on talent. Ensure that APi Group has solid recruitment practices, as well as development and succession management programs. 

Integrate analytics and metrics into every element of the human resources function. Operationalize the impact of the systems that have been put into place. 

Attract, develop, and lead an effective and well-regarded human resources team. 

Provide direction and supervision to APi Group s learning and development and talent development teams. 

COMPENSATION BENEFITS 
 
 Base Compensation 
 450,000.00 Base Salary (through June 30, 2023, next review cycle). 
 
 Signing Bonus 
 107,000 to replace the bonus that was forfeited by leaving your current employment. 
 
 Compensation Track 
 We have a Pay for Performance mentality in the APi Group companies, so our compensation philosophy relies heavily on the Management Incentive Plans. Base Salary increases in the future at this level are intended to be moderate with the idea that the incentive side of the equation is the most influential in increasing total compensation. Base salary increases in the future depend on performance, attitude, work ethic and management judgment of contribution to the goals of the company. 
 
 Incentive Bonus Plan 
 75 of base salary subject to APi Group meeting its performance targets of revenue and EBITDA, or other targets established for our short-term incentive plan. 
 
 Fringe Benefits 
 Per the APi Group Plan that will be forwarded under separate cover. Vacation time is 4 weeks vs. 2 weeks shown in the manual. 
 
 Car Allowance 
 A monthly car allowance of 750. 
 
 Up Front Restricted Stock Unit Award 
 We will recommend an equity award of 1,600,000 to be granted upon your employment date in restricted stock units (as of the grant date) to replace the RSU/PSU and options you forfeited by leaving your current employment. The award will be presented to the Compensation Committee for approval at its scheduled February meeting. 

Long Term Incentive Plan Equity 
 In addition, you will be eligible for annual equity awards under our long-term equity incentive plan. I will be recommending an annual grant equal to 150 of your base salary beginning in 2023. The award type(s) granted will align with our long-term incentive design for executives. 
 
 Additional Fringe Benefits 
 An individual disability contract under our APi Group Executive Disability program which provides coverage and benefits beyond the traditional group plan, provided you can meet the underwriting requirements of the carrier. In the event you cannot meet these requirements, you will be eligible for the group disability program that is offered to all non-executive personnel. 
 
 OTHER 
 
 Preemployment Conditions 
 In keeping with company policy, this offer is contingent upon satisfactory completion of a pre- employment drug test and background check. 
 
 Proposed Start Date February 7, 2022 
 
 Investment in Your Skills 
 Any management or technical industry skills that contribute to your personal growth and can add value to the company are both reimbursable and encouraged. 
 
 Support APi Group and Corporate 
 We feel we have an excellent support group at the corporate level to assist you in your successful transition and role. You can obviously see we have a huge incentive in making this work for both the company and you. We will do everything possible to help facilitate your success. 
 
 This position should challenge your skills and allow you to deploy experience and expertise across a large organization. You have a lot of ability to bring to bear on this position and we think this is an excellent fit for our company. There is certainly an opportunity to make a great impact on the company in future years. 

Thank you for the opportunity to discuss this position and present you with the offer. Please let me know if there are points in this offer that need further discussion or clarification. 
 
 We will make all efforts to help a successful transition and a long-term success for both you and the company. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 /s/ Russell A. Becker 
 
 Russ Becker 
 President / CEO APi Group Corporation 

RB/gg 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 apg-ex10_31.htm
 EX-10.31

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.31 
 
 June 23, 2022 

Louis Lambert 
 Minneapolis, MN 55424 
 
 Dear Louis, 
 
 Thank you for your interest in joining APi Group, Inc. APi Group or the Company as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Based on our recent discussions, I am pleased to extend you this offer of employment. We believe your talents will be a valuable addition to our company and an excellent opportunity for your career. 
 
 Position : Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
 Reports to : Russell Becker, CEO President 
 Key Responsibilities 
 Reporting to the Chief Executive Officer and President, Russ Becker, and serving as a member of the company s executive leadership team, the General Counsel will serve as a senior legal advisor to the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, senior management, and business leaders and will facilitate the achievement of outcomes through proactive application of legal and business insights. 

The General Counsel will serve in a hands-on role with responsibility for directing and aligning the legal department to leverage best legal practices and optimally meet the company s global business needs, while also providing enterprise and governance leadership. This individual will manage all aspects of a multi-disciplinary legal function with a development focused approach, including attracting and retaining a high performing, business-focused, global legal team and will foster an ethical business culture through risk management and compliance. 

The General Counsel will maintain primary responsibilities as a legal function head, business partner, team leader and talent developer, and enterprise leader. They will demonstrate keen legal insights, a hands-on approach, and an understanding of how to effectively apply legal knowledge and expertise in areas including governance, litigation, regulatory, multi-national legal regimes, anti-trust law, corporate and commercial law, intellectual property law, mergers and acquisitions, and compliance. The General Counsel will also be expected to define business needs, issues and opportunities, and work with leadership teams to explore and evaluate solutions, make recommendations, and build consensus and commitment. 

Establishes active relationships with C-level executives, APi Board Members, and business unit leaders and members of their teams. 

Contributes to due diligence of potential mergers and acquisitions and executes on integrations and divestitures from a legal perspective. 

Louis Lambert 
 June 23, 2022 
 Page 2 
 
 Provides leadership, coaching, and direction to the APi Group legal leadership team and staff. 

Ensures employees have the tools and work environment to be more engaged, productive, and effective. 

Recruit, develop, and retain a highly effective legal workforce capable of delivering against the company's objectives. 

Proposed Start Date: July 26, 2022 
 
 Office Location 
 APi Group Corporate Headquarters 
 1100 Old Highway 8 NW 
 New Brighton, MN 55112 
 
 Base Salary 
 500,000 Base Salary through next merit increase cycle in July 2023. 
 
 Signing Bonus 
 120,000 to replace the bonus that was forfeited by leaving your current employment. 
 
 Annual Incentive Plan 
 Your initial target annual incentive amount will be 75 of your base salary. For the 2022 fiscal year, the payment of your annual bonus will be proportionate for the period of the year you are employed and will be based on the achievement of the Company s 2022 Adjusted EBITDA goals. 
 
 Long Term Incentive Plan Equity 
 Beginning in 2023 and annually thereafter, you will be eligible to participate in the Company s annual long-term equity incentive plan. Annually, you are eligible for a grant value equal to approximately 175 of your current base salary. The 2022 LTIP awards are a blend of time-based and performance awards, divided 20/80 between time-based awards (RSUs) and performance-based awards (PSUs). The RSUs vest over 3 years, ratably and on an annual basis. The PSUs will vest at the end of three years based upon the achievement of performance targets. Of course, the parameters of our LTIP awards may vary over time as our compensation committee responds to Company needs and market trends. 
 
 Sign on Equity Grant 
 We will recommend an equity award of 600,000 to replace your unvested equity you forfeited by leaving your current employer and as a partial grant for 2022. The grant will be 100 RSUs and vest over 3 years. The award will be presented to the Compensation Committee for approval at it s scheduled August meeting. 

Louis Lambert 
 June 23, 2022 
 Page 3 
 Benefits 
 APi Group is also proud to provide a generous benefits package. The benefits package is also subject to change from time to time at the Company s discretion. Currently, the benefits for which you are eligible include the following: 
 
 Paid Time Off (PTO) 
 PTO will be accrued on a weekly basis which extends to 4 weeks (160 hours) per year. Under APi s current PTO accrual schedule, an employee does not earn 4 weeks of PTO annually until their 15th year of service. Your PTO accrual will remain at 4 weeks until then. 
 
 Health, Welfare, and Retirement Plans 
 You will be eligible to participate in the APi Group employee benefits plan including health and dental coverage, flexible spending accounts, life insurance, short-term and long-term disability, 401(k), additional voluntary benefits, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and a profit-sharing plan. 
 
 Additional Executive Benefits 
 
 Car Allowance 
 A monthly car allowance of 750. 
 
 Disability 
 An individual disability contract under our APi Group Executive Disability program which provides coverage and benefits beyond the traditional group plan, provided you can meet the underwriting requirements of the carrier. In the event you cannot meet these requirements, you will be eligible for the group disability program that is offered to all non-executive personnel. 
 
 Severance 
 You will also be eligible for severance benefits generally available to executive officers on terms to be approved by the compensation committee. 
 
 Employment Offer Conditions 
 This offer of employment is expressly contingent upon your satisfactory completion, in accordance with Company policy, of a pre-employment drug test and background check. 
 
 Authorization to Work in the United States 
 You will also be required to provide the Company with legally required verification of your identity and authorization to work in the United States within three days of your first day of work. We recommend that you bring your verification documents on your first day of work, if possible. 

Louis Lambert 
 June 23, 2022 
 Page 4 
 Company Policies 
 During your employment, you will be expected to comply with all Company policies and procedures, which are subject to change at any time at the Company s sole discretion. A copy of the APi Group Employee Handbook will be provided to you during your new hire onboarding. 
 
 Learning and Development 
 As a part of your employment, you will have the opportunity to participate in APi s industry leading learning and development programs. 
 
 Employment Terms 
 In your role with APi Group, you will be employed at-will , which means that either you or the Company may terminate the relationship at any time. Upon termination of your employment for any reason, the Company will pay to you any accrued but unpaid salary, and/or other benefits as of the date of termination. Your right to continue in any employee benefit and/or retirement programs will also cease as of the date of the termination of your employment, except to the extent otherwise required under applicable law. 
 
 Support APi Group and Corporate 
 Louis, please let me know if there are points in this offer that need further discussion or clarification. We are impressed with your background and qualifications. We are confident that you will make a significant contribution to APi Group and that you will find a career with us both challenging and rewarding. 
 
 If you desire to accept this conditional offer of employment upon the terms and conditions set forth herein, please execute the acknowledgment below and return a copy of this letter to me. You will again accept via our online recruiting software (BirdDogHR/Arcoro); you will receive a link in your email. 
 
 We look forward to welcoming you to our team! 
 
 Sincerely, 
 /s/ Russell A. Becker 
 
 Russ Becker 
 Chief Executive Officer President 
 APi Group Corporation 

cc: Kristina Morton, Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 5
 apg-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of APi Group Corporation 

Legal Name 
 Jurisdiction 

3S Incorporated 
 Indiana 

6232698 Canada Inc. (Direct Fire Protection Systems) 
 Canada 

A. P. I. Inc. 
 Minnesota 

A.P.I. Garage Door, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

Acces Control Systems Ltd. 
 Hong Kong 

AED-Partner International B.V. 
 Netherlands 

American Fire Protection Group, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

APi Acquisition IV, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

APi Acquisition V, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

APi Acquisition, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

APi Group Corporation 
 Delaware 

APi Group DE, Inc. 
 Delaware 

APi Group Dutch Holdco B.V. 
 Netherlands 

APi Group France HoldCo SAS 
 France 

APi Group Holdings Canada ULC 
 Canada 

APi Group Life Safety USA LLC 
 Minnesota 

APi Group, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

APi Group UK HoldCo Limited 
 UK 

APi Indiana, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

APi International, LLC 
 Minnesota 

APi Group Finance, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

APi National Service Group, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

APi Real Estate, LLC 
 Minnesota 

Atlantic Alarm Sound Ltd. 
 Canada 

Beijing Chubb Fire Security Systems Co., Limited 
 China 

BET Security and Communications Ltd. 
 UK 

Blumaco Industries BVBA 
 Belgium 

Blusgroep B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Brandbeveiliging Alkmaar B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Brannvernservice Alesund AS 
 Norway 

CanAm Fire Protection Inc. 
 Canada 

CEMIS Systemes de Securite Incendie 
 France 

Chubb (NI) Ltd. 
 UK 

Chubb (Thailand) Ltd 
 Thailand 

Chubb Australia Pty Ltd. 
 Australia 

Chubb China Holdings Ltd 
 Hong Kong 

Chubb China Limited 
 Hong Kong 

Chubb Delta Telesurveillance 
 France 

Chubb Deutschland GmbH 
 Germany 

Chubb Dormant (No. 2) Limited. 
 UK 

Chubb EMEA 
 France 

Chubb Fire Security B.V 
 Netherlands 

Chubb Fire Security Canada Corporation 
 Canada 

Chubb Fire Security Ltd 
 UK 

Chubb Fire Security Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Chubb Fire Ltd. 
 UK 

Chubb France 
 France 

Chubb GF (Thailand) Company Limited 
 Thailand 

Chubb Group (International) Ltd. 
 UK 

Chubb Group Ltd. 
 UK 

Chubb Group Properties Ltd. 
 UK 

Chubb Group Security Ltd. 
 UK 

Chubb Holdings (Thailand) Co., Ltd 
 Thailand 

Chubb Hong Kong Limited 
 Hong Kong 

Chubb Iberia 
 Spain 

Chubb International (Netherlands) BV 
 Netherlands 

Chubb International Holdings Ltd. 
 UK 

Chubb Ireland Limited 
 Ireland 

Chubb Ltd. 
 UK 

Chubb Macau Limited 
 Macau 

Chubb Management Services Ltd. 
 UK 

Chubb Nederland B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Chubb New Zealand 
 New Zealand 

Chubb Osterreich GmbH 
 Austria 

Chubb Properties Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Chubb Security (Pensions) Ltd. 
 UK 

Chubb Security Systems BVBA 
 Belgium 

Chubb Sicli SA 
 Switzerland 

Chubb Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 

Chubb Systems Ltd. 
 UK 

Chubb Systems Pvt. Ltd. 
 India 

Classic Industrial Services, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Clinitec BVBA 
 Belgium 

Counterforce Corporation 
 Canada 

Cream Ridge Construction Co., Inc. 
 New Jersey 

Creamer Jingoli, LLC 
 New Jersey 

Creamer Ruberton A Joint Venture LP 
 New Jersey 

Creamer Sanzari JV 
 New Jersey 

Dalo Service B.V. 
 Netherlands 

De Vries Preventie B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Davis-Ulmer Sprinkler Company, Inc. 
 New York 

De Groene Vlam BVBA 
 Belgium 

De Vries Branbeveiliging B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Delta Security Solutions Holding SAS 
 France 

Delta Security Solutions SA 
 France 

Dunford Hepburn Ltd. 
 UK 

Fire Safety First B.V. 
 Netherlands 

FoamXpert B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Forbes Fire Protection Services, Inc. 
 Canada 

Frontline Security Solutions Ltd. 
 UK 

Gordon United, LLC 
 Minnesota 

Grunau Company, Inc. 
 Wisconsin 

Guardair Aviation Security Technology Limited 
 Thailand 

Hugen Branbeveiliging en Adviesbureau B.V. 
 Netherlands 

ICS, Inc. 
 North Dakota 

International Fire Protection, Inc. 
 Alabama 

Island Fire Sprinkler, Inc. 
 New York 

Island Fire Sprinkler-NYC, LLC 
 New York 

J. Fletcher Creamer Son, Inc. 
 New Jersey 

Jomax Construction Company, Inc. 
 Kansas 

K M Fire Protection Services, Inc. 
 Connecticut 

K M Fire N.Y.C., LLC 
 New York 

Knowsley SK Holding Limited 
 UK 

Knowsley S.K. Limited 
 UK 

LeJeune Steel Company 
 Minnesota 

Mentor Business Systems Ltd. 
 UK 

Metropolitan Mechnical Contractors, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

Mid-Ohio Pipeline Company Inc. 
 Ohio 

Mid-Ohio Pipeline Services, LLC 
 Ohio 

MMC Holdings, LLC 
 Minnesota 

MP Nexlevel of California, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

MP Nexlevel, LLC 
 Minnesota 

MP Technologies, LLC 
 Minnesota 

MSC Fire Products Limited 
 Ireland 

Nexlevel Inc. 
 Minnesota 

Nexus Alarm Suppression, Inc. 
 Wyoming 

Noha AB 
 Sweden 

Noha Norway AS 
 Norway 

Noha Sweden AB 
 Sweden 

Northern Air Corporation 
 Minnesota 

Northland Constructors of Duluth, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

Pilgrim House Group Limited 
 UK 

PSL Supply, LLC 
 New York 

RHDJ B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Safe Brannvern AS 
 Norway 

Saval B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Saval NV 
 Belgium 

Security Monitoring Centre B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Security Monitoring Centre BVBA/SPRL 
 Belgium 

Security Monitoring Centres Ltd. 
 UK 

Shanghai Chubb Intelligent Building Systems Co., Ltd. 
 Chnina 

SICLI Holding SAS 
 France 

Simplus Brandblusapparaten B.V. 
 Netherlands 

SK FireSafety Group B.V. 
 Netherlands 

SK Noord Brandbeveiliging B.V. 
 Netherlands 

SNC Sicli Cie (Protecsud Monaco) 
 Monaco 

Somati Systems 
 Belgium 

Sprinkler Acquisition, LLC 
 Minnesota 

Stichting Administratiekantoor AED-Partner International 
 Netherlands 

Summit Pipeline Services ULC 
 Canada 

Sprocket Insurance Company 
 Vermont 

T.Texas Sprinkler, LP 
 Texas 

Technologies Inc. 
 Minnesota 

Tenet Corp 
 Minnesota 

Tessier s Inc. 
 South Dakota 

TEXASSPRINKLER, LLC 
 Arkansas 

The Jamar Company 
 Minnesota 

Three S Inc. M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

TL Nexlevel Companies, LLC 
 Minnesota 

TLR Consulting, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

Train Oilfield Services Ltd. 
 Canada 

United Piping, Inc. 
 Minnesota 

United States Alliance Fire Protection, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Viking Automatic Sprinkler Company 
 Minnesota 

Vipond Fire Protection Limited 
 UK 

Vipond Inc. 
 Canada 

Vita Nova Supra NV 
 Belgium 

Vivon Nederland B.V. 
 Netherlands 

W M Sprinkler Company, Inc. 
 New York 

W M Sprinkler-NYC, LLC 
 New York 

Wright Service Center, LLC 
 Minnesota 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 apg-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-254675, 333-238891, and 333-238890) on Form S-8 and the registration statements (Nos. 333-261985, 333-256050, and 333-256049) on Form S-3 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of APi Group Corporation and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 7
 apg-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Russell A. Becker, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of APi Group Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Russell A. Becker 

Russell A. Becker 

President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 8
 apg-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kevin S. Krumm, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of APi Group Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Kevin S. Krumm 

Kevin S. Krumm 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 apg-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of APi Group Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Russell A. Becker 

Russell A. Becker 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 10
 apg-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of APi Group Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Kevin S. Krumm 

Kevin S. Krumm 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-95>
 11
 apg-ex95_1.htm
 EX-95.1

EX-95 

Exhibit 95.1 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 The following disclosures are provided pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K, which requires certain disclosures by companies required to file periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that operate mines regulated under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ). 
 
 Mine Safety Information 
 
 Whenever the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA believes a violation of the Mine Act, any health or safety standard or any regulation has occurred, it may issue a citation which describes the alleged violation and fixes a time within which the U.S. mining operator must abate the alleged violation. In some situations, such as when MSHA believes that conditions pose a hazard to miners, MSHA may issue an order removing miners from the area of the mine affected by the condition until the alleged hazards are corrected. When MSHA issues a citation or order, it generally proposes a civil penalty, or fine, as a result of the alleged violation, that the operator is ordered to pay. Citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and as part of that process, may be reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. The number of citations, orders and proposed assessments vary depending on the size and type (underground or surface) of the mine as well as by the MSHA inspector(s) assigned. 
 
 The following table includes information required by the Act for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 APi Construction 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Operation / MSHA Identification Number 
 Section 104 S S Citations (#) 
 Section 104(b) Orders (#) 
 Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (#) 
 Section 110(b)(2) Violations (#) 
 Section 107(a) Orders (#) 
 Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed ) 
 Mining-Related Fatalities (#) 
 Received Notice of Pattern of Violations Under Section 104(c) (Yes/No) 
 Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern Under Section 104(c) (Yes/No) 
 Legal Actions Initiated During Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Resolved During Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Pending as of the End of the Period (#) 

Tilden Mine/2000422 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Solvay Soda Ash/4801295 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Waste Isolation Plant / 29-01857 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Specialty Granules / 4700148 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Davis Ulmer Sprinkler Company	 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Operation / MSHA Identification Number 
 Section 104 S S Citations (#) 
 Section 104(b) Orders (#) 
 Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (#) 
 Section 110(b)(2) Violations (#) 
 Section 107(a) Orders (#) 
 Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed ) 
 Mining-Related Fatalities (#) 
 Received Notice of Pattern of Violations Under Section 104(c) (Yes/No) 
 Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern Under Section 104(c) (Yes/No) 
 Legal Actions Initiated During Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Resolved During Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Pending as of the End of the Period (#) 

US Salt Watkins Glen 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Cargill Watkins Glen 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Cargill - Lansing 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Cargill: 1252 PA-706, Wyalusing, PA 18853 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

The Jamar Company 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Operation / MSHA Identification Number 
 Section 104 S S Citations (#) 
 Section 104(b) Orders (#) 
 Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (#) 
 Section 110(b)(2) Violations (#) 
 Section 107(a) Orders (#) 
 Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed ) 
 Mining-Related Fatalities (#) 
 Received Notice of Pattern of Violations Under Section 104(c) (Yes/No) 
 Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern Under Section 104(c) (Yes/No) 
 Legal Actions Initiated During Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Resolved During Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Pending as of the End of the Period (#) 

C6S 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 435 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

J03 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 266 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Northland Constructors 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Operation / MSHA Identification Number 
 Section 104 S S Citations (#) 
 Section 104(b) Orders (#) 
 Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (#) 
 Section 110(b)(2) Violations (#) 
 Section 107(a) Orders (#) 
 Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed ) 
 Mining-Related Fatalities (#) 
 Received Notice of Pattern of Violations Under Section 104(c) (Yes/No) 
 Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern Under Section 104(c) (Yes/No) 
 Legal Actions Initiated During Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Resolved During Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Pending as of the End of the Period (#) 

HP 400/2101302 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Sparkle Wash/2103460 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Argo/2103719 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Grayhawk HP400/2103843 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Rental/2103893 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

C2027 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Viking Automatic Sprinkler 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Operation / MSHA Identification Number 
 Section 104 S S Citations (#) 
 Section 104(b) Orders (#) 
 Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (#) 
 Section 110(b)(2) Violations (#) 
 Section 107(a) Orders (#) 
 Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed ) 
 Mining-Related Fatalities (#) 
 Received Notice of Pattern of Violations Under Section 104(c) (Yes/No) 
 Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern Under Section 104(c) (Yes/No) 
 Legal Actions Initiated During Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Resolved During Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Pending as of the End of the Period (#) 

US Steel MinnTac 2100282 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

US Steel KeeTac 2103352 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Cleveland Cliffs Eveleth pit and Forbes Pellet Plant 2103403 2103404 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Cleveland Cliffs NorthShore Mining, Silver Bay Pellet Plant and Babbitt pit 2100209 2100831 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

ArcelorMittal Minorca Mine pit/ plant 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Cleveland Cliffs Hibbing Taconite 2101600 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Western States Fire Protection 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Operation / MSHA Identification Number 
 Section 104 S S Citations (#) 
 Section 104(b) Orders (#) 
 Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (#) 
 Section 110(b)(2) Violations (#) 
 Section 107(a) Orders (#) 
 Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed ) 
 Mining-Related Fatalities (#) 
 Received Notice of Pattern of Violations Under Section 104(c) (Yes/No) 
 Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern Under Section 104(c) (Yes/No) 
 Legal Actions Initiated During Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Resolved During Period (#) 
 Legal Actions Pending as of the End of the Period (#) 

Pend Oreille Mine/4500366 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Freeport-McMoRan Morenci Inc./0200024 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Coeur Rochester /2601941 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Continental Cement Company/2302434 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Graymont Pilot Peak Plant / 2601906 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

American Soda LLC (Solvay Chemicals)/ 4801295 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Big Island Mine Refinery (Ciner Wyoming) / 48000154 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

US Borax Inc (Boron) / 400743 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 No 
 No 
 0 
 0 
 0 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 apg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 apg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 apg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 apg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 apg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

