<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230203_10-K_edgar_data_1781335_0001781335-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17858244</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>357495</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2605020</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6559341</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4192928</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3778506</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001781335-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230203161935
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001781335-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		157
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Otis Worldwide Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001781335
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC & OTHER ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT (NO COMPUTER EQUIP) [3600]
		IRS NUMBER:				833789412
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39221
		FILM NUMBER:		23586047

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE CARRIER PLACE
		CITY:			FARMINGTON
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06032
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8606743000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE CARRIER PLACE
		CITY:			FARMINGTON
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06032

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001781335-23-000009.txt : 20230203

10-K
 1
 otis-20221231.htm
 10-K

otis-20221231 
 
 Table o f Content s 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______. 
 Commission file number 
 ____________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ____________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 ____________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. . No . 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes . . 
 
 1 

Table o f Content s 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. . No . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). . No . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes . No . 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates at June 30, 2022 was approximately based on the New York Stock Exchange closing price for such shares on that date. For purposes of this calculation, the Registrant has assumed that its directors and executive officers are affiliates. 
 
 At January 20, 2023, there wer e sh ares of Common Stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

2 

Table o f Content s 

OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results 
 12 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 Item 2. Properties 
 25 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer of Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 28 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 101 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 101 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 101 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 101 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 101 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 103 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 103 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 103 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 104 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 105 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 110 
 SIGNATURES 
 111 

3 

Table o f Content s 

 Otis Worldwide Corporation's and its subsidiaries' names, abbreviations thereof, logos, and product and service designators are all either the registered or unregistered trademarks or tradenames of Otis Worldwide Corporation and its subsidiaries. Names, abbreviations of names, logos, and product and service designators of other companies are either the registered or unregistered trademarks or tradenames of their respective owners. As used herein, the terms "we", "us", "our", "the Company" or "Otis", unless the context otherwise requires, mean Otis Worldwide Corporation and its subsidiaries. References to Internet websites in this Form 10-K are provided for convenience only. Information available through these websites is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Our Company 
 
 Otis is t he world s leading elevator and escalator manufacturing, installation and service company. We serve customers in ov er 200 countries and territories around t he world. Otis has global scale and local focus, with over 1,400 bra nches and offices, and a direct physical presence in approximately 80 countries. 
 
 Separation from United Technologies Corporation 
 
 Otis is a Delaware corporation and was incorporated on March 1, 2019 in connection with the separation and distribution ("Separation") of each of Otis and C arrier Global Corporation ("Carrier") from United Technologies Corporation, subsequently renamed Raytheon Technologies Corporation ("UTC" or "RTX", as applicable) into separate independent publicly-traded companies. The Separation occurred on April 3, 2020. References to "UTC" relate to pre-Separation matters, and references to "RTX" relate to post-Separation matters. 
 
 The Separation was completed pursuant to a Separation and Distribution Agreement ("Separation Agreement") and other agreements with UTC and Carrier related to the Separation, including but not limited to a transition services agreement ("TSA"), a tax matters agreement ("TMA"), an employee matter agreement ("EMA") and an intellectual property agreement (the "Intellectual Property Agreement"). For further discussion of these agreements, see Item 1A, "Note 1: Business Overview" in Item 8 and Item 15 in this Form 10-K. 
 
 The following description of our busin ess should be read in conjunction with Item 7 in this Form 10-K, including the information contained therein under the heading "Business Overview." 

Description of Business by Segment 
 
 Our Company is organized into two segments, New Equipment and Service, which, for the year ended December 31, 2022, contributed 43 and 57 of our net sales, and 17 and 83 of our segment operating profit, respectively. Our international operations represented approximately 72 of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 New Equipment 
 
 Through our New Equipment segment, we design, manufacture, sell and install a wide range of passenger and freight elevators, as well as escalators and moving walkways for residential, commercial and infrastructure projects. In 2022 , our New Equipment segment had sales of 5.9 billion and operating profit of 358 million. In 2022, our New Equipment sales in China represented approximately one-third of our new equipment net sales and China represented over half of our global New Equipment unit volume. 
 
 We have developed a range of elevator and escalator solutions to meet the varying needs and objectives of our diverse customers. Our primary elevator and escalator solutions are described below. 

4 

Table o f Content s 

 The Gen2 family of elevators has been our principal low-and mid-rise elevator solution. Since its launch in 2000, Otis has sold over one million Gen2 units, making it our best selling elevator platform. In 2021, we introduced the successors to the Gen2 family of elevators: the Gen3 and Gen360 digital elevator platforms. These platforms enhance the space-saving, energy-efficient design of the Gen2 elevator with the connectivity of the Otis ONE IoT (internet of things) digital service platform, while offering additional safety features for passengers and our colleagues who maintain the elevator. Otis ONE is designed to continuously monitor equipment health and performance in real time to provide proactive, predictive and transparent information to our technicians and customers. The technology expands predictive and remote maintenance capabilities to support improved elevator up-time and service productivity. 
 
 The Gen360 elevator also features a new native electronic architecture, with many mechanical components replaced by electronic components that in connection with our service increase reliability, reduce the potential for entrapments and free hoistway space to accommodate larger cabins. The Otis ONE IoT solution adds a network of sensors for real-time status updates. A foldable, in-ceiling platform allows maintenance operations to be performed safely from within the car rather than on top of it and, depending on local regulations, eliminates the need for a refuge space above the car and the protrusion on the roof allowing for a flat roof design. With 360-degree cameras in the hoistway, Otis service teams can visually confirm, fine-tune, diagnose and solve many issues remotely without stopping the elevator. 
 
 For taller, high-rise buildings, our most prominent product is the SkyRise elevator solution. The SkyRise advanced high-rise elevator platform combines cutting-edge technologies and precision engineering to deliver solutions for residential, commercial and mixed use skyscrapers. 
 
 Otis offers a range of technologies for improving the passenger experience. Our proprietary Compass 360 destination management system groups passengers by their desired destination and directs them to an assigned car that minimizes waiting and ride time. The system's algorithms anticipate traffic demand within a building and improve traffic flow. Otis eView in-car display streams live, customizable infotainment to passengers and can connect them to OTISLINE, Otis' 24-hour service call center, during an emergency. The Otis eCall Plus smartphone app enables passengers to summon their elevator remotely for a touchless experience. We previously rolled out new voice and gesturing technologies for summoning elevators to customers in China and North America, with other geographies to follow. 
 
 In addition t o elevator solutions, we also offer escalators and moving walkways. With a range of finishes and aesthetics, Otis escalators integrate easily with building designs. Our smart design and features enhance sustainability and passenger safety, such as sensor-equipped escalators and moving walkways that efficiently run only when passengers approach, or operate at reduced speeds to conserve energy when there are no riders. 
 
 Our New Equipment customers include real-estate and building developers and general contractors who develop and/or design buildings for residential, commercial, retail or mixed-use activity. We also sell New Equipment to government agencies, particularly, to support infrastructure projects, such as airports, railways or metros. We generally sell directly to our customers through our New Equipment sales personnel. Due to the nature of the customer base in China and certain other geographies, our direct sales force is augmented by agents and distributors. Given the breadth of our customer base and the large number of customers to whom we deliver new equipment on an annual basis, we are not dependent on any single customer and do not have any contracts material to Otis as a whole with any single customer. The same is true for our broad and geographically dispersed network of agents and distributors. 
 
 New Equipment customers typically engage with us at an early stage during the construction cycle. The timing of order placement depends on factors including project complexity and customer requirements. Elevator installation usually occurs midway through building construction. 
 
 New Equipment orders are generally delivered w ithin 12 months of booking, though larger projects can take longer to deliver based on customer construction schedules, and in some regions, mostly in China, the order to delivery window is shorter. When placing New Equipment orders, customers typically make an advance payment to cover costs including design and contract engineering. These advance payments are typically followed by periodic progress payments at specified milestones, such as delivery of materials at the job site and completion of installation and equipment commissioning. Installation is carried out by our installation technicians or through subcontractors, in which case we typically complete the final inspection and commissioning to ensure that our quality standards are met. Revenues are recognized based on percentage of completion. Once commissioned, New Equipment units are typically supported by a warranty for a limited period of time. 

5 

Table o f Content s 

 Service 
 
 Through our Service segment, we perform maintenance and repair services, as well as modernization services to upgrade elevators and escalators. We have a maintenance portfolio of approximately 2.2 million units globally, which includes Otis equipment manufactured and sold by us, as well as equipment from other original equipment manufacturers. Through our network of service sales personnel, we sell our services directly to customers in all significant elevator and escalator end-segments around the world. In 2022 , our Service segment had net sales of 7.8 billion and operating profit of 1.8 billion. 
 
 Service customers typically comprise building owners, facility managers, housing associations and government agencies that operate buildings where elevators and escalators are installed. Customers securing services for elevators are frequently different from those who initially make purchasing decisions with respect to New Equipment solutions. As the largest service provider in the industry worldwide, we have a wide range of customers in our Service segment and do not have any single service contract material to Otis as a whole. Contract duration depends on a number of factors, including customer needs, regulatory requirements and industry/geography dynamics. We work closely with our customers to renew these contracts as appropriate. Certain types of customers, such as those owning or operating large properties or portfolios of properties, tend to execute long-term maintenance agreements. 
 
 We seek to grow our maintenance portfolio through conversion of newly installed units into maintenance contracts, through prospecting and winning units already in service from customers using another service provider and through acquisitions. Our Service sales personnel seek to win service contracts upon the expiration or termination of existing service contracts from customers by offering a superior value proposition through service excellence, an engaged and technically sophisticated group of field service technicians, a streamlined customer experience and strong elevator and escalator operating performance. 
 
 Our services include inspections, preventive maintenance offerings and other customized maintenance offerings tailored to meet customer needs. A basic maintenance contract provides for inspection consistent with local regulatory needs. We offer incremental, tiered maintenance and service offerings, with varying levels of coverage up to and including comprehensive component replacement coverage. We also provide customers with repair services to address equipment and component wear and tear, as well as breakdowns. 
 
 Similar to most other electro-mechanical equipment, elevators and escalators are subject to wear and tear, which over time erodes equipment functionality. As elevator equipment ages, we work with customers to help renew or refresh their elevators with modernization solutions that enhance equipment operation, improve building functionality and contribute to more sustainable building systems. Modernization offerings can range from relatively simple upgrades of interior finishes and aesthetics to complex upgrades of larger components and sub-systems. 
 
 We provide our Service offerings to our customers through a global network of approximately 34,000 Service mechanics operating out of over 1,400 branches and offices typically located in close proximity to concentrations of customers. Our mechanics are critical to our ability to deliver a high level of service to our customers. Our OTISLINE operations provide personalized customer support 24/7. They receive customer service requests and assign and dispatch field technicians, as necessary, to respond to service requests. Our network of service parts centers, repair centers, and obsolescence management capabilities are key enablers to supporting customers by keeping their elevators and escalators in good working condition. 
 
 Digital Technology initiatives 
 
 Otis has been using technology to monitor elevator performance remotely for decades, culminating in our latest Otis ONE technology discussed under "New Equipment" above. We also offer multimedia subscription options with additional voice, data and video digital services to customers leveraging our IoT technologies. As of the end of 2022, approximately 800,000 units of our global portfolio, including units under the warranty period, are connected. In 2023, we expect to continue to innovate and expand our digital ecosystem and suite of digital solutions for both our existing service portfolio customers and for new equipment shipments from our factories. 

6 

Table o f Content s 

 Research and Development Intellectual Property 
 
 Innovation is a fundamental characteristic of our history and is central to our strategy. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , research and development ("R D") expense was 150 million and 1.1 as a percentage of net sales. In addition to R D expense, we made investments in digital and strategic initiatives of approximately 55 million , which in combination with R D expense was 1.5 as a percentage of n et sales. We coordinate our R D efforts globally through an operating model that sets global and local priorities based on customer and segment needs. We have 11 R D centers and 17 factories around the world, including major locations in China, India, France, Spain and the United States. The R D centers are strategically located close to concentrations of customers and factories to enable efficient development of engineering solutions that can serve a s global model products and adapt quickly and efficiently to local customer needs and local demographic and construction trends. We have approximate ly 1,200 e ngineers globally, with increasing focus on digital initiatives, software, design of the user interface and the user experience. 
 
 We maintain a portfolio of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, licenses and franchises related to the Otis business to protect our R D investments in products and services. We currently own approximately 4,200 globally issued patents, and we have approximately 2,300 patent applications pending globally. We filed approximately 1,300 patent applicatio ns in the last three years. Our patents are primarily filed in Europe, the United States and Asia. We believe that our patents and trade secrets create a competitive advantage and that we have taken reasonable measures to build a portfolio of valid and enforceable intellectual property rights. However, these intellectual property rights might be challenged and could be found invalid or unenforceable. Loss of strategic patents and trade secrets could significantly affect our competitiveness. See Item 1A in this Form 10-K for further discussion of intellectual property matters. 

Joint Ventures and Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries 
 
 Our international strategic relationships, joint ventures and non-wholly owned subsidiaries are an important part of our business as they support our access to international markets and customers. Results of these entities are consolidated with our financial and operational results. In addition to China, as discussed below, we also operate through joint ventures and non-wholly owned subsidiaries in certain other countries. As discussed further below, we acquired the remaining interest in Zardoya Otis during 2022. 
 
 China 
 
 We operate in China through two principal joint ventures: Otis Elevator (China) Investment Company Limited Otis China and Otis Electric Elevator Company Limited Otis Electric ). Otis China is a joint venture established in 1998 for the purpose of manufacturing, installing and servicing elevators, escalators and related equipment. We are a majority owner of Otis China, and Tianjin Tai Kang Investment Co. Ltd. is our joint venture partner. Otis Electric, a subsidiary of Otis China, is a joint venture established in 1997 for the purpose of manufacturing, installing and servicing elevators, escalators and related equipment. Otis China owns a controlling equity stake in Otis Electric. Otis China s partner in Otis Electric is Xizi Elevator Group Co. 
 
 Otis Mobility (formerly Zardoya Otis) 
 
 We conduct our operations based in Spain through Otis Mobility S.A. ("Otis Mobility", formerly Zardoya Otis S.A. Zardoya Otis )). Otis Mobility manufactures, installs and services elevators and elevator equipment in Spain, and exports elevator equipment it manufactures for installation by certain of our subsidiaries outside of Spain. 
 
 In September 2021, the Company announced its tender offer (the "Tender Offer") to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Zardoya Otis not owned by the Company. Prior to completion of the Tender Offer, Zardoya Otis shares were listed on Spanish stock exchanges, and the company was subject to the supervision of the Spanish Securities Exchange Commission (Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (the "CNMV")). We owned a majority equity stake in Zardoya Otis, with Euro Syns S.A. owning a minority position and the remaining shares being held by public shareholders. 
 
 As a result of the Tender Offer, the Company acquired the remaining issued and outstanding shares of Zardoya Otis not owned by the Company in exchange for cash during April and May 2022. As a result, the Company owns 100 of Zardoya Otis. Zardoya Otis shares were automatically delisted on May 9, 2022 and has been renamed Otis Mobility. See "Note 1: Business Overview" for further details regarding this transaction. 

7 

Table o f Content s 

Competition 
 
 We operate in a global and highly competitive industry. Due to the global and localized nature of the industry, there are numerous pa rticipants of varying size that operate in our industry. According to industry estimates, there are hundreds of participants that offer New Equipment solutions and several thousand participants that offer maintenance and service solutions. In both the Ne w Equipment and Service segments, major competitors globally include KONE Oyj, Schindler Group and TK Elevator, while there are a number of additional competitors in the Asia Pacific region. Competitive dynamics vary significantly by segment and geogr aphy. In the Service segment, independent service providers and other small operators are significant competitors in most of our local geograph ies. These independent service providers have an aggregate portfolio of about 50 of service units, but account for a smaller percentage of the service business when measured by value because of the types of units and level of maintenance covered by these providers. 
 
 There are several factors that determine competitiveness in the industry, including local codes and compliance requirements, customer preferences, price, reputation, delivery and execution, product quality, equipment performance, reliability and long-term service and product support. Our success in both our New Equipment and Service segments depends upon our ability to develop and market our products, services and solutions, as well as our ability to provide the people, technologies, facilities, equipment and financial capacity needed to deliver those products and services with maximum efficien cy. We believe our global presence, local relationships and proven track record in executing complex elevator and escalator solutions contribute to our iconic brand, reputation and competitive position in the industry. We believe our business strategies allow us to sustain New Equipment growth, accelerate Service portfolio growth, advance the digitalization of Otis, focus and empower the organization, support our ability to successfully compete across the New Equipment and Service segments, and will help deliver sustainable earnings growth. 

Compliance with Government Regulations 
 
 We conduct our business through subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. Any changes in legislation or government policies impacting our industry, including with respect to employee safety, labor-related regulations, industrial equipment, licensing requirements, foreign ownership limitations and building and elevator safety codes, can affect our operations. We closely monitor local legislation and government policies in the locations in which we operate. 
 
 In addition, our operations are subject to and affected by environmental regulations promulgated by federal, state and local authorities in the United States and regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over our foreign operations. We have incurred and will likely continue to incur liabilities under various government statutes and regulations for the cleanup of pollutants previously released into the environment. We do not anticipate that compliance with current provisions relating to the protection of the environment or that any payments we may be required to make for cleanup liabilities will have a material adverse effect upon our competitive position, cash flows, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 U.S. laws, regulations, orders, and other measures concerning the export or re-export of products, software, services and technology to, and other trade-related activities involving, non-U.S. countries and parties affect the operations of Otis and its affiliates, as do those of other countries pertaining to similar matters. 
 
 For further discussion of risks related to environmental matters and other government regulations, see in this Form 10-K Item 1A, Item 7 and "Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" and "Note 22: Contingent Liabilities" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K. 

Seasonality 
 
 Our business and operating results are generally not subject to significant fluctuations as a result of seasonality, although we have experienced lower New Equipment sales in Asia in the first calendar quarter, coinciding with Lunar New Year celebrations. In addition, we have also experienced lower New Equipment sales in the fourth quarter in China, due to a national holiday that occurs during the first week of October which may impact the relative mix of sales within the quarter. 

8 

Table o f Content s 

 Raw Materials and Supplies 
 
 Due to the global and distributed nature of our operations, we partner with a diverse network of several thousand suppliers globally. These include product and non-product suppliers, as well as subcontractors. We rely on approximately 500 key s uppliers for our manufacturing supply chain. 
 
 Components and systems necessary to effectively complete our New Equipment projects, as well as to satisfy our maintenance and repair obligations, are often available from two or more sources within the industry. While we believe no single supplier is material to our business, some components or applications require particular specifications or qualifications. In those cases, there may be a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers that can readily provide such components, which have in the past, and could in the future, result in supply constraints or cost pressures due to an issue with such a supplier, including financial or operational difficulties or a contract dispute. Additionally, the slowdown of economic activity due to coronavirus ("COVID-19") and subsequent unsettled recovery in certain regions, including their impact on employment, have created long lead times and product shortages for certain components and suppliers. We implement mitigation actions to address potential disruption in and other risks relating to our supply chain, including the use of safety stock and alternative materials, as well as risk assessments, qualification of multiple supply sources and use of long-term supplier agreements. 
 
 Although at times high prices for some important raw materials have caused margin and cost pressures for our business, including in connection with the impact of COVID-19-and the uncertain recovery, we do not expect near-term unavailability or pricing of materials, components or supplies that would have a material adverse effect on our business. We seek to manage commodity price risk through locking and hedging strategies, as well as passing the increases onto our customers through pricing. See Item 1A in this Form 10-K for risks associated with raw material and supply chain, as well as COVID-19. 

Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") 
 
 ESG is part of our culture and embedded in our long-term strategy. The principles of ESG align with the foundation of our business: our Absolutes of Safety, Ethics, and Quality. We are committed to the health and safety of our colleagues and the riding public. We strive to reduce the environmental impact of our own products, operations and services and those of our customers. We foster a culture that embraces all voices and diverse points of view and proactively engages in the communities we serve. See "Human Capital" below for additional information regarding certain ESG initiatives related to our colleagues, including health and safety, employee engagement and Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ("DE I"). 
 
 In 2021, we became a signatory to the U.N. Global Compact and published our thirteen ESG goals (including the four Environment Impact goals below) aligned with the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals ("SDGs"). Our ESG goals and alignment to SDGs are categorized into four areas: Health Safety, Environment Impact, People Communities and Governance Accountability. Our ESG goals can be found in the Investor section of our corporate website, where we make updates from time to time. 
 
 We set goals within each of these areas and aligned to the U.N. SDGs on which we can have the greatest impact. Our Environment Impact goals are as follows: 
 
 Achieve a 50 reduction of Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2030 
 
 Reach carbon neutrality for factory electricity by 2030 
 
 Achieve 100 factory eligibility for zero-waste-to-landfill certification by 2025 
 
 Complete ISO 14001 certification for all factories by 2025 (goal completed in 2021) 
 
 In April 2022, we published our inaugural ESG report on our ES G activities, metrics and progress towards our goals in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative Standards, as well as in alignment with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board guidelines and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. Our progress towards reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gases is included as a performance multiplier in determining payouts under our executive short-term incentive plan. Our ESG goals and ESG report are available through the Investors section of our website (http://www.otis.com) under the heading "ESG". Our ESG goals, our ESG report and our corporate website are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 

9 

Table o f Content s 

 Our Board of Directors and its committees engage in extensive review and oversight of ESG-related topics. The Company's ESG Council monitors our performance towards our ESG goals. The ESG Council is composed of senior leaders representing multiple functions within the Company, including Communications, Engineering, Human Resources, Investor Relations, Legal, and Operations (Environmental, Health Safety, Supply Chain and Quality Continuous Improvement). Also, an internal ESG Working Group, comprised of subject matter experts assists the ESG Council in developing and effectuating the Company's ESG strategy. Both the ESG Council and ESG Working Group meet frequently, with the ESG Council reporting regularly to our CEO and the Executive Leadership Team on our ESG progress and actions. 
 
 There have been no, and we do not expect there to be in the near term, material impacts on our business, financial condition or results of operations as a result of compliance with legislation or regulatory rules regarding climate change, from the known physical eff ects of climate change or as a result of implementing our ESG initiatives. Increased regulation (including the pending Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and European Union requirements) and other climate change concerns, however, could subject us to additional costs and restrictions, and we are not able to predict how su ch regulations or concerns would affect our business, operations or financial results. For a discussion of risks associated with ESG matters, see Item 1A in this Form 10-K. 

Human Capital 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our global workforce consists of approximately 69,000 colleagues, with 44 in Asia, 33 in Europe, the Middle East and Africa EMEA and 23 in the Americas. 
 
 Approximately 64 of our workforce in the U.S. is covered by collective bargaining agreements. Out side of the U.S., our colleagues are represented by workers' councils or statutory labor unions as may be customary or required in those jurisdictions . While we strive to maintain good relationships with our employee representative bodies, our business may be adversely affected by work stoppages, union negotiations, labor disputes and other matters associated with our labor force. T he collective bargaining agreement for most of our bargaining unit colleagues in the U.S. was renewed without disruption in July 2022 and is set to expire in July 2027. For a discussion of risks associated with employment-related matters, see Item 1A in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Compensation 
 
 Our colleagues are vital to our success, and we offer pay and benefits designed to attract, retain and motivate our colleagues and align their compensation with both individual and our overall performance. While our programs vary by location and eligibility, they include base pay, short-term incentive bonuses, long-term incentive pay in the form of stock awards, retirement plans, health care and insurance benefits, tuition assistance through our Employee Scholar program, paid sick, bereavement, vacation, parental and family leaves, wellness and employee assistance programs. 
 
 Safety and Health 
 
 Safety is one of the Otis Absolutes. For that reason, safety measures and indicators are regularly monitored by management and reported to our Board of Directors. To promote safety, we have a health and safety management system and regularly measure the effectiveness of our health and safety programs. We empower all of our colleagues and subcontractors with stop work authority if they perceive an unsafe condition or a behavior that may cause injury. We also seek to promote a culture where stop work authority can be freely exercised without the fear of retribution or retaliation, and a learning culture to enhance the quality and delivery of safety and technical training. Health and Safety is one of the four focus areas of our ESG goals. See the Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") section of this Form 10-K above for more information regarding our ESG goals. 
 
 For our colleagues to be effective, they need to be healthy. Starting in 2020, with the added stress of the COVID-19 pandemic, we increased our efforts to improve our colleagues mental health by expanding employee assistance plan benefits and by bringing increased attention to the importance of mental health. We now provide employee assistance plan benefits to all of our colleagues worldwide. We also offer flexible work arrangements to many salaried colleagues. 
 
 Training and Development 
 
 We strive to emphasize development and training, as we believe that individual and corporate success is driven by lifelong learning and by empowering our colleagues. As a result, we provide a range of development and mentoring opportunities that vary based on a colleague's career stage and function. One of our flagship programs is Otis University, a global program that builds leadership and functional capabilities in sales, field, engineering, operations, and major projects. Our Employee Scholar 
 
 10 

Table o f Content s 

 Program is a comprehensive, company-sponsored education program that allows colleagues to expand their skills through degree or certification programs. 
 
 Having access to trained technicians is very important to our business. Our mechanics receive extensive training to service and install equipment safely. This training consists of live, virtual, and on-the-job modules with experienced mechanics. We are increasing our professional network to reach out to more communities when hiring through partnerships, and have developed several apprenticeship, training and internship programs. We are also increasing through various initiatives the number of women in our mechanic population across the world to enhance diversity and to obtain access to a larger talent pool. 
 
 Commitment to Change 
 
 We aim to be both an equal-opportunity employer of choice for people of broad perspectives and experiences, cultures, genders, races, and generations, and whose workforce mirrors the diversity of our customers and the communities where we live and work, and a place where every voice feels safe, welcomed and heard. To further accountability and transparency with respect to our DE I progress, we established a DE I Advisory Group which is responsible for setting Otis DE I global strategy and priorities. The DE I Advisory Group is composed of eight members representing cross-functional and cross-regional areas and one Otis Board member, and includes four annual rotating members and four permanent members, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief People Officer. Our DE I performance is reviewed by our DE I Advisory Group three times a year. 
 
 In addition, we believe that it is important for us to significantly increase the number of women we have in executive roles. In 2020, we joined the Paradigm for Parity coalition, p ledging our commitment to establish gender parity across our executive leadership by 2030 . Our progress towards attaining gender parity across our executive leadership is a performance multiplier in determining payouts under our executive short-term incentive plan. 
 
 Our global inclusive leadership learning program provides training through virtual learning and group conversations to identify and mitigate bias using a common approach and vocabulary. In 2022, we implemented a gender identity policy and deployed a self-ID campaign, which allows employees to self-report their demographic data. We also launched an initiative, We Are Many Voices, as part of global inclusion month in October 2022. During that month, all colleagues were encouraged to celebrate and learn about the different dimensions of diversity, engage with each other, and grow stronger together. 
 
 Our employee resource groups ERGs also play a significant role in our ability to attract, retain, and develop diverse talent, and build allies across the organization. As ERGs are vital in nurturing a culture of DE I at Otis, we are continuing to expand our ERG offerings by supporting all abilities and increasing representation, and are partnering with them to further our DE I initiatives. 
 
 Engagement 
 
 We believe that engaged colleagues deliver better service to our customers. We measure engagement by conducting colleague surveys twice yearly. The results, which are reported to our Board of Directors and management, help us assess how our colleagues feel about working for us. We use the survey results to develop action plans to address areas of concern. The engagement surveys, which anonymizes the data, cover topics such as safety, ethics, belonging, quality, company prospects, inclusion, empowerment, accountability and managerial effectiveness. Increasing colleague favorability for the inclusive culture category in the Company s engagement survey is part of our thirteen published ESG goals. See the Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") section of this Form 10-K above for more information regarding our ESG goals. 

Available Information 
 
 This Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form-10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge through the Investors section of our Internet website (http://www.otis.com) under the heading "Financial Information" as soon as reasonably practicable after these reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) containing reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 11 

Table o f Content s 

 Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future R esults 
 
 This Form 10-K contains statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical or present fact, constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. From time to time, oral or written forward-looking statements may also be included in other information released to the public. These forward-looking statements are intended to provide management s current expectations or plans for Otis future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as believe, expect, expectations, plans, strategy, prospects, estimate, project, target, anticipate, will, should, see, guidance, outlook, medium-term, near-term, confident, goals and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements may include, among other things, statements relating to future sales, earnings, cash flow, results of operations, uses of cash, dividends, share repurchases, tax rates, R D spend, credit ratings, net indebtedness and other measures of financial performance or potential future plans, strategies or transactions, or statements that relate to climate change and our intent to achieve certain ESG targets or goals, including operational impacts and costs associated therewith, and other statements that are not historical facts. All forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. For those statements, Otis claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, without limitation: 
 
 the effect of economic conditions in the industries and markets in which Otis and its businesses operate in the U.S. and globally and any changes therein, including financial market conditions, fluctuations in commodity prices and other inflationary pressures, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, levels of end market demand in construction, pandemic health issues (including COVID-19 and variants thereof and the ongoing economic recovery therefrom and their effects on, among other things, global supply, demand and distribution), natural disasters (whether as a result of climate change or otherwise) and the financial condition of Otis customers and suppliers; 
 the effect of changes in political conditions in the U.S. and other countries in which Otis and its businesses operate, including the effects of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions and export controls, on general market conditions, commodity costs, global trade policies, currency exchange rates and stakeholder perception in the near term and beyond; 
 challenges in the development, production, delivery, support, performance and realization of the anticipated benefits of advanced technologies and new products and services; 
 future levels of indebtedness, capital spending and research and development spending; 
 future availability of credit and factors that may affect such availability, credit market conditions and Otis capital structure; 
 the timing and scope of future repurchases of Otis common stock ("Common Stock"), which may be suspended at any time due to various factors, including market conditions and the level of other investing activities and uses of cash; 
 fluctuations in prices and delays and disruption in delivery of materials and services from suppliers, whether as a result of COVID-19, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine or otherwise; 
 cost reduction or containment actions, restructuring costs and related savings and other consequences thereof; 
 new business and investment opportunities; 
 the outcome of legal proceedings, investigations and other contingencies; 
 pension plan assumptions and future contributions; 
 the impact of the negotiation of collective bargaining agreements and labor disputes and labor inflation in the markets in which Otis and its businesses operate globally; 
 the effect of changes in tax, environmental, regulatory (including among other things import/export) and other laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which Otis and its businesses operate, including as a result of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 
 the ability of Otis to retain and hire key personnel; 
 the scope, nature, impact or timing of acquisition and divestiture activity, the integration of acquired businesses into existing businesses and realization of synergies and opportunities for growth and innovation and incurrence of related costs; 
 the determination by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities that the distribution or certain related transactions in connection with the Separation should be treated as taxable transactions; and 
 our obligations and disputes that have or may hereafter arise under the agreements we entered into with RTX and Carrier in connection with the Separation. 
 
 12 

Table o f Content s 

 These and other factors are more fully discussed in the Business , Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections and elsewhere in this Form 10-K and may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, or in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. W e undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Additional information as to factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements is disclosed from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by the factors set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 We may be affected by global economic, capital market and political conditions in general, and conditions in the construction and infrastructure industries in particular. 
 
 Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions and geopolitical risks (see discussion of risks associated with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine below), including global credit market conditions, levels of consumer and business confidence, commodity prices, raw material and energy costs, supply chain issues, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, labor costs, levels of government spending and deficits, trade policies, tariffs and trade barriers, political conditions, regulatory changes, fluctuations in residential and commercial construction activity, pandemic health issues (see discussion of COVID-19 below), natural disasters, including weather events caused by climate change, actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt and other challenges that could affect the global economy. These economic and political conditions affect businesses such as ours in a number of ways. In particular, a slowdown in building and remodeling activity or decreased public spending on infrastructure projects could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 Our business may be further impacted by the COVID-19 pandemi c. 
 
 Since 2020, COVID-19, including variants of the original virus, has continued to spread throughout the world, impacting various geographies at varying levels of severity, and resulting in travel restrictions and shutdowns, occupancy limits or other restrictions of non-essential businesses, including construction and hospitality venues, impacting to various extents our factory operations, new equipmen t installations and access to units under maintenance. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business is uncertain at this time and will depend on future developments, including the severity of evolving variants, availability, efficacy and distribution of various vaccines and treatments for COVID-19, but further restrictions or the rollback of reopening measures due to higher infection rates may further disrupt our operati ons and the operations of our suppliers, distributors and customers. COVID-19 has adversely affected and could further affect the ability of our customers to pay for our products and services and to obtain financing for significant purchases and operations, which has resulted in, and could further result in, a decrease and/or cancellation of orders for our products and services and/or payment delays or defaults. Similarly, COVID-19 and the uncertain economic recovery from the virus have adversely affected and may further affect our supply base and increase the potential for one or more of our suppliers to experience production constraints, distribution challenges, financial distress or bankruptcy, which could impact our ability to fulfill orders on time or at anticipated cost. Additionally, it is unclear what longer term effects the virus will have on the global economy, including the commercial building industry. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

13 

Table o f Content s 

 Our international operations subject us to risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in local and regional economic conditions, such as fluctuations in exchange rates, risks associated with government policies on international trade and investments, and risks associated with China and other emerging markets. 
 
 We conduct our business on a global basis, with approxim ately 72 of our 2022 n et sales derived from international operations. Changes in local and regional economic conditions, including credit conditions and fluctu ations in exchange rates, may affect product demand and reported profits in our non-U.S. operations, where transactions are generally denominated in local currencies. In addition, currency fluctuations may affect the prices we pay for the materials used in our products. Though we engage in hedging strategies to manage foreign currency exposures in connection with certain cross-border transactions, our operating margins may be negatively impacted by currency fluctuations that result in higher costs or lower revenues for certain cross-border transactions. Our financial statements are denominated in U.S. Dollars. Accordingly, fluctuations in exchange rates have given and may continue to give rise to gains or losses when financial statements of non-U.S. operating units are translated into U.S. Dollars. Given that the majority of our sales are non-U.S. based, a strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against other major foreign currencies has adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to investments and limitations on foreign ownership of businesses, taxation, foreign exchange controls, capital controls, employment regulations and the repatriation of earnings. Government policies on international trade and investments such as import quotas, capital controls, punitive taxes or tariffs or similar trade barriers, whether imposed by individual governments or regional trade blocs, can affect demand for our products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or services, or encumber our ability to manufacture or sell products in certain countries. The implementation of more restrictive trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs, or the renegotiation of existing trade agreements with the U.S. or countries where we sell large quantities of products and services, procure materials incorporated into our products, manufacture products or recruit and employ employees, including trade relations between the U.S. and China (as discussed below), could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our ability to r ecruit and retain employees or deploy certain employees to the geographies where their skills are best utilized. Our international sales and operations are also sensitive to changes in foreign nations priorities, including government budgets, as well as to political and economic instability. International transactions may involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs in foreign countries. 
 
 China is currently the largest end market for sales of new equipment in our industry, with our New Equipment sales in China representing approximately 35 of our global New Equipment net sales and over half of our global New Equipment unit volume . Changes to market and economic conditions in China, including credit conditions for our customers, an escalation of trade conflicts between the U.S. and China or changes in the government's COVID-19 policies, may impact our ability to continue New Equipment net sales in China at rates consistent with prior years. Furthermore, as is the case in many countries where we operate, the legal and regulatory regime in China is evolving, and accordingly, we could, in the future, be required to comply with significant requirements unique to China in order to maintain access to Chinese markets. 
 
 We expect that sales to emerging markets will continue to account for a significant portion of our sales as those and other developing nations and regions around the world increase their demand for our products and services. A slowdown in urbanization in emerging countries, such as China or India, could adversely affect our financial performance. In addition, as part of our global business model, we operate in certain countries, including Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico, Poland, South Africa, Ukraine, Turkey and certain countries in the Middle East, that carry high levels of currency, political, compliance and economic risk. Our emerging market operations can present many risks, including differences in culturally accepted practices (such as employment and business practices), compliance risks, economic and government instability, currency fluctuations, and the imposition of foreign exchange and capital controls. While these factors and their impact are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

14 

Table o f Content s 

 Risks associated with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine 
 
 The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has resulted in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty, and we cannot predict how the conflict will evolve. If the conflict continues for a significant time or expands to other countries, it could have additional adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including but not limited to, increased costs, constraints on the availability of commodities, supply chain disruptions and decreased business spending. Furthermore, continuation of the conflict could give rise to disruptions to our or our business partners global technology infrastructure, including through cyber-attack or cyber-intrusion; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; regulatory enforcement; our ability to implement and execute our business strategy; terrorist activities; our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; and constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See Item 7 "Business Overview" in this Form 10-K for more information regarding the recent sale of our business in Russia. 
 
 We use a variety of raw materials, supplier-provided parts, components, sub-systems and third-party manufacturing services in our business, and significant shortages, supplier capacity constraints, supplier production disruptions or price increases could increase our operating costs and adversely impact the competitive positions of our products. 
 
 Our reliance on suppliers (including third-party manufacturers) and commodity markets to secure the raw materials and components used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. Issues with suppliers, (such as a disruption in deliveries, capacity constraints, production disruptions, quality issues and supplier closings or bankruptcies, including in connection with the ongoing impact of COVID-19 and the unsettled economic recovery), price increases or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities (including in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine) could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers or could increase our operating costs, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Adverse changes in our relationships with, or the financial condition, performance or purchasing patterns of, key distributors and agents could adversely affect us. 
 
 Certain of our businesses sell a significant amount of their products to distributors and agents, particularly in China, that have valuable relationships with customers. Some of these distributors and agents also sell our competitors products, and if they favor competing products for any reason they may fail to market our products effectively. Adverse changes in our relationships with these distributors and other partners, or adverse developments in their financial condition, performance or purchasing patterns, or compliance practices, could adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 We design, manufacture, install and service products that incorporate advanced technologies; the introduction of new products and technologies involves risks, and we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. 
 
 We seek to grow our business through the design, development, production, sale and support of innovative products that incorporate advanced technologies. The product and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly, and we invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts to pursue advancements in technologies, products and services. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements, such as the development and execution of advanced digital technologies for the benefit of our New Equipment or Service segment or the development of new products depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules; execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of supplier and internally produced parts and materials; performance of suppliers and subcontractors; hiring and training of qualified personnel; achieving cost and production efficiencies; validation of innovative technologies; and customer interest in new technologies and products and acceptance of products we manufacture or that incorporate technologies we develop. 
 
 Our research and development efforts may not result in innovative products or services that incorporate new technologies for our New Equipment and Service segments, or products or services being developed on a timely basis or that meet the needs of our customers as effectively as competitive offerings. In addition, the markets for our products or services, or products that incorporate our technologies, may not develop or grow as we anticipate. We or our customers, suppliers or subcontractors may encounter difficulties in developing and producing new products and services, and may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated or may otherwise suffer significant adverse financial consequences. Due to the design complexity of our products, we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. Any delays could 
 
 15 

Table o f Content s 

 result in increased development costs or divert resources from other projects. If we are unable to successfully develop and timely introduce new products, services and technologies, our competitors may develop competing technologies that gain market acceptance in advance of or instead of our products or services. The possibility also exists that our competitors might develop new technology or offerings that might cause our existing technology and offerings to become obsolete, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 We operate in a competitive environment and our profitability depends on our ability to accurately estimate the costs and timing of providing our products and services. 
 
 Our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis. Our quotations and bids are based upon, among other items, the cost to provide the products and services. To generate an acceptable return on our investment on these contracts, we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the services and deliver the products required by the contract and to be able to complete the contracts in a timely manner. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a new equipment order, or the extent of required maintenance pursuant to a service contract, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected. Some of our contracts provide for liquidated damages if we do not perform in accordance with the contract. As a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to provide products and services at competitive prices while maintaining anticipated levels of profitability, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Our debt levels and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences; we may need additional debt or equity financing in the future to meet our capital needs, and such financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, due to changes in global capital markets, our financial performance or outlook or our credit ratings and may be dilutive to existing shareholders. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 6.6 billion outstanding long-term debt. Our debt level and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences, including, among others: 
 requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which would reduce funds we have available for other purposes, such as acquisitions and reinvestment in our businesses; and 
 reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions. 
 
 We may need additional financing for general corporate purposes. For example, we may need funds to increase our investment in research and development activities, to refinance or repay existing debt, or to make a strategic acquisition. We may be unable to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. Volatility in the world financial markets, including as a result of inflation concerns from the unsettled recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic or the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could increase borrowing costs or affect our ability to access the capital markets. Our ability to issue debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for our products or services, or in the solvency of our customers, suppliers or distributors or other significantly unfavorable changes in economic conditions. 
 
 Otis has an investment grade credit rating from each of Moody s Investor Services, Inc. and Standard Poor s. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings, and any actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade or similar announcement, could increase the cost of borrowing under any indebtedness we may incur, reduce market capacity for our commercial paper, require the posting of additional collateral under our derivative contracts, or otherwise have a negative impact on our liquidity, capital position and access to the capital markets. 
 
 If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, our shareholders will experience dilution of their ownership interest. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to limitations on our operations due to restrictive covenants or rating agencies may downgrade our credit rating. 

16 

Table o f Content s 

 Quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases may be discontinued, accelerated or modified, are subject to a number of uncertainties and may affect the price of Common Stock. 
 
 Quarterly cash dividends are a component of our capital allocation strategy, which we fund with operating free cash flow, borrowings and divestitures. We also have authority to repurchase our shares under a share repurchase program. In general, dividends and share repurchases, if commenced, may be discontinued, accelerated, suspended or delayed at any time without prior notice. Furthermore, the amount of such dividends and repurchases may be changed, and the amount, timing and frequency of such dividends and repurchases may vary from historical practice or from the company s stated expectations. Decisions with respect to dividends and share repurchases are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be based on a variety of factors. Important factors that could cause us to discontinue, limit, suspend, increase or delay our quarterly cash dividends or share repurchases include market conditions, the market price of Common Stock, the nature and timing of other investment and acquisition opportunities, changes in our business strategy, the terms of our financing arrangements, our outlook as to the ability to obtain financing at attractive rates, the impact on our credit ratings and the availability of domestic cash. The reduction or elimination of our cash dividend or share repurchase program could adversely affect the market price of Common Stock. Although our share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term shareholder value, changes in laws or regulations related thereto or short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program's effectiveness. 
 
 See Item 5 in this Form 10-K for more information regarding our share repurchase program. 
 
 We engage in acquisitions and divestitures, and may encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with, or disposing of businesses from, our current operations; therefore, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions and divestitures. 
 
 We seek to grow through strategic acquisitions in addition to internal growth. Our due diligence reviews in connection with our acquisitions may not identify all of the material issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential loss contingencies of a particular transaction, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target s previous activities. For example, we may incur unanticipated costs, expenses or other liabilities as a result of an acquisition target s violation of applicable laws, such as anti-corruption, antitrust, anti-collusion, environmental or income tax laws. We also may incur unanticipated costs or expenses, including post-closing asset impairment charges, as well as expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation and other liabilities. We may incur unexpected costs associated with labor law, tax or pension matters or to bring acquired assets up to our operating standards. We may encounter difficulties in integrating acquired businesses with our operations, applying our internal controls to these acquired businesses or in managing strategic investments. Additionally, we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits we anticipate when we first enter into a transaction. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, accounting requirements relating to business combinations, including the requirement to expense certain acquisition costs as incurred, may cause us to incur greater earnings volatility and generally lower earnings during periods in which we acquire new businesses. 
 
 We also make strategic divestitures from time to time. Our divestitures may result in continued financial exposure to the divested businesses, such as through guarantees, other financial arrangements, continued supply and services arrangements, and environmental and product liability claims, following the transaction. Under these arrangements, nonperformance by those divested businesses could result in obligations being imposed on us that could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, cash flows, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 For constraints on mergers and acquisition activity after the completion of the distribution, see Risk Factors Risks Related to the Separation below. 
 
 We are party to joint ventures which may not be successful and may expose us to special risks and restrictions. 
 
 Our business operations depend on forming joint ventures. In certain regions, we operate our business through joint venture relationships or non-wholly owned subsidiaries, including: Otis Electric Elevator Company Limited and Otis Elevator (China) Investment Limited in China. A significant downturn or deterioration in the business or financial condition of a joint venture partner could affect our results of operations in a particular period. Our joint ventures may experience labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand for products, delays in the launch of new products or other difficulties in their businesses. Changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to investments and limitations on foreign ownership of businesses, could adversely impact our ability to participate in and operate our joint ventures, or could result in changes to the ownership structure or allocation of rights in our joint ventures. If we are not successful in maintaining 
 
 17 

Table o f Content s 

 our joint ventures and other strategic partnerships, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 
 Joint ventures and non-wholly owned subsidiaries inherently involve special risks. Whether or not we hold a majority interest or maintain operational control in such arrangements, our partners or other shareholders may (1) have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with or contrary to ours, (2) exercise veto or other rights, to the extent available, to block actions that we believe to be in our or the joint venture s or non-wholly owned subsidiary s best interests, (3) take action contrary to our policies or objectives with respect to our investments, business or compliance practices or (4) be unable or unwilling (including as a result of financial or other difficulties) to fulfill their obligations, such as contributing capital to expansion or maintenance projects, under the joint venture or other agreement. There can be no assurance that any particular joint venture or non-wholly owned subsidiary will be beneficial to us. 
 
 We are subject to litigation, product safety and other legal and compliance risks. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of litigation, legal and compliance risks. These risks relate to, among other things, product safety, personal injuries, intellectual property rights, contract-related claims, taxes, environmental matters, competition laws and laws governing improper business practices. We could be charged with wrongdoing in connection with such matters. If convicted or found liable, we could be subject to significant fines, penalties, repayments and other damages (in certain cases, treble damages). 
 
 As a global business, we are subject to complex laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate. Those laws and regulations may be interpreted in different ways. They may also change from time to time, as may related interpretations and other guidance. Changes in laws or regulations could result in higher expenses or changes to business operations that could impact our ability to sell our products and services or sell them at expected profit levels. Uncertainty relating to those laws or regulations may also affect how we operate, structure our investments and enforce our rights. 
 
 Product and general liability claims (including claims related to the safety, reliability or maintenance of our products) and accident risks during the production, installation, maintenance and use of our products can result in significant costs, including settlements, punitive damages and other risks such as damage to our reputation, negative publicity and management distraction, which could reduce demand for our products and services. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA") and other anti-corruption laws that generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA applies to companies, individual directors, officers, employees and agents. Under certain anti-corruption laws, companies also may be held liable for the actions of partners or representatives. Certain of our customer relationships are with governmental entities and are, therefore, subject to the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws. Despite meaningful measures that we undertake to seek to ensure lawful conduct, which include training and internal controls, we may not always be able to prevent our employees, partners, joint ventures, agents or distributors from violating the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws. As a result, we could be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement, changes or enhancements to our compliance measures that could increase our costs, decrease our access to certain sales channels, personnel changes or other remedial actions. Prior to the Separation, UTC, including Otis, was subject to a formal investigation by the SEC related to alleged violations of anti-corruption laws, which resulted in a Settlement Order in which our former parent UTC paid a civil penalty related to certain activities in our business in Russia, China and Kuwait, as well as activities in another UTC business. 
 
 Moreover, we are subject to antitrust and anti-collusion laws, including mandatory supply laws and bidding regulations, in various jurisdictions throughout the world. Changes in these laws or their interpretation, administration and/or enforcement may occur over time, and any such changes may limit our future acquisitions or operations, or result in changes to our strategies, sales and distribution structures or other business practices. We are subject to ongoing claims related to alleged violations of anti-collusion laws in certain European countries, where we are subject to claims for overcharges on elevators and escalators related to civil cartel cases. Though we have implemented policies, controls and other measures to prevent collusion or anti-competitive behavior, our controls may not always be effective in preventing our employees, partners, joint ventures, agents or distributors from violating antitrust or anti-collusion laws. 
 
 Violations of the FCPA, antitrust or other anti-corruption or anti-collusion laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our operations, cause reputational harm, involve significant management distraction and result in a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

18 

Table o f Content s 

 We also must comply with various laws and regulations relating to the export of products, services and technology from the U.S. and other countries having jurisdiction over our operations. In the U.S., these laws include, among others, the Export Administration Regulations administered by the Department of Commerce and embargoes and sanctions regulations administered by the Department of the Treasury. In addition, U.S. foreign policy may restrict or prohibit business dealings with certain individuals, entities or countries; changes in these prohibitions can happen suddenly and could result in a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 
 For a description of current material legal proceedings, see "Note 22: Contingent Liabilities" in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 We are impacted by increasing stakeholder interest in public company performance, disclosure, and goal-setting with respect to ESG matters. 
 
 We have increased reporting of our ESG programs and performance, as required by applicable law and voluntarily, and have established and announced goals and other objectives related to ESG matters. These goal statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our ability to achieve any goal or objective, including with respect to ESG initiatives, is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include: (1) the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources and technologies, (2) evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures, (3) the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability, diversity and other standards, and (4) our ability to recruit, develop, and retain diverse talent in our labor markets. In addition, standards for tracking and reporting on ESG matters have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Our processes and controls for reporting of ESG matters may not always comply with evolving and disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics globally, our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our performance metrics, goals or reported progress in achieving such goals and increased compliance costs and risks. 
 
 If our ESG practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, supplier, or business partner, could be negatively impacted. In addition, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals, targets, and objectives within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have similar negative impacts. 
 
 Our defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risk that could adversely affect our results. 
 
 The performance of the financial markets and interest rates can impact our defined benefit pension plan expenses and funding obligations. Significant decreases in the discount rate or investment losses on plan assets may increase our funding obligations and adversely impact our financial results. See "Note 13: Employee Benefit Plans" in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion on pension plans and related obligations and contingencies. 
 
 Information security, data privacy and identity protection may require significant resources and present certain risks to our business, reputation and financial condition. 
 
 We collect, store, have access to and otherwise process certain confidential or sensitive data that may be subject to data privacy and cybersecurity laws, regulations or customer-imposed controls, including proprietary business information, personal data and other information. We also develop products that may in certain cases collect, store, have access to, and otherwise process certain personally identifiable or confidential data of our customers who purchase and use such products either separately or as a part of another product or system or by way of access to our websites or social media accounts. Although we seek to protect such data and design our products to enable our customers to use them while complying with applicable data privacy and cybersecurity laws and/or customer-imposed controls, we have experienced cyber-attacks, which have not to our knowledge had a material adverse impact on the Company to date. Our internal systems and products may be vulnerable to further cyber-attacks, security breaches, theft, programming errors or employee errors, which could lead to the compromise of confidential and sensitive data, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, improper use of our systems, software solutions or networks, defective products, production downtimes and/or operational disruptions in violation of applicable law and/or contractual obligations. A significant actual or perceived risk of theft, loss, fraudulent use or misuse of customer, employee or other data, whether by us, our suppliers, distributors, customers or other third parties, as a result of employee error or malfeasance, or as a result of the compromise of software, security and other products we incorporate into our products, as well as non-compliance with applicable industry standards or our contractual or other legal obligations or privacy and information security policies regarding such data, could result in costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions, or could lead customers to select products and services of our competitors. In addition, any such event could harm our reputation, cause unfavorable publicity or otherwise adversely affect certain potential customers perception of the security and reliability 
 
 19 

Table o f Content s 

 of our services as well as our credibility and reputation, which could result in lost sales. In addition, because of the global nature of our business, both our internal systems and products must comply with the applicable laws, regulations and standards in a number of jurisdictions, which continue to evolve, and in certain cases, include provisions that are unclear. Government enforcement actions, including due to geopolitical concerns, and violations of data privacy and cybersecurity laws could be costly or interrupt our business operations. Any of the foregoing factors could result in reputational damage or civil or governmental proceedings, which could result in a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Our business and financial performance depend on continued substantial investment in information technology infrastructure, which may not yield anticipated benefits, and may be adversely affected by cyber-attacks on information technology infrastructure and products and other business disruptions. 
 
 The efficient operation of our business requires continued substantial investment in technology infrastructure systems, including partial shifting from virtual private networks to cloud-based networks, and we must attract and retain qualified people to operate these systems, expand and improve them, integrate new systems effectively and efficiently convert to new systems when required. An inability to fund, acquire and implement these systems might impact our ability to respond effectively to changing customer expectations, manage our business, scale our solutions effectively or impact our customer service levels, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage and negatively impact our financial results. Repeated or prolonged interruptions of service due to problems with our systems or third-party technologies, whether or not in our control, could have a significant negative impact on our reputation and our ability to sell products and services. Furthermore, we are highly dependent upon a variety of internal computer and telecommunication systems to operate our business. Failure to design, develop and implement new technology infrastructure systems in an effective and timely manner, or to adequately invest in and maintain these systems, could result in the diversion of management s attention and resources and could materially adversely affect our operating results, competitive position and ability to efficiently manage our business. Our existing information systems may become obsolete, requiring us to transition our systems to a new platform. Such a transition would be time consuming, costly and damaging to our competitive position, and could require additional management resources. Failure to implement and deploy new systems or replacement systems on the schedules anticipated, could materially adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 In addition, our business may be impacted by disruptions to our own or third-party information technology IT infrastructure, which could result from (among other causes) cyber-attacks on or failures of such infrastructure or compromises to its physical security, as well as from damaging weather or other acts of nature. Cyber-based risks, in particular, are evolving and include attacks on our IT infrastructure, as well as attacks targeting the security, integrity and/or availability of the hardware, software and information installed, stored or transmitted in our products, including after the purchase of those products and when they are installed into third-party products, facilities or infrastructure. Such attacks could disrupt our business operations, our systems or those of third parties, and could impact the ability of our products to work as intended. We and some of our third-party suppliers have experienced cyber-based attacks, and, due to the evolving threat landscape, may continue to experience them going forward, potentially with more frequency. We continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities, and to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services and operations from potential cyber-attacks. However, given the unpredictability, nature and scope of cyber-attacks, it is possible that potential vulnerabilities could go undetected for an extended period. As a result of a cyber-attack, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays or other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers; destruction or corruption of data; security breaches; manipulation or improper use of our or third-party systems, networks or products; financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business, potential liability, penalties, fines and/or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Due to the evolving nature of such risks, the impact of any potential incident cannot be predicted. Any disruption to our business due to such issues, or an increase in our costs to cover these issues that is greater than what we have anticipated, could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 There can be no assurance that our systems will not fail or experience disruptions, and any significant failure or disruption of these systems could prevent us from making sales, ordering supplies, delivering products, providing functional products and otherwise conducting our business. 

20 

Table o f Content s 

 We depend on our intellectual property, and have access to certain intellectual property and information of our customers, suppliers and distributors; infringement or failure to protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our future growth and success. 
 
 We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, customer and supplier agreements, license agreements, non-compete agreements, information technology security systems, internal controls and compliance systems and other measures to protect our intellectual property. We also rely on nondisclosure agreements, information technology security systems and other measures to protect certain customer and supplier information and intellectual property that we have in our possession or to which we have access. Our efforts to protect such intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. We cannot be sure that our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors or that these patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to preclude our competitors from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights also may be limited. In addition, we may be the target of competitor or other third-party patent enforcement actions seeking substantial monetary damages or seeking to prevent the sale and marketing of certain of our products or services. Our competitive position also may be adversely impacted by limitations on our ability to obtain possession of, and ownership or necessary licenses concerning, data important to the development or provision of our products or service offerings, or by limitations on our ability to restrict the use by others of data related to our products or services. Any of these events or factors could subject us to judgments, penalties and significant litigation costs or temporarily or permanently disrupt our sales and marketing of the affected products or services and could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Operating outside the United States also exposes us to additional intellectual property risk. The laws and enforcement practices of certain jurisdictions in which we operate may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as in the United States and may impose joint venture, technology transfer, local service or other foreign investment requirements, and restrictions that potentially compromise control over our technology and proprietary information. Failure of foreign jurisdictions to protect our intellectual property rights, an inability to effectively enforce such rights in foreign jurisdictions, or the imposition of foreign jurisdiction investment or sourcing restrictions or requirements could result in loss of valuable proprietary information and could impact our competitive position and financial results. 
 
 Additional tax expense or additional tax exposures could affect our future profitability. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various international jurisdictions. Changes to tax laws and regulations, as well as changes and conflicts in related interpretations or other tax guidance could materially impact our tax receivables and liabilities and our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to examinations by various tax authorities. In addition, governmental authorities in various jurisdictions could launch new examinations and expand existing examinations. The global and diverse nature of our operations means that these risks will continue and additional examinations, proceedings and contingencies will arise from time to time. Our competitive position, cash flows, results of operation or financial condition may be affected by the outcome of examinations, proceedings and contingencies that cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 
 See Business Overview and Results of Operations Income Taxes in Item 7 and "Note 2: Significant Accounting Policies" and "Note 16: Income Taxes" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K, for further discussion on income taxes and related contingencies. 
 
 We may not realize expected benefits from our cost reduction and restructuring efforts, and our profitability may be hurt or our business otherwise might be adversely affected. 
 
 In order to operate more efficiently and cost effectively, we may adjust employment, optimize our footprint or undertake other restructuring activities. These activities are complex and may involve or require significant changes to our operations. If we do not successfully manage restructuring activities, expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted. Risks associated with these actions and other workforce management issues include unfavorable political responses, unforeseen delays in the implementation of anticipated workforce reductions, additional unexpected costs, adverse effects on employee morale, the failure to meet operational targets due to the loss of employees or work stoppages, any of which may impair our ability to achieve anticipated cost reductions, otherwise harm our business or have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

21 

Table o f Content s 

 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions could enable our Board of Directors to resist a takeover attempt by a third party and limit the power of our shareholders. 
 
 Otis amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain, and Delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with Otis Board of Directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others, (1) the ability of our remaining directors to fill vacancies on Otis Board of Directors (except in an instance where a director is removed by shareholders and the resulting vacancy is filled by shareholders); (2) limitations on shareholders ability to call a special shareholder meeting; (3) rules regarding how shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings; and (4) the right of Otis Board of Directors to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), which could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control that you may favor. Section 203 provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with persons that acquire, more than 15 of the outstanding voting stock of a Delaware corporation may not engage in a business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which that person or any of its affiliates becomes the holder of more than 15 of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. 
 
 We believe these provisions protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with Otis Board of Directors and by providing Otis Board of Directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make Otis immune from takeovers; however, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that Otis Board of Directors determines is not in the best interests of Otis and our shareholders. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. 
 
 Our amended and restated bylaws designate the state courts within the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could discourage lawsuits against Otis and our directors and officers. 
 
 Otis amended and restated bylaws provide that unless Otis Board of Directors otherwise determines, the state courts within the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of Otis, any action asserting a claim for or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director or officer or other employee of Otis to Otis or its shareholders, including a claim alleging the aiding and abetting of such a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against Otis or any current or former director or officer or other employee of Otis arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, any action asserting a claim relating to or involving Otis governed by the internal affairs doctrine, or any action asserting an internal corporate claim as that term is defined in Section 115 of the DGCL. 
 
 To the fullest extent permitted by law, this exclusive forum provision applies to state and federal law claims, including claims under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), although Otis shareholders will not be deemed to have waived Otis compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with claims subject to exclusive federal jurisdiction, a court could find the exclusive forum provision contained in the amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable. 
 
 This exclusive forum provision may limit the ability of our shareholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such shareholders find favorable for disputes with Otis or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against Otis and our directors and officers. Alternatively, if a court were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

22 

Table o f Content s 

 Risks Related to the Separation 
 
 In connection with the Separation, each of RTX, Otis and Carrier agreed to indemnify the other parties for certain liabilities. If we are required to pay under these indemnities to RTX and/or Carrier, our financial results could be negatively impacted. Also, the RTX or Carrier indemnities may not be sufficient to hold us harmless from the full amount of liabilities for which RTX and Carrier are allocated responsibility, and RTX and/or Carrier may not be able to satisfy their respective indemnification obligations in the future. 
 
 Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, the TMA and the EMA, each party agreed to indemnify the other parties for certain liabilities. Indemnities that we may be required to provide RTX and/or Carrier are not subject to any cap, may be significant and could negatively impact our business. Third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that RTX and/or Carrier has agreed to retain. The indemnities from RTX and Carrier for our benefit may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, and RTX and/or Carrier may not be able to fully satisfy their respective indemnification obligations. Any amounts we are required to pay pursuant to such indemnification obligations and other liabilities could require us to divert cash that would otherwise have been used in furtherance of our operating business. Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from RTX or Carrier, as applicable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 As a result of the Separation, certain members of management, directors and shareholders may own stock in RTX, Otis and Carrier , and as a result may face actual or potential conflicts of interest. 
 
 Management and directors of each of RTX, Otis and Carrier may own common stock in all three companies as a result of the Separation. This ownership overlap could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when the management and directors of one company face decisions that could have different implications for themselves and the other two companies. For example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute regarding the terms of the agreements governing the separation and Otis relationship with RTX and Carrier thereafter. 
 
 If the Separation, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including as a result of subsequent acquisitions of our stock or the stock of RTX, we, as well as RTX, Carrier, and RTX's shareholders, could be subject to significant tax liabilities. In addition, if certain internal restructuring transactions were to fail to qualify as transactions that are generally tax-free for U.S. federal or non-U.S. income tax purposes, we, as well as RTX and Carrier could be subject to significant tax liabilities. In certain circumstances, we could be required to indemnify RTX for material taxes and other related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the TMA. 
 
 In connection with the Separation, our former parent UTC received a ruling from the IRS regarding certain U.S. federal income tax matters relating to the Separation and an opinion of outside counsel regarding the qualification of certain elements of the Separation under Section 355 of the Code. The IRS ruling and the opinion of counsel were based upon and rely on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of UTC (and RTX), Otis and Carrier, including those relating to the past and future conduct of UTC (and RTX), Otis and Carrier. Notwithstanding receipt of the IRS ruling and the opinion of counsel, the IRS could determine that the Separation and/or certain related transactions should be treated as taxable transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings upon which the IRS ruling or the opinion of counsel was based were inaccurate or have not been complied with. In addition, the IRS ruling does not address all of the issues that are relevant to determining whether the Separation, together with certain related transactions, qualifies as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The opinion of counsel represents the judgment of such counsel and is not binding on the IRS or any court, and the IRS or a court may disagree with the conclusions in the opinion of counsel. Accordingly, notwithstanding receipt by UTC of the IRS ruling and the opinion of counsel, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not assert that the Separation and/or certain related transactions did not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. 
 
 If the distribution of Common Stock pursuant to the Separation were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, in general, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, RTX would recognize a taxable gain as if it had sold the Common Stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and RTX shareholders who received Common Stock in the distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares. Even if the distribution of Common Stock pursuant to the Separation 
 
 23 

Table o f Content s 

 were to otherwise qualify as a tax-free transaction under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, it may result in a taxable gain to RTX (but not its shareholders) under Section 355(e) of the Code if the Separation were deemed to be part of a plan (or series of related transactions) pursuant to which one or more persons acquire, directly or indirectly, shares representing a 50 or greater interest (by vote or value) in RTX or Otis. For this purpose, any acquisitions of RTX or Otis shares within the period beginning two years before the distribution of Common Stock pursuant to the Separation and ending two years after such distribution are presumed to be part of such a plan, although RTX or Otis may be able to rebut that presumption (including by qualifying for one or more safe harbors under applicable Treasury Regulations). 
 
 In addition, in connection with and prior to the Separation, UTC and its subsidiaries completed various internal reorganization transactions. With respect to certain transactions undertaken as part of the internal reorganization, UTC obtained tax rulings in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions and/or opinions of external tax advisors, in each case, regarding the tax treatment of such transactions. Such tax rulings and opinions were based upon and relied on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations (including with respect to certain valuation matters relating to the internal reorganization), statements and undertakings of UTC (and RTX), Otis, Carrier or their respective subsidiaries. If any of these representations or statements were, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, or if RTX, Otis, Carrier or any of their respective subsidiaries do not fulfill or otherwise comply with any such undertakings or covenants, such tax rulings and/or opinions may be invalid or the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized. Further, notwithstanding receipt of any such tax rulings and/or opinions, there can be no assurance that the relevant taxing authorities will not assert that the tax treatment of the relevant transactions differs from the conclusions reached in the relevant tax rulings and/or opinions. In the event the relevant taxing authorities prevail with any challenge in respect of any relevant transaction, we, as well as RTX and Carrier could be subject to significant tax liabilities. 
 
 Under the TMA, Otis generally is required to indemnify RTX and Carrier for any taxes resulting from the Separation and certain related transactions (and any related costs and other damages) to the extent such amounts resulted from (1) an acquisition of all or a portion of the equity securities or assets of Otis, whether by merger or otherwise (and regardless of whether we participated in or otherwise facilitated the acquisition), (2) other actions or failures to act by Otis or (3) certain of Otis representations, covenants or undertakings contained in any of the Separation-related agreements and documents or in any documents relating to the IRS ruling and/or the opinion of counsel being incorrect or violated. Further, under the TMA, we generally are required to indemnify RTX and Carrier for a specified portion of any taxes (and any related costs and other damages) (a) arising as a result of the failure of the Separation and certain related transactions to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free (including as a result of Section 355(e) of the Code) or a failure of any internal separation transaction that is intended to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free to so qualify, in each case, to the extent such amounts do not result from a disqualifying action by, or acquisition of equity securities of, Otis, Carrier or RTX or (b) arising from an adjustment, pursuant to an audit or other tax proceeding, with respect to any transaction undertaken in connection with the Separation that is not intended to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free. Any such indemnity obligations could be material. 
 
 Potential liabilities may arise due to fraudulent transfer considerations, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In connection with the Separation, our former parent UTC undertook several corporate reorganization transactions involving its subsidiaries, which, including the Separation of Otis, may be subject to various fraudulent conveyance and transfer laws. If, under these laws, a court were to determine that, at the time of the Separation, any entity involved in these reorganization transactions or the Separation: (1) was insolvent, was rendered insolvent by reason of the separation, or had remaining assets constituting unreasonably small capital, and (2) received less than fair consideration in connection with the reorganization; or intended to incur, or believed it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay these debts as they matured, then the court could void the Separation, in whole or in part, as a fraudulent conveyance or transfer. The court could then require our shareholders to return to RTX some or all of the shares of the Common Stock issued in the distribution, or require RTX or Otis, as the case may be, to fund liabilities of the other company for the benefit of creditors. The measure of insolvency would vary depending upon the jurisdiction and the applicable law. Generally, however, an entity would be considered insolvent if the fair value of its assets was less than the amount of its liabilities (including the probable amount of contingent liabilities), or if it incurred debt beyond its ability to repay the debt as it matures. No assurance can be given as to what standard a court would apply to determine insolvency or that a court would determine that Otis or any of its subsidiaries were solvent at the time of or after giving effect to the distribution. 

24 

Table o f Content s 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We have a direct physical presence in approximately 80 countries with an overall property portfolio comprising approximately 15 million square feet of space. We have approximately 2,300 facilities, of which approximately 46 , 41 and 13 of which are located in EMEA, Asia and the Americas, respectively. We operate over 1,400 branches and offices, 11 R D centers a nd 17 manufac turing facilities globally. Our principal manufacturing facilities are located across Brazil, China, Japan, France, India, Korea, Spain, and the United States, of which 10 a re owned. Our principal R D centers are located in China, the United States, India, France, Germany, Japan and Spain. Our branches and R D centers typically support both our New Equipment and Service segments. 
 
 Our fixed assets as of December 31, 2022 include manufacturing facilities and non-manufacturing facilities, such as warehouses, and a substantial quantity of machinery and equipment, most of which are general purpose machinery and equipment using special jigs, tools and fixtures and in many instances having automatic control features and special adaptations. The facilities, warehouses, machinery and equipment in use as of December 31, 2022 are substantially in good operating condition. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 For a discussion regarding material legal proceedings, see "Note 22, Contingent Liabilities" to the Consolidated Financial Statements within Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 25 

Table o f Content s 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "OTIS". There were approxim ately 21,100 registered shareholders as of January 20, 2023. The information required by Item 5 with respect to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to Part III, Item 12 in this Form 10-K . 

Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following table and graph illustrate the total return from April 3, 2020 (date of Separation) through December 31, 2022, fo r (1) our Common Stock, (2) the Standard and Poor's (the "S P") 500 Index, and (3) the S P 500 Industrials Sector Index. The graph and table assume that 100.00 was invested on April 3, 2020 in each of our Common Stock, the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Industrials Sector Index, and that any dividends were reinvested. The comparison reflected in the graph and the table are not intended to forecast the future performance of our Common Stock and may not be indicative of our future performance. 
 
 Comparison of Cumulative Total Return Table 
 
 April 3, 2020 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Otis 100 144 188 172 S P 500 Index 100 153 197 161 S P 500 Industrials Sector Index 100 160 193 183 

Comparison of Cumulative Total Return Graph 

26 

Table o f Content s 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table provides information about our purchases during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 of equity securities that are registered by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 2022 Total Number of Shares Purchased (thousands) Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program (thousands) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (dollars in millions) October 1 October 31 500 November 1 November 30 2,006 74.79 2,006 350 December 1 December 31 2,000 Total 2,006 74.79 2,006 
 
 (1) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. 
 
 On December 1, 2022, our Board of Directors revoked any remaining share repurchase authority under the prior share repurchase program and approved a new share repurchase program for up to 2.0 billion of Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under this current program was 2.0 billion. Under this program, shares may be purchased on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, under accelerated share repurchase programs or under plans complying with rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Exchange Act. 
 
 27 

Table o f Content s 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 We are the world s leading elevator and escalator manufacturing, installation and service company. Our Company is organized into two segments, New Equipment and Service. Through our New Equipment segment, we design, manufacture, sell and install a wide range of passenger and freight elevators, as well as escalators and moving walkways for residential and commercial buildings and infrastructure projects. Our New Equipment customers include real-estate and building developers and general contractors who develop and/or design buildings for residential, commercial, retail or mixed-use activity. We sell our New Equipment directly to customers, as well as through agents and distributors. 
 
 Through our Service segment, we perform maintenance and repair services for both our own products and those of other manufacturers and provide modernization services to upgrade elevators and escalators. Maintenance services include inspections to ensure code compliance, preventive maintenance offerings and other customized maintenance offerings tailored to meet customer needs, as well as repair services to address equipment and component wear and tear and breakdowns. Modernization services enhance equipment operation and improve building functionality. Modernization offerings can range from relatively simple upgrades of interior finishes and aesthetics to complex upgrades of larger components and sub-systems. Our typical Service customers include building owners, facility managers, housing associations and government agencies that operate buildings where elevators and escalators are installed. 
 
 We function under a centralized operating model whereby we pursue a global strategy set around New Equipment and Service, in large measure, because we seek to grow our maintenance portfolio, in part, through the conversion of new elevator and escalator installations into service contracts. Accordingly, we benefit from an integrated global strategy, which sets priorities and establishes accountability across the full product lifecycle. 
 
 For additional discussion of our business, refer to Item 1 in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Sale of Russia business and risks associated with ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine 
 
 The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has resulted in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty, including volatile commodity markets, foreign exchange fluctuations, supply chain disruptions, increased risk of cyber incidents, reputational risk, increased operating costs (including fuel and other input costs), environmental, health and safety risks related to securing and maintaining facilities, additional sanctions and other regulations (including restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from Russia). 
 
 To the extent possible, we continue to operate our business in Ukraine, which represented less than 1 of our 2022, 2021 and 2020 revenue and operating profit. 
 
 As previously disclosed, we stopped taking new equipment orders in Russia and making new investments in the country in March 2022, while reassessing our operations in the country, which represented approximately 1 and 2 of both our revenue and operating profit in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The operations were comprised mostly of New Equipment. In June 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our business in Russia to a third party, resulting in classification of the business' assets and liabilities as held for sale as of June 30, 2022 and recording an impairment loss of 18 million. On July 27, 2022, we completed the sale of our business in Russia to the third party. We recorded losses from the sale and conflict-related charges totaling 28 million (including the impairment loss of 18 million), primarily in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in 2022. See Note 9, "Business Acquisitions, Dispositions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets" for further details. 
 
 Consistent with our risk management process, the Otis Board of Directors and its Audit Committee received numerous updates on the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and have reviewed, and continue to review, with management the financial, operational, compliance, reputational and cyber risks associated therewith and related mitigation actions. The Otis Board of Directors oversaw the process of selling our business in Russia, including reviewing the terms and conditions thereof, and the Audit Committee approved the sale. The Otis Board of Directors continued to receive updates on the sale process until the completion of the sale. 
 
 See Item 1A in this Form 10-K for risks associated with ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. 
 
 28 

Table o f Content s 

Zardoya Otis Tender Offer 
 
 As previously disclosed, the Company announced the Tender Offer to acquire all issued and outstanding shares of Zardoya Otis not owned by Otis, at an offer price of 7.07 per share in cash, after adjusting for dividends. The results of the Tender Offer were announced on April 7, 2022, with tenders of 45.49 of the shares outstanding accepted. The shares tendered to the Company were settled in cash on April 12, 2022 for approximately 1.5 billion from the Company's restricted cash held in escrow, resulting in the Company owning 95.51 of Zardoya Otis. The acquisition and settlement of the remaining issued and outstanding shares not owned by the Company for approximately 150 million (based on the adjusted tender price of 7.07 per share) and the automatic delisting of Zardoya Otis shares both occurred during the second quarter of 2022. Zardoya Otis was renamed Otis Mobility upon completion of the Tender Offer and delisting. 
 
 See Note 1, "Business Overview" and Note 10, "Borrowings and Lines of Credit" to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 in this Form 10-K for further details regarding this transaction and financing arrangements entered into in connection with the Tender Offer. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") 
 
 There have been no, and we do not expect there to be in the near term, material impacts on our business, financial condition or results of operations as a result of compliance with legislation or regulatory rules regarding climate change, from the known physical eff ects of climate change or as a result of implementing our ESG initiatives. Increased regulation (including pending SEC and European Union requirements) and other climate change concerns, however, could subject us to additional costs and restrictions, and we are not able to predict how su ch regulations or concerns would affect our business, operations or financial results. For a discussion of risks associated with ESG matters, see Item 1A in this Form 10-K. 
 
 For a discussion of Otis ESG goals, see the discussion under Environmental, Social and Governance ESG in Item 1 in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Impact of COVID-19 on Our Company 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted, and continues to impact, aspects of the Company's operations and overall financial performance. COVID-19 related trends impacting our business, customers and suppliers have had, and could continue to have, an impact on our business, including impacts to overall financial performance in 2023, as a result of the following, among other things: 
 
 Supplier and raw material capacity constraints, delays and related costs; 
 Customer demand impacting our new equipment, maintenance and repair, and modernization businesses; 
 Customer liquidity constraints and related credit reserves; and 
 Cancellations or delays of customer orders. 
 
 We currently do not expect any significant impact to our capital and financial resources from the COVID-19 pandemic, including our overall liquidity position based on our available cash and cash equivalents and our access to credit facilities and the capital markets. 
 
 See the "Liquidity and Financial Condition" section of this item of this Form 10-K for further detail and Item 1A in this Form 10-K for additional risks related to COVID-19. 
 
 Separation from United Technologies Corporation 
 
 As previously disclosed, on April 3, 2020, Otis became an independent, publicly-traded company and its Common Stock is listed under the symbol "OTIS" on the New York Stock Exchange as a result of the separation (the "Separation") of each of Otis and Carrier Global Corporation ("Carrier") from United Technologies Corporation, subsequently renamed Raytheon Technologies Corporation ("UTC" or "RTX", as applicable). 
 
 Prior to the Separation on April 3, 2020, our historical financial statements were prepared on a standalone combined basis and were derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of our former parent, UTC. For the periods subsequent to April 3, 2020, our financial statements are presented on a consolidated basis as the Company became a standalone public company. 
 
 29 

Table o f Content s 

We entered into a transition services agreement (the "TSA") and tax matters agreement (the "TMA") with our former parent, UTC, and Carrier on April 2, 2020. Under the TSA, we received services for information technology, technical and engineering support, application support for operations, general administrative services and other support services. The TSA and the related trailing exit costs were substantially completed as of December 31, 2021. For additional discussion, see "Note 5: Related Parties" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K. 
 
 The TMA governs the parties respective rights, responsibilities and obligations with respect to tax matters (including responsibility for taxes, entitlement to refunds, allocation of tax attributes, preparation of tax returns, control of tax contests and other tax matters). For additional discussion, see "Note 5: Related Parties" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K. 
 
 See Item 1A in this Form 10-K for discussion on risks related to Separation. 

As a result of our business in Russia being sold during 2022, the results of the operations in Russia are excluded from the organic volume changes for 2022 and 2021 and are reflected in Acquisitions and divestitures, net. See Note 9, "Business Acquisitions, Dispositions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets" to the Consolidated Financial Statements, for further details. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 13,685 14,298 12,756 Percentage change year-over-year (4.3) 12.1 (2.8) 
 
 The factors contributing to the total percentage change year-over-year in total Net sales are as follows: 
 
 2022 2021 Organic volume 2.5 9.0 Foreign currency translation (5.9) 3.0 Acquisitions and divestitures, net (0.9) 0.1 Total change (4.3) 12.1 
 
 The Organic volume increase of 2.5 for 2022 was driven by an increase of 6.0 in Service, offset by a decrease of (1.7) in New Equipment. 
 
 The Organic volume increase of 9.0 for 2021 was driven by increases of 15.8 in New Equipment and 4.1 in Service. 
 
 See "Segment Review" below for a discussion of Net sales by segment. 

30 

Table o f Content s 

 Cost of Products and Services Sold 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cost of products and services sold 9,765 10,105 8,977 Percentage change year-over-year (3.4) 12.6 (3.4) 
 
 The factors contributing to the percentage change year-over-year in total cost of products and services sold are as follows: 
 
 2022 2021 Organic volume 3.7 9.1 Foreign currency translation (6.1) 3.3 Acquisitions and divestitures, net (1.0) 0.2 Total change (3.4) 12.6 
 
 The organic increase in total cost of products and services sold in 2022 was driven primarily by the organic sales increases noted above and inflationary pressures including higher commodity prices of 107 million, primarily driven by steel, higher freight and fuel costs and annual wage increases, partially mitigated by productivity. 
 
 The organic increase in total cost of products and services s old in 2021 was driven primarily by the organic sales increases noted above. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Gross margin 3,920 4,193 3,779 Gross margin percentage 28.6 29.3 29.6 
 
 Gross margin decreased 70 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, due to the inflationary pressures described above, partially offset by favorable Service pricing, productivity and the benefit from Service sales growing faster than New Equipment sales. 
 
 Gross margin decrease d 30 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020 , as improvements in gross margin in both New Equipment and Service were more than offset by overall segment mix. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Research and development 150 159 152 Percentage of Net sales 1.1 1.1 1.2 
 
 Research and development was relatively flat in 2022 compared to 2021 and 2020. Research and development includes product development and innovation, including for IoT and developing the next generation of connected elevators and escalators. 

31 

Table o f Content s 

 Selling, General and Administrative 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Selling, general and administrative 1,763 1,948 1,924 Percentage of Net sales 12.9 13.6 15.1 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 185 million in 2022 compared to 2021, as other employment related cost reductions, cost containment actions, lower credit loss reserves, as well as the impact from foreign exchange of 104 million, were partially offset by annual wage increases. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 24 million in 2021 compared to 2020, as higher employment and information technology costs, including incremental standalone public company costs, and the absence of cost containment actions taken during 2020 in response to COVID-19, as well as the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange of 38 million compared to 2020. These increases were partially offset by lower non-recurring Separation-related costs and the absence of UTC allocations of 105 million. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of Net sales decreased 70 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, and decreased 150 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020. 
 
 Restructuring Costs 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Restructuring costs 60 56 77 
 
 We initiate restructuring actions to keep our cost structure competitive. Charges generally arise from severance related to workforce reductions, an d to a lesser degree, facility exit and lease termination costs associated with the consolidation of office and manufacturing operations. We continue to closely monitor the economic environment and may undertake further restructuring actions to keep our cost structure aligned with the demands of the prevailing market conditions. 
 
 Most of the expected charges will require cash payments, which we have funded and expect to continue to fund with cash generated from operations. 
 
 The table below presents approximate cash outflows related to the restructuring actions during the year ended December 31, 2022, and the expected cash payments to complete the actions announced: 
 
 (dollars in millions) Cash outflows during the year ended December 31, 2022 
 59 Expected cash payments remaining to complete actions announced 
 49 
 
 We generally expect to achieve annual recurring savings within the two-year period subsequent to initiating the actions, including 67 million for the 2022 actions and 37 million for the 2021 actions, of which approximately 68 million was realized for the 2022 and 2021 actions during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 For additional discussion of restructuring, see Note 17, "Restructuring Costs" in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

32 

Table o f Content s 

 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Other income (expense), net 26 22 (64) 
 
 Other income (expense), net primarily includes the impact of changes in the fair value and settlement of derivatives, gains or losses on sale of businesses and fixed assets, earnings from equity method investments, fair value changes on equity securities, impairments, non-recurring Separation-related expenses and certain other operating items. 
 
 The change in Other income (expense), net of 4 million in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by favorable foreign currency mark-to-market adjustments, lower non-recurring Separation-related costs and settlement of certain legal matters, partially offset by the impact of the loss on the sale of our Russia business. 
 
 The change in Other income (expense), net of 86 million in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily driven by the absence of a fixed asset impairment of (71) million and related licensing costs of (14) million recognized during 2020. 
 
 See "Note 5: Related Parties" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K for further discussion on costs related to the Separation. 
 
 Interest Expense (Income), Net 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Interest expense (income), net 143 136 122 
 
 Interest expens e (income), net primarily relates to interest expense on our external debt, offset by interest income earned on cash balances and short-term investments. 
 
 The increase in Interest expense (income), net of 7 million in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by interest expense related to the financing of the Tender Offer for Zardoya Otis. 
 
 The increase in Interest expense (income), net o f 14 million in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily driven by interest expense on the external debt associated with the Separation, which was not outstanding for the full year of 2020, as well as costs associated with the bridge financing and related guarantees and the interest expense related to the Tender Offer. This was partially offset by lower interest expense as a result of the debt refinancing and debt repayments during 2021 . For additional discussion of debt refinancing and repayments, see the "Liquidity and Financial Condition" section below. 
 
 The average interest rate on our external debt for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 2.0 , 2.3 and 2.3 , respectively. 
 
 For additional discussion of borrowings, see "Note 10: Borrowings and Lines of Credit" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Effective tax rate 27.5 27.6 30.1 
 
 The 2022, 2021 and 2020 effective tax rates are higher than the statutory U.S. rate primarily due to higher international tax rates as co mpared to the lower U.S. federal statutory rate. In addition, the 2020 effective tax rate is also higher due to foreign earnings subject to U.S. tax under the provisions of the TCJA. 
 
 The 2022 effective tax rate is lower than the 2021 effective tax rate primarily due to the elimination of Base Erosion Anti Abuse Tax ("BEAT") in the U.S., and the release of a tax reserve related to a forward transfer pricing agreement with a European tax authority. This is partially offset by the absence of a reduction in the deferred tax liability related to repatriation of foreign earnings recorded in the year ended December 31, 2021, and the absence of a favorable income tax settlement related to the Separation recorded in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

33 

Table o f Content s 

 The 2021 effective tax rate is lower than the 2020 effective tax rate primarily due to a 16 million tax benefit related to the repatriation of foreign earnings as a result of changes to planned debt repayments and in estimates related to Otis pre-Separation tax attributes and a decrease of 16 million in U.S. tax related to base erosion and anti-abuse tax in 2021. In addition, the lower effective tax rate is due to the absence of the tax cost resulting from Separation-related expenses and fixed asset impairment in 2020, and the net impact of income tax settlements related to the Separation, as discussed in Note 5, "Related Parties". 
 
 For additional discussion of income taxes and the effective income tax rate, see "Note 16: Income Taxes" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interest in Subsidiaries' Earnings and Net Income Attributable to Otis Worldwide Corporation 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries' earnings 116 174 150 Net income attributable to Otis Worldwide Corporation 1,253 1,246 906 
 
 Noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries' earnings decreased in 2022 in comparison to 2021 primarily due to Otis' acquisition of the remaining outstanding shares in Otis Mobility (previously Zardoya Otis) in the second quarter of 2022. For details on the results of the Tender Offer and purchases of shares of Zardoya Otis not previously owned by the Company "Note 1: Business Overview" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries' earnings increased in 2021 in comparison to 2020 primarily driven by an increase in net income from non-wholly owned subsidiaries and the impact of foreign exchange rates. 
 
 Net income attributable to Otis Worldwide Corporation was relatively flat in 2022 compared to 2021 , as lower noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries earnings and the benefit of a lower effective tax rate were offset by lower operating profit (including the impact of foreign exchange rates) and higher interest expense. 
 
 Net income attributable to Otis Worldwide Corporation increased in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily driven by higher operating profit and the benefit of a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by higher noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries' earnings and higher interest expense. 

34 

Table o f Content s 

 Segment Review 
 
 Summary performance for our operating segments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 
 
 Net Sales Operating Profit Operating Profit Margin (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 New Equipment 5,864 6,428 5,371 358 459 318 6.1 7.1 5.9 Service 7,821 7,870 7,385 1,789 1,762 1,611 22.9 22.4 21.8 Total segment 13,685 14,298 12,756 2,147 2,221 1,929 15.7 15.5 15.1 General corporate expenses and other (114) (113) (290) Total 13,685 14,298 12,756 2,033 2,108 1,639 14.9 14.7 12.8 

New Equipment 
 
 The New Equipment segment designs, manufactures, sells and installs a wide range of passenger and freight elevators, as well as escalators and moving walkways in residential and commercial buildings and infrastructure projects. Our New Equipment customers include real-estate and building developers and general contracto rs who develop and/or design buildings for residential, commercial, retail or mixed-use activity. We sell directly to customers as well as through agents and distributors. We also sell New Equipment to government agencies to support infrastructure projects, such as airports, railways or metros. 
 
 Summary performance for New Equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 
 
 Total Increase (Decrease) Year-Over-Year for: (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 compared with 2021 2021 compared with 2020 Net sales 5,864 6,428 5,371 (564) (8.8) 1,057 19.7 Cost of sales 4,949 5,293 4,439 (344) (6.5) 854 19.2 915 1,135 932 (220) (19.4) 203 21.8 Operating expenses 557 676 614 (119) (17.6) 62 10.1 Operating profit 358 459 318 (101) (22.0) 141 44.3 Operating profit margin 6.1 7.1 5.9 
 
 Summary analysis of the Net sales change for New Equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 compared with the prior years was as follows: 
 
 Components of Net sales change: 2022 2021 Organic (1.7) 15.8 Foreign currency translation (4.9) 4.1 Acquisitions/Divestitures, net and Other (2.2) (0.2) Total change (8.8) 19.7 
 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 
 Organic sales declined (1.7) as a 10 decline in China was partially offset by high single digit growth in Asia Pacific and mid single digit growth in EMEA. 
 
 New Equipment operating profit decreased (101) million. Lower volume of (37) million, under absorption from lower volume, unfavorable mix, higher commodity costs of 107) million, primarily steel, and increased freight costs were partially mitigated by favorable productivity and lower selling, general and administrative expenses. Operating profit was also impacted by the sale of our Russia business of (40) million. Operating margin decreased 100 basis points. 

35 

Table o f Content s 

 2021 Compared with 2020 
 
 The organic sales increase of 15.8 was driven by mid-teens growth in the Americas, high teens growth in Asia and high single digit growth in EMEA. 
 
 New Equipment operating profit increased 141 million, primarily due to higher volume of 140 million, with an operating margin increase of 120 basis points. Favorable field installation and material productivity was partially offset by unfavorable price and mix and commodity headwinds. Foreign currency tailwinds of 30 million were more than offset by higher selling, general and administrative costs of 40 million. 

Service 
 
 The Service segment performs maintenance and repair services for both our products and those of other manufacturers and provides modernization services to upgrade elevators and escalators. Maintenance services include inspections to ensure code compliance, preventive maintenance offerings and other customized maintenance offerings tailored to meet customer needs, as well as repair services that address equipment and component wear and tear, and breakdowns. Modernization services enhance equipment operation and improve building functionality. Modernization offerings can range from relatively simple upgrades of interior finishes and aesthetics, to complex upgrades of larger components and sub-systems. Our typical Service customers include building owners, facility managers, housing associations and government agencies that operate buildings where elevators and escalators are installed. 
 
 Summary performance for Service for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 
 
 Total Increase (Decrease) Year-Over-Year for: (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 compared with 2021 2021 compared with 2020 Net sales 7,821 7,870 7,385 (49) (0.6) 485 6.6 Cost of sales 4,816 4,812 4,538 4 0.1 274 6.0 3,005 3,058 2,847 (53) (1.7) 211 7.4 Operating expenses 1,216 1,296 1,236 (80) (6.2) 60 4.9 Operating profit 1,789 1,762 1,611 27 1.5 151 9.4 Operating profit margin 22.9 22.4 21.8 
 
 Summary analysis of the Net sales change for Service f or the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 compared with the prior years was as follows: 
 
 Components of Net sales change: 2022 2021 Organic 6.0 4.1 Foreign currency translation (6.7) 2.2 Acquisitions/Divestitures, net and Other 0.1 0.3 Total change (0.6) 6.6 

36 

Table o f Content s 

 2022 Compared with 2021 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 The organic sales increase of 6.0 is due to organic sales increases in maintenance and repair of 5.6 and modernization of 8.1 . 
 
 Components of Net sales change: Maintenance and Repair Modernization Organic 5.6 8.1 Foreign currency translation (6.8) (6.5) Acquisitions/Divestitures, net and Other 0.5 Total change (1.2) 2.1 
 
 Operating profit 
 
 Service operating profit increased 27 million due to higher volume of 144 million, favorable pricing on maintenance contracts, productivity and other employment related cost reductions, partially offset by foreign exchange headwinds of (143) million, annual wage increases and other inflationary pressures, including higher fuel costs. Operating margin increased 50 basis points. 
 
 2021 Compared with 2020 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 The organic sales increase of 4.1 is due to organic sales increases in maintenance and repair of 4.4 , and modernization of 2.5 . 
 
 Components of Net sales change: Maintenance and Repair Modernization Organic 4.4 2.5 Foreign currency translation 2.2 1.9 Acquisitions/Divestitures, net and Other 0.4 0.1 Total change 7.0 4.5 
 
 Operating Profit 
 
 Service operating profit increased 151 million, primarily due to higher volume of 120 million, with an operating margin increase of 60 basis points. Favorable pricing and mix and lower bad debt expense were partially offset by the absence of the benefit from prior year field actions taken in response to COVID-19. Foreign exchange tailwinds of 35 million and lower restructuring expense of 15 million were more than offset by higher selling general and administrative costs of 60 million, including the impact from cost containment actions taken in the prior year. 

General Corporate Expenses and Other 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 General corporate expenses and other (114) (113) (290) 
 
 General corporate expenses and other increased 1 million in 2022 compared to 2021, which includes the impact of the loss on the sale of our Russia business, offset by favorable foreign currency mark-to-market adjustments and lower non-recurring Separation-related costs. 

37 

Table o f Content s 

 General corporate expenses and other decreased (177) million in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the absence of a fixed asset impairment of (71) million and related licensing costs of (14) million recognized in 2020, as well as lower non-recurring Separation costs and the absence of UTC allocations of (108) million. 

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 (dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 1,189 1,565 Total debt 6,768 7,273 Net debt (total debt less cash and cash equivalents) 5,579 5,708 Total equity 1 
 (4,799) (3,144) Total capitalization (total debt plus total equity) 1,969 4,129 Net capitalization (total debt plus total equity less cash and cash equivalents) 780 2,564 Total debt to total capitalization 1 
 344 176 Net debt to net capitalization 1 
 715 223 
 
 1 Our total debt to total capitalization ratio and net debt to net capitalization ratio increased in 2022 due to the 1.5 billion reduction in equity as a result of the Tender Offer. For more information on the impact of the Zardoya Otis noncontrolling interest reclassification, see "Note 1: Business Overview" in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 1.2 billion, of which approximately 98 was held by the Company's foreign subsidiaries. We manage our worldwide cash requirements by reviewing available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost-effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. On occasion, we are required to maintain cash deposits with certain banks with respect to contractual obligations related to acquisitions and divestitures or other legal obligations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of such restricted cash was approximately 6 million and 1.9 billion, respectively, including cash held in escrow to fund the Tender Offer as of December 31, 2021. For information on the results of the Tender Offer and use of the cash held in escrow for the Tender Offer, see "Note 1: Business Overview" in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 From time-to-time we may need to access the capital markets to obtain financing. We may incur indebtedness or issue equity as needed. Although we believe that the arrangements in place as of December 31, 2022 permit us to finance our operations on acceptable terms and conditions, our access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future could be impacted by many factors, including (1) our credit ratings or absence of a credit rating, (2) the liquidity of the overall capital markets and (3) the current state of the economy. There can be no assurance that we will continue to have access to the capital markets on terms acceptable to us. 
 
 There was no long-term debt issued in 2022. The following is a summary of the long-term debt issuances in 2021: 
 
 (dollars in millions) Issuance Date Description of Debt Aggregate Principal Balance November 12, 2021 0.000 notes due 2023 500 million principal value) 
 572 November 12, 2021 0.318 notes due 2026 600 million principal value) 
 687 November 12, 2021 0.934 notes due 2031 500 million principal value) 
 572 March 11, 2021 0.37 notes due 2026 21,500 million principal value) 
 199 
 
 The proceeds from the March 2021 issuance of Japanese Yen notes listed above were used to repay a portion of our outstanding Euro denominated commercial paper. The proceeds from the November 2021 issuance of the Euro notes listed above were used to fund the Tender Offer in 2022. 
 
 The Company redeemed the 500 million floating notes originally due in 2023 during 2022. There was no long-term debt repayments in 2021. For additional discussion of borrowings, see "Note: Borrowings and Lines of Credit" in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 38 

Table o f Content s 

The Company does not intend to reinvest certain undistributed earnings of our international subsidiaries that have been previously taxed in the U.S. For the remainder of the Company s undistributed international earnings, unless tax effective to repatriate, we will continue to permanently reinvest these earnings. 
 
 We expect to fund our ongoing operating, investing and financing requirements mainly through cash flows from operations, available liquidity through cash on hand and available bank lines of credit and access to the capital markets. 
 
 On December 1, 2022, our Board of Directors revoked any remaining share repurchase authority under the prior share repurchase program and approved a new share repurchase program for up to 2.0 billion of Common Stock, of which none had been utilized as of December 31, 2022. Under this program, shares may be purchased on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, under accelerated share repurchase programs or under plans complying with rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Cash Flow Operating Activities 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash flows provided by operating activities 1,560 1,750 1,480 
 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 
 Cash generated from operating activities in 2022 was 190 million lower than in 2021, primarily due to lower cash flow related to current assets and current liabilities activity of 256 million, as described below. These were partially offset by 66 million of higher non-cash adjustments from Net income and 48 million of higher Other operating activities, net, primarily due to long-term accruals and other activities in 2022. 
 
 2022 Changes in Working Capital 
 
 Cash outflows related to current assets and current liabilities operating activity were 96 million, including the following main drivers: 
 
 Accounts receivable, net, which increased by 309 million, due to the increased volume and timing of billings; 
 
 Accrued liabilities, which decreased by 84 million, primarily due to the timing of payments of income taxes, employee-related benefits and other accruals; and 
 
 Inventories, which increased by 65 million, primarily to support backlog conversion and to mitigate supply chain disruptions, which were partially offset by 
 
 Accounts payable, which increased by 272 million, primarily due to the timing of payments to suppliers; and 
 
 Contract assets, current and Contract liabilities, current, net change of 38 million, driven by the timing of billings on contracts compared to the progression on current contracts. 
 
 2021 Compared with 2020 
 
 Cash generated from operating activities in 2021 was 270 million higher than in 2020, primarily due to higher net income of 364 million and increased cash inflows related to current assets and current liabilities of 83 million, as described below. These were partially offset by 98 million of lower non-cash adjustments from Net income, including the absence of fixed asset impairments of 71 million in 2020, as well as 106 million of lower Other operating activities, net, primarily due to long-term accruals in 2020. 

39 

Table o f Content s 

 2021 Changes in Working Capital 
 
 The 2021 cash inflows related to current assets and current liabilities operating activity were 160 million, including the following main drivers: 
 
 Accounts payable, which increased by 130 million, primarily due to increased volume; 
 
 Accrued liabilities, which increased by 72 million, primarily due to the timing of payments, which more than offset the payments of 56 million in foreign tax obligations pursuant to the TMA and income tax liabilities in certain jurisdictions; 
 
 Contract assets, current and Contract liabilities, current, net change of 53 million, driven by the timing of billings on contracts compared to the progression on current contracts; and 
 
 Other current assets, which decreased by 43 million, primarily due to prepaid income tax utilization and indemnification payments received pursuant to the TMA in order to pay foreign tax obligations, partially offset by advanced payments to suppliers; partially offset by 
 
 Accounts receivable, net, which increased by 152 million, primarily due to increased volume. 

Cash Flow Investing Activities 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities (33) (89) (353) 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities primarily reflect capital expenditures, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses and securities, proceeds received on the sale of fixed assets, and settlement of derivative contracts. 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Change Investing Activities: Capital expenditures (115) (156) 41 Acquisitions of businesses and intangible assets, net of cash (46) (80) 34 Dispositions of businesses, net of cash 61 61 Proceeds from sale of (investments in) marketable securities (7) 40 (47) Receipts (payments) on settlements of derivative contracts 65 73 (8) Other investing activities, net 9 34 (25) Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities (33) (89) 56 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 decreased 56 million, including the following drivers: 
 
 61 million of net proceeds from the sale of our business in Russia during 2022; and 
 
 41 million lower capital expenditures and 34 million lower investments in businesses and intangible assets in 2022 compared to 2021; partially offset by 
 
 47 million less cash from marketable securities, including 58 million of proceeds from the sale of equity securities in 2021. 
 
 As discussed in "Note 18: Financial Instruments" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K, we enter into derivative instruments for risk management purposes. We operate internationally and, in the normal course of business, are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and commodity prices. These fluctuations can increase the costs of financing, investing and 
 
 40 

Table o f Content s 

 operating the business. We use derivative instruments, including forward contracts and options, to manage certain foreign currency and commodity price exposures. 
 
 See "Note 9: Business Acquisitions, Dispositions, Goodwill and Intangibles" in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further details regarding the sale of our business in Russia. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2021 2020 Change Investing Activities: Capital expenditures (156) (183) 27 Acquisitions of businesses and intangible assets, net of cash (80) (53) (27) Proceeds from sale of (investments in) marketable securities 40 (51) 91 Receipts (payments) on settlements of derivative contracts 73 (69) 142 Other investing activities, net 34 3 31 Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities (89) (353) 264 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities in 2021 compared to 2020 decreased 264 million, including the following drivers: 
 
 142 million higher net cash from the settlement of derivative instruments in 2021, with net cash receipts of 73 million and payments of 69 million in 2021 and 2020 , respectively; 
 
 91 million higher net cash from equity securities, including 58 million of proceeds from the sale of equity securities in 2021, compared to (51) million of investments made in equity securities in 2020 ; and 
 
 31 million higher Other investing activities, net primarily due to property damage insurance proceeds received and discussed below under "Germany Fire", as well as proceeds from the sales of fixed assets. 
 
 Germany Fire 
 
 As previously disclosed, during 2020 there was a fire at the Company s manufacturing facility in Germany. During 2021, the Company settled the related property damage claim with the insurance company, as reflected in Other investing activities, net in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. During 2021, the Company also reached a final agreement with the insurance company related to the business interruption claim to cover costs incurred as a result of the fire and received the final payments during the year. The impact to our operations or financial results from this event was not material. 

41 

Table o f Content s 

 Cash Flow Financing Activities 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities (3,652) 58 (844) 
 
 Financing activities primarily include increases or decreases to short-term borrowings, issuance or repayment of long-term debt, dividends paid to common shareholders, repurchases of Common Stock and dividends or other payments to non-controlling interests. The activity in 2020 includes transfers to and from our former parent, UTC, prior to the Separation, consisting of, among other things, cash transfers, distributions, cash investments and changes in receivables and payables. For further discussion on these transfers, see "Note 5: Related Parties" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K. 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Change Financing Activities: Increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings, net 113 (655) 768 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 2,030 (2,030) Payment of debt issuance costs (25) 25 Repayment of long-term debt (500) (500) Dividends paid on Common Stock (465) (393) (72) Repurchases of Common Stock (850) (725) (125) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest (118) (155) 37 Acquisition of Zardoya Otis shares (1,802) (1,802) Other financing activities, net (30) (19) (11) Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities (3,652) 58 (3,710) 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 3.7 billion in 2022 compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 58 million in 2021, which changed primarily due to the following: 
 
 The settlement in cash of the Tender Offer for 1,802 million 1,663 million) during 2022; 
 
 Net repayments on borrowings of 387 million during 2022 compared to net borrowings of 1.4 billion during 2021; and 
 
 125 million higher repurchases of Common Stock and 72 million higher dividends paid on Common Stock during 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 For additional discussion of borrowings activity, see "Note 10: Borrowings and Lines of Credit" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K. 

42 

Table o f Content s 

 2021 compared to 2020 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2021 2020 Change Financing Activities: Increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings, net (655) 647 (1,302) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 2,030 6,300 (4,270) Payment of debt issuance costs (25) (43) 18 Repayment of long-term debt (1,000) 1,000 Dividends paid on Common Stock (393) (260) (133) Repurchases of Common Stock (725) (725) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest (155) (149) (6) Net transfers to UTC (6,330) 6,330 Other financing activities, net (19) (9) (10) Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 58 (844) 902 

Net c ash provided by financing activities was 58 million in 2021 compared to net cash used by financing activities of 844 million in 2020, which changed primarily due to the following: 
 
 Net borrowings of 1.4 billion during 2021 compared to net repayments on borrowings of 353 million during 2020 . These were comprised of the following activities: 
 
 Net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt of 2.0 billion, partially offset by net repayments of short-term borrowings of 655 million during 2021; and 
 
 Repayments of long-term debt of 1.0 billion, partially offset by net short-term borrowings of 647 million during 2020 . 
 
 Repurchases of Common Stock of 725 million and higher dividends paid on Common Stock of 133 million during 2021; and 
 
 Net transfers to UTC related to the Separation of 6.3 billion during 2020, which were primarily funded by the net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt of 6.3 billion during 2020. 
 
 Net bo rrowings in 2021 include 1.6 billion in proceeds from the issuance of Euro denominated notes, which were to be used to fund the Tender Offer. For additional discussion of borrowings activity, see "Note 10: Borrowings and Lines of Credit" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K. 
 
 43 

Table o f Content s 

 Guaranteed Securities: Summarized Financial Information 
 
 The following information is provided in compliance with Rule 13-01 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to the 2023 Euro Notes, the 2026 Euro Notes and the 2031 Euro Notes (together the "Euro Notes"), in each case issued by Highland Holdings S. r.l. Highland ), a private limited liability company soci t responsabilit limit e incorporated and existing under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("Luxembourg"). The Euro Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Otis Worldwide Corporation ("OWC") on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis. Refer to "Note 10: Borrowings and Lines of Credit" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Highland is a wholly-owned, indirect consolidated subsidiary of OWC. OWC is incorporated under the laws of Delaware. As a company incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, and with its registered office in Luxembourg, Highland is subject to Luxembourg insolvency and bankruptcy laws in the event any insolvency proceedings are initiated against it. Luxembourg bankruptcy law is significantly different from, and may be less favorable to creditors than, the bankruptcy law in effect in the United States and may make it more difficult for creditors to recover the amount they could expect to recover in liquidation under U.S. insolvency and bankruptcy rules. 
 
 The Euro Notes are not guaranteed by any of OWC's or Highland's subsidiaries (all OWC subsidiaries other than Highland are referred to herein as "non-guarantor subsidiaries"). Holders of the Euro Notes will have a direct claim only against Highland, as issuer, and OWC, as guarantor. 
 
 The following tables set forth the summarized financial information as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of each of OWC and Highland on a standalone basis, which does not include the consolidated impact of the assets, liabilities, and financial results of their subsidiaries except as noted on the tables below, nor does it include any impact of intercompany eliminations as there were no intercompany transactions between OWC and Highland. This summarized financial information is not intended to present the financial position or results of operations of OWC or Highland in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 OWC Statement of Operations - Standalone and Unconsolidated Revenue Cost of revenue Operating expenses 1 13 Income from consolidated subsidiaries 70 19 Income (loss) from operations excluding income from consolidated subsidiaries (2) (18) Net income (loss) excluding income from consolidated subsidiaries (109) (116) 
 
 As of December 31, (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 OWC Balance Sheet - Standalone and Unconsolidated Current assets (excluding intercompany receivables from non-guarantor subsidiaries) 94 197 Current assets (intercompany receivables from non-guarantor subsidiaries) Noncurrent assets (investments in consolidated subsidiaries) 1,236 1,271 Noncurrent assets (excluding investments in consolidated subsidiaries) 45 48 Current liabilities (intercompany payables to non-guarantor subsidiaries) 3,090 1,516 Current liabilities (excluding intercompany payables to non-guarantor subsidiaries) 166 73 Noncurrent liabilities 5,186 5,725 

44 

Table o f Content s 

 Year Ended December 31, (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Highland Statement of Operations - Standalone and Unconsolidated Revenue Cost of revenue Operating expenses Income from consolidated subsidiaries 1,242 635 Income (loss) from operations excluding income from consolidated subsidiaries Net income (loss) excluding income from consolidated subsidiaries (10) (3) 
 
 As of December 31, (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Highland Balance Sheet - Standalone and Unconsolidated Current assets (excluding intercompany receivables from non-guarantor subsidiaries) Current assets (intercompany receivables from non-guarantor subsidiaries) 195 2 Noncurrent assets (investments in consolidated subsidiaries) 12,524 12,524 Noncurrent assets (intercompany receivables from non-guarantor subsidiaries) 572 666 Noncurrent assets (excluding investments in consolidated subsidiaries) Current liabilities (intercompany payables to non-guarantor subsidiaries) 171 Current liabilities (excluding intercompany payables to non-guarantor subsidiaries) 532 2 Noncurrent liabilities 1,160 1,795 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 Preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. "Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K describes the significant accounting policies used in preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the Consolidated Financial Statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. The most significant areas involving management judgments and estimates are described below. Actual results in these areas could differ from management s estimates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition from Contracts with Customers 
 
 We recognized revenue in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 606: Revenue from Contracts with Customers and its related amendments, (referred to, collectively, as "ASC 606 ). For new equipment and modernization contracts, equipment and installation are typically procured in a single contract providing the customer with a complete installed elevator or escalator unit. The combination of equipment and installation promises are typically a single performance obligation. For these performance obligations, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress. Contract costs are usually incurred over a period of time, which can be several years, and the estimation of these costs requires management s judgment. Contract costs included in the calculation are comprised of labor, materials, subcontractors costs or other direct costs and indirect costs, which include indirect labor costs. 
 
 The long-term nature of the contracts, the complexity of the products and the scale of the projects can affect our ability to estimate costs precisely. We review cost estimates on significant new equipment and modernization contracts on a quarterly basis and, for others, no less frequently than annually or when circumstances change and warrant a modification to a previous estimate. We record changes in contract estimates using the cumulative catch-up method and we review changes in contract estimates for their impact on net sales or operating profit in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Modifications are recognized as a cumulative catch-up or treated as a separate accounting contract if the modification adds distinct goods or services and the modification is priced at its stand-alone selling price. 

45 

Table o f Content s 

 See "Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The future tax benefit arising from deductible temporary differences and tax carryforwards was 588 million as of December 31, 2022 and 647 million as of December 31, 2021. Management estimates that our earnings during the periods when the temporary differences become deductible will be generally sufficient to realize the related future income tax benefits, which may be realized over an extended period of time. For those jurisdictions where the expiration date of tax carryforwards or the projected operating results indicate that realization is not likely, a valuation allowance is provided. 
 
 In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we estimate future taxable income, considering the feasibility of ongoing tax planning strategies and the realizability of tax loss carryforwards. Valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets can be affected by changes to tax laws, changes to statutory tax rates and future taxable income levels. In the event we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or a portion of our deferred tax assets in the future, we would reduce such amounts through an increase to tax expense in the period in which that determination is made or when tax law changes are enacted. Conversely, if we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net carrying amounts, we would decrease the recorded valuation allowance through a decrease to tax expense in the period in which that determination is made. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying our income tax positions. We assess our income tax positions and record tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management s evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. For those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, we have recorded the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements. See "Note 3: Earnings Per Share" and "Note 15: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K for further discussion. Additionally, see "Note 22: Contingent Liabilities" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K for discussion of administrative review proceedings with the German Tax Office. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 We have generated goodwill as a result of our acquisitions. At the time of acquisition, we account for business acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting, in accordance with which assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective fair values at the acquisition date. The fair value of the consideration paid, including contingent consideration, is assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 
 We review our goodwill for impairment on an annual basis at July 1 or more frequently if events or a change in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We test goodwill for impairment at a level within the Company referred to as the reporting unit, which is one level below the operating segment level. We have determined there are three reporting units within each business segment. 
 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other , we initially perform a qualitative assessment (commonly known as step zero to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary before performing the two-step test. The qualitative assessment requires judgments by management about economic conditions including the entity s operating environment, its industry and other market considerations, entity-specific events related to financial performance or loss of key personnel and other events that could impact the reporting unit. If management concludes, based on assessment of relevant events, facts and circumstances, that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s fair value is greater than its carrying value, no further impairment testing is required. If we determine, based on this assessment, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test by comparing the reporting unit s fair value with its carrying value. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value, up to the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. No impairment loss is recognized if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value. 
 
 We completed the annual goodwill impairment test for all of our reporting units as of July 1, 2022 and d etermined that no adjustment to goodwill was necessary as the fair value of each reporting unit was in excess of the carrying value of each reporting unit. 
 
 46 

Table o f Content s 

Contingent Liabilities 
 
 Otis is party to litigation related to a n umber of matters as described in "Note 22: Contingent Liabilities" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K. In particular, they may include risks associated with contractual, regulatory and other matters, which may arise in the ordinary course of business. The outcome of these matters may have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management regularly analyzes current information about these matters and accrues for contingent losses that are probable and reasonably estimable. To assess the exposure to potential liability, we consult with relevant internal and external counsel. In making the decision regarding the need for loss accruals, management considers the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a sufficiently reliable estimate of the amount of loss. See Part I, Item 1A in this Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 
 We sponsor domestic and international defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. Major assumptions used in the accounting for these employee benefit plans include the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, rate of increase in employee compensation levels and mortality rates. Assumptions are determined based on company data and appropriate market indicators, and are evaluated each year as of December 31. A change in any of these assumptions would have an effect on net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In the following table, we show the sensitivity of our pension plan liabilities to a 25 basis point change in the discount rates for benefit obligations, as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 (dollars in millions) Increase in Discount Rate of 25 bps Decrease in Discount Rate of 25 bps Projected benefit obligation (18) 20 
 
 The impact on the net periodic pension (benefit) cost, the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation and the net periodic postretirement (benefit) cost is each less tha n 1 million. 
 
 Pension expense is also sensitive to changes in the expected long-term rate of asset return. An increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of asset return would have decreased or increased 2022 pension expense by approximately 2 million. 
 
 The weighted-average discount rates used to measure pension liabilities and costs utilize each plan s specific cash flows and are then compared to high-quality bond indices for reasonableness. Global market interest rates increased in 2022 as compared with 2021, and, a s a result, the weighted-average discount rate used to measure pension liabilities wa s 3.8 in 2022 and 1.5 in 2021. 
 
 See "Note 13: Employee Benefit Plans" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K for further discussion. 

47 

Table o f Content s 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
 
 We extend a variety of financial guarantees to third parties in support of our business. We also have obligations arising from environmental, health and safety, tax and employment matters. Circumstances that could cause the contingent obligations and liabilities arising from these arrangements to come to fruition include changes in the underlying transaction, non-performance under a contract or deterioration in the financial condition of the guaranteed party. 
 
 Otis' contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022 are discussed below. See also "Note 13: Employee Benefit Plans" in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion of our expected pension and postretirement contributions. 
 
 Long-term Debt 
 
 See "Note 10: Borrowings and Lines of Credit" in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion of our long-term debt principal payments as of December 31, 2022. In the following table, we show the timing of payments of interest on long-term debt as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Payments Due by Period (dollars in millions) Total 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 Thereafter Long-term debt - future interest 1,570 133 253 204 980 
 
 Purchase Obligations 
 
 Purchase obligations include amounts committed for the purchase of goods and services under legally enforceable contracts or purchase orders. Where it is not practically feasible to determine the legally enforceable portion of our obligation under certain of our long-term purchase agreements, we include additional expected purchase obligations beyond what may be legally enforceable. We enter into contractual purchase commitments with suppliers and service vendors to support our information technology that are either necessary to operate our business or result from implementing strategic initiatives. In the following table, we show the timing of payments of total purchase obligations as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Payments Due by Period (dollars in millions) Total 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 Thereafter Purchase obligations 1,150 1,097 41 9 3 
 
 Other Long-term Liabilities 
 
 Other long-term liabilities in the table below includes obligations related to product service and warranty policies, estimated remediation costs and contractual indemnities, and are included in Other long-term liabilities on the "Consolidated Balance Sheets" in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. The timing of expected cash flows associated with these obligations is based upon management's estimates over the terms of these agreements and is largely based upon historical experience and were as follows as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Payments Due by Period (dollars in millions) Total 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 Thereafter Other long-term liabilities 303 11 160 67 65 
 
 The balance above includes 203 million of non-current contractual payables due to RTX for reimbursement of tax payments that RTX is responsible to pay after the Separation pursuant to the TMA. Otis will reimburse RTX for those tax payments through 2027. 
 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 
 Otis has unrecognized tax benefits of 386 million as of December 31, 2022 , the timing of which is uncertain to become payable. See "Note 16: Income Taxes" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K for additional discussion on unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 48 

Table o f Content s 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Our primary market exposures are to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates. To manage certain of those exposures, we use derivative instruments, including forward contracts. Derivative instruments utilized by us in our hedging activities are viewed as risk management tools, involve relatively little complexity and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. We diversify the counterparties used and monitor the concentration of risk to limit our counterparty exposure. 
 
 To quantify our market risk exposure, we perform a sensitivity analysis based on hypothetical changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates . 
 
 Refer to "Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies", "Note 10: Borrowings and Lines of Credit" and "Note 18: Financial Instruments" i n Item 8 in this Form 10-K for additional discussion of foreign currency exchange, interest rates and financial instruments, including the average aggregate notional amount of our outstanding foreign currency and commodity price hedges during 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exposures 
 
 The value of certain foreign currencies as compared to the U.S. Dollar may impact Otis financial results. We have a high volume of foreign currency exposures that result from our international sales, purchases, investments and other international transactions. International sales were approxi mately 9.9 billion, 10.6 billion and 9.3 billion in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively . 
 
 We manage foreign currency exposures that are associated with committed foreign currency purchases and sales as well as foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities that are created in the ordinary course of business. More than insignificant exposures, that cannot be naturally offset, are generally hedged with foreign currency derivatives. The aggregate notional amount of our outstanding foreign currency hedges was 3.7 billion and 3.2 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Foreign currency forward contracts are sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. An unfavorable exchange rate movement of 10 to our portfolio of foreign currency contracts would have resulted in an increase in unrealized losses of 39 million and 8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such losses or gains would be offset by corresponding gains or losses in the remeasurement of the underlying transactions being hedged. We believe these foreign currency forward exchange contracts and the offsetting underlying commitments, when taken together, do not create material market risk. 
 
 For our non-U.S. based entities, a substantial portion of revenues are generated and costs are incurred in local currencies. We transact business in various foreign currencies, which exposes our cash flows and earnings to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We periodically enter into sales contracts denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the parties to the transaction, which can create foreign exchange exposure. While the objective of the hedging program is to minimize the foreign currency exchange impact on operating results, there are typically variances between the hedging gains or losses and the translational impact due to the length of hedging contracts, changes in the sales profile, volatility in the exchange rates and other such operational considerations. Otis does not enter into hedging contracts for speculative purposes. 
 
 As discussed in "Note 18: Financial Instruments" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K, as of December 31, 2022 we have 21.5 billion 163 million) of Japanese Yen denominated long-term debt, which qualifies as a net investment hedge against our investments in Japanese businesses. As of December 31, 2022, the net investment hedge is deemed to be effective. 
 
 As discussed in "Note 10: Borrowings and Lines of Credit" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K, as of December 31, 2022 we have 1.6 billion 1.7 billion) of Euro denominated long-term debt. This debt was issued by a subsidiary with Euro functional currency and the proceeds were used to fund the Tender Offer for Zardoya Otis. The currency effects of this debt are reflected in the Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within Shareholder's (Deficit) Equity in the Balance Sheet in Item 8 in this Form 10-K. 

49 

Table o f Content s 

 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 The fluctuation in prices of certain raw materials may impact Otis' financial results. We are exposed to volatility in the prices of commodities used in some of our products and component parts, such as steel, aluminum and copper, among others. When possible and appropriate, we maintain fixed price contracts on raw materials and component parts. However, we are prone to exposure as these contracts expire. When possible and appropriate, we also include price escalation linked to commodity prices in contracts with our customers and take pricing actions for future contracts. However, products and services delivered to our customers can be provided a year or more after being agreed to, and not all raw material price increases can be passed along to customers with existing contracts. Therefore, when commodity price risk is not mitigated by other methods, we may enter into hedging contracts. Otis does not enter into hedging contracts for speculative purposes. 
 
 Commodity hedging contracts are sensitive to changes in commodity prices, but any losses or gains would be offset by corresponding gains or losses in the underlying commodity purchases being hedged. Therefore, we believe these commodity hedging contracts and the offsetting underlying purchases, when taken together, do not create material market risk. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our long-term debt portfolio consists of fixed-rate instruments, and, therefore, any fluctuation in market interest rates is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's results of operations. A 100 basis points increase in interest rates would have had an approximate 400 million and 600 million reduction on the fair value of our fixed-rate debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, the investors in our fixed-rate debt obligations generally do not have the right to demand we pay off these obligations prior to maturity. Therefore, we believe our exposure to interest rate risk on our fixed-rate debt is not material. 
 
 From time to time, we may hedge floating rates using interest rate swaps. The hedges would be designated as fair value hedges and the gains and losses on the swaps would be reported in interest expense, reflecting that portion of interest expense at a variable rate. 

50 

Table o f Content s 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

Page Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 52 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Fir m (PCAOB ID 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 2020 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 56 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 59 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 60 
 Financial Statement Schedule - Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 100 

(All other schedules are not required and have been omitted) 
 
 51 

Table o f Content s 

 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The management of Otis is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of Otis' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making its assessment, management has utilized the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Management concluded that based on its assessment, Otis' internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of Otis' internal control over financial reporting, as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 

OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION (Registrant) by: /s/ JUDITH F. MARKS Judith F. Marks Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer by: /s/ ANURAG MAHESHWARI Anurag Maheshwari Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer by: /s/ MICHAEL P. RYAN Michael P. Ryan Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

52 

Table o f Content s 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Otis Worldwide Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Otis Worldwide Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of changes in equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

53 

Table o f Content s 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - Estimated Costs at Completion for New Equipment Contracts 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 23 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognized 5.9 billion of revenue from new equipment contracts for the year ended December 31, 2022. For new equipment contracts, equipment and installation are typically procured in a single contract providing the customer with a complete installed elevator or escalator unit. The combination of equipment and installation promises are typically a single performance obligation. For these performance obligations, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress. As disclosed by management, contract costs are usually incurred over a period of time, which can be several years, and the estimation of these costs requires management s judgment. The long-term nature of the contracts, the complexity of the products and the scale of the projects can affect management s ability to estimate costs precisely. Management reviews cost estimates on significant new equipment contracts on a quarterly basis and, for others, no less frequently than annually or when circumstances change and warrant a modification to a previous estimate. Management records changes in contract estimates using the cumulative catch-up method and reviews changes in contract estimates for their impact on net sales or operating profit in the consolidated financial statements. Contract costs included in the calculation are comprised of labor, materials, subcontractors costs or other direct costs and indirect costs, which include indirect labor costs. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition - estimated costs at completion for new equipment contracts is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management to determine the estimated costs at contract completion, which in turn led to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the estimated expected labor and indirect labor costs used in the development of estimated costs at contract completion. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over the determination of the estimated costs at contract completion and development of the significant assumptions related to the estimated expected labor and indirect labor costs. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating and testing management s process for developing and modifying estimated costs at contract completion for a sample of contracts, which included evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions related to the estimated expected labor and indirect labor costs considered by management specific to each contract. Evaluating the reasonableness of the estimated expected labor and indirect labor costs involved assessing management s ability to reasonably estimate costs at completion by (i) testing costs incurred to date and obtaining a sample of executed contracts and related change orders, (ii) performing a comparison of the margin, driven by the estimated and actual costs incurred, to that of similar completed equipment contracts, and (iii) evaluating the timely identification of circumstances that may warrant a modification to estimated total cost to complete. 

/s/ 
 
 February 3, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 54 

Table o f Content s 

 OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 (dollars in millions, except per share amounts; shares in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales: Product sales Service sales Costs and expenses: Cost of products sold Cost of services sold Research and development Selling, general and administrative Other income (expense), net ) Operating profit Non-service pension cost (benefit) Interest expense (income), net Net income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Less: Noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries' earnings Net income attributable to Otis Worldwide Corporation Earnings per share (Note 3): Basic Diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding Basic shares Diluted shares 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 55 

Table o f Content s 

 OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) ) Pension and postretirement benefit plan adjustments: Net actuarial gain (loss) ) Amortization of actuarial loss and prior service credit Other ) ) Tax benefit (expense) ) ) Pension and postretirement benefit plan adjustments, net of tax ) Change in unrealized cash flow hedging: Unrealized cash flow hedging gain (loss) ) ) Adjustment for net (gain) loss realized and included in net income ) ) Change in unrealized cash flow hedging, net of tax ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Less: Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Otis Worldwide Corporation 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 56 

Table o f Content s 

OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable (net of allowance for expected credit losses of and 
 Contract assets Inventories Other current assets Total Current Assets Future income tax benefits Fixed assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity (Deficit) Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Contract liabilities Total Current Liabilities Long-term debt Future pension and postretirement benefit obligations Operating lease liabilities Future income tax obligations Other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 22) Redeemable noncontrolling interest Shareholders' (Deficit) Equity: Common Stock and additional paid-in-capital Treasury Stock ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) ) ) Noncontrolling interest Total Equity (Deficit) ) ) Total Liabilities and Equity (Deficit) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 57 

Table o f Content s 

 OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 
 (dollars in millions, except per share amounts) Common Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Deficit UTC Net Investment (Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholders' (Deficit) Equity Noncontrolling Interest Total (Deficit) Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) Adoption of credit loss standard, net of tax (Note 2) ) ) ) Net transfers to UTC and Separation-related transactions ) ) ) Issuance of Common Stock and reclassification of deficit ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Stock-based compensation and Common Stock issued under employer plans Cash dividends declared per Common Share) 
 ) ) ) Dividends attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Acquisitions, disposals and other changes ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Stock-based compensation and Common Stock issued under employer plans ) Cash dividends declared per Common Share) 
 ) ) ) Repurchase of Common Shares ) ) ) Dividends attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Acquisitions, disposals and other changes ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Stock-based compensation and Common Stock issued under employer plans ) Cash dividends declared per Common Share) 
 ) ) ) Repurchase of Common Shares ) ) ) Dividends attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Reclassification of noncontrolling interest to forward purchase agreement and redeemable noncontrolling interest (Note 1) ) ) ) ) Acquisitions, disposals and other changes ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 58 

Table o f Content s 

 OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating activities, net of acquisitions and dispositions: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Stock compensation cost Loss on fixed asset impairment Change in: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Contract assets and liabilities, current Inventories ) ) Other current assets Accounts payable Accrued liabilities ) ) Pension and postretirement contributions ) ) ) Other operating activities, net Net cash flows provided by operating activities Investing Activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Acquisitions of businesses and intangible assets, net of cash (Note 9) ) ) ) Dispositions of businesses, net of cash (Note 9) Proceeds from sale of (investments in) marketable securities ) ) Receipts (payments) on settlements of derivative contracts ) Other investing activities, net Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities: Net proceeds from (repayments of) borrowings (maturities of 90 days or less) ) Proceeds from borrowings (maturities longer than 90 days) Repayments of borrowings (maturities longer than 90 days) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Dividends paid on Common Stock ) ) ) Repurchases of Common Stock ) ) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Acquisition of Zardoya Otis shares (Note 1) ) Net transfers to UTC ) Other financing activities, net ) ) ) Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Less: Restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid, net of (refunds) (including related party of ) in 2020) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 59 

Table o f Content s 

Note 1: 
 
 segments: New Equipment and Service. Through the New Equipment segment, we design, manufacture, sell and install a wide range of passenger and freight elevators, as well as escalators and moving walkways, for residential, commercial and infrastructure projects. The Service segment provides maintenance and repair services for both our products and those of other manufacturers, and provides modernization services to upgrade elevators and escalators. 
 
 On November 26, 2018, United Technologies Corporation, subsequently renamed to Raytheon Technologies Corporation on April 3, 2020 ("UTC" or "RTX", as applicable), announced its intention to spin-off its Otis reportable segment and its Carrier reportable segment into two separate publicly-traded companies (the "Separation"). On April 3, 2020, the Company became an independent publicly-traded company through a pro-rata distribution of shares of Common Stock for every share of UTC common stock held at the close of business on the record date of March 19, 2020 ("Distribution"). Otis began to trade as a separate public company (New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"): OTIS) on April 3, 2020. 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to "Otis", "we", "us", "our" and "the Company" refer to (i) Otis Worldwide Corporation's business prior to the Separation and (ii) Otis Worldwide Corporation and its subsidiaries following the Separation, as applicable. References to "UTC" relate to pre-Separation matters, and references to "RTX" relate to post-Separation matters. 
 
 Sale of Russia Business 
 
 The Company sold its business in Russia during 2022. See Note 9, "Business Acquisitions, Dispositions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets" for additional information regarding the sale of our Russia business. 
 
 Zardoya Otis Tender Offer 
 
 The Company previously announced its Tender Offer to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Zardoya Otis not owned by the Company in cash, and its intention to delist the shares of Zardoya Otis from the Spanish stock exchanges subsequent to the Tender Offer (the "Tender Offer"). The price per share of the Tender Offer was in cash as of March 31, 2022 , after adjustments for dividends paid. The Tender Offer was approved by the Spanish regulator on February 28, 2022. As a result of the Tender Offer approval, the issued and outstanding shares of Zardoya Otis owned by Euro Syns, S.A. ("Euro Syns") were reclassified to current liabilities as Forward purchase agreement, and the remaining shares not owned by the Company were deemed redeemable at the option of the other shareholders and were reclassified from Noncontrolling interest to Redeemable noncontrolling interest on our Consolidated Financial Statements. The difference between the historical noncontrolling interest carrying value in the balance sheet and the fair value of the Tender Offer was recorded to Accumulated deficit. 
 
 The results of the Tender Offer were announced on April 7, 2022, with tenders, including Euro Syns' shares, of of the shares outstanding accepted, resulting in the Company owning of Zardoya Otis. The shares tendered to the Company were settled in cash on April 12, 2022 for approximately billion from the Company's restricted cash held in escrow. The acquisition and settlement of the remaining issued and outstanding shares of Zardoya Otis not owned by the Company occurred in the second quarter for approximately million. The automatic delisting of Zardoya Otis shares occurred on May 9, 2022. Zardoya Otis was then renamed Otis Mobility S.A. ("Otis Mobility"). 
 
 The Company owned a controlling interest and had operational control of Otis Mobility (formerly Zardoya Otis) as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and therefore its financial results are included in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company owned of Otis Mobility prior to the Tender Offer and after completion of the Tender Offer. See Note 10, "Borrowings and Lines of Credit" for additional information regarding financing agreements entered into by the Company and its subsidiaries in connection with the Tender Offer. 

60 

Table o f Content s 

 Note 2: 

million and billion, re spectivel y, including cash held in escrow to fund the Tender Offer as of December 31, 2021. The non-current portion of restricted cash is million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

61 

Table o f Content s 

 million and million, respectively, and unbilled receiv ables of million and million, respectively. Retainage represents amounts that, pursuant to the applicable contract, are not due until after project completion and acceptance by the customer. Unbilled receivables represent revenues that are earned but may not be currently billable to the customer under the terms of the contract. These items are expected to be billed and collected in the ordinary course of business. Unbilled receivables where we have an unconditional right to payment are included in Accounts receivable, net as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Customer Financing Notes Receivable. Through financing arrangements with our customers, we extend payment terms, which are generally not more than one year in duration. 
 
 Factoring. The Company may sell certain trade accounts and notes receivable to lending institutions to manage credit risk. Financial assets sold under these arrangements are excluded from Accounts receivable, net in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets at the time of sale if the Company has surrendered control over the related assets. Whether control has been relinquished requires, among other things, an evaluation of relevant legal considerations and an assessment of the nature and extent of the Company s continuing involvement with the assets transferred. Gains and losses stemming from transfers reported as sales are included in Interest expense (income), net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

, on a straight-line basis, unless another systematic and rational basis is more representative of the software's use. Amounts are reported as a component of Machinery and equipment. 

62 

Table o f Content s 

63 

Table o f Content s 

to years 
 Patents, trademarks/trade names 
 to years 
 Customer relationships and other 
 to years 

The Company evaluates the potential impairment of long-lived assets, including finite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If the carrying value of other long-lived assets h eld and used exceeds the sum of the undiscounted expected future cash flows, the carrying value is written down to fair value. See Note 8, "Fixed Assets" and Note 9, " Business Acquisitions, Dispositions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets " for additional information regarding intangible assets and other long-lived asse ts. 

64 

Table o f Content s 

 billion. Of the total RPO as of December 31, 2022, we expect approximately will be recognized as sales over the following months. 
 
 Additional disclosure required by ASC 606 is provided in Note 23, "Segment Financial Data", including disaggregation of revenue into categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

65 

Table o f Content s 

66 

Table o f Content s 

million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in Additional paid-in capital for transaction costs associated with the acquisition of shares of Otis Mobility (formerly Zardoya Otis) not owned by the Company. Refer to Note 1, "Business Overview" for additional information on the Tender Offer. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interest. Ownership interest in the Company's consolidated subsidiaries held by parties other than the Company are presented separately from Shareholders' (Deficit) Equity as Noncontrolling interest within equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amount of net income attributable to Otis Worldwide Corporation and the noncontrolling interest are both presented on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 All noncontrolling interest with redemption features, such as put options or other contractual obligations to acquire the noncontrolling interest, that are not solely within our control are redeemable noncontrolling interest. Redeemable noncontrolling interest are reported in the mezzanine section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets, between Liabilities and equity (deficit), at the greater of redemption value or initial carrying value. 
 
 The activity attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity. 

million was recorded. 
 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes . The amendments in this update remove certain exceptions of Topic 740 including: exception to the incremental approach for intraperiod tax allocation when there is a loss from continuing operations and income or gain from other items; exception to the requirement to recognize a deferred tax liability for equity method investments when a foreign subsidiary becomes an equity method investment; exception to the ability not to recognize a deferred tax liability for a foreign subsidiary when a foreign equity method investment becomes a subsidiary; exception to the general methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period when a year-to-date loss exceeds the anticipated loss for the year. There are also additional areas of guidance in regards to: franchise and other taxes partially based on income and the interim recognition of enactment of tax laws and rate changes. The provisions of this ASU were effective for years beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this standard effective January 1, 2021. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 67 

Table o f Content s 

Note 3: 
 
 Impact of redeemable noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to common shareholders Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding Stock awards and equity units (share equivalent) 1 
 Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding Earnings Per Share of Common Stock: Basic Diluted 

The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share for all periods presented prior to the Separation on April 3, 2020 utilizes shares of the Common Stock, which were the number of shares distributed to UTC shareholders of record as of March 19, 2020. 
 
 1 Includes the dilutive impact of outstanding awards granted prior to the Separation from UTC and converted upon the Separation, in accordance with the Employee Matters Agreement. 

68 

Table o f Content s 

 million, million and million of anti-dilutive stock awards excluded from the computation for 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 
 
 For the purpose of the above diluted earnings per share computation, we included only the units associated with the converted Otis share-based awards. These awards were assumed to be outstanding beginning from the Separation date. 

Note 4: 
 
 Total contract assets Contract liabilities, current Contract liabilities, noncurrent (included within Other long-term liabilities) Total contract liabilities Net contract liabilities 
 
 Contract assets increased by million during 2022 as a result of the progression of current contracts and timing of billing on customer contracts, partially offset by the impact foreign exchanges rates. Contract liabilities decreased by million during 2022, due to contract billings in excess of revenue earned being more than offset by the impact of foreign exchange rates and a decrease of million of contract liabilities due to the sale of our Russia business during 2022. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized revenue of billion, billion and billion related to the contract liabilities as of January 1, 2022, January 1, 2021 and January 1, 2020, respectively. 

Note 5: 

69 

Table o f Content s 

 million were contributed to the Company by our former parent, UTC, primarily consisting of deferred tax assets and liabilities and fixed assets. Prior to the Separation, these non-cash contributions were recorded as Net transfers (to) from UTC on the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity through UTC Net Investment. 
 
 Taxes and other Total 
 
 Prior to the Separation, our former parent, UTC, paid Otis Cash and cash equivalents of million in connection with the Separation Agreement, and million as settlement of related party receivables due from UTC to Otis as a result of a cash overdraft as of March 31, 2020. 
 
 Additionally, the TCJA imposed a non-recurring toll charge, paid in installments over an 8-year period on deemed repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2017. Under the terms of the TMA, Otis will indemnify RTX for a percentage of the toll charge installment payments due after April 3, 2020. As a result, a portion of Otis' balance of Future income tax obligations corresponding to the toll charge was reclassified as a contractual indemnity obligation within Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The TMA also provides for RTX to indemnify Otis for certain foreign tax obligations as a result of Otis' inclusion in certain foreign consolidated tax returns prior to the Separation. As a result, Otis reflected this contractual indemnification asset within Other current assets and the related tax obligations within Accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 million, comprising the following impacts to the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 
 
 (dollars in millions) Increase (Decrease) Assets Other current assets Total Current Assets Future income tax benefits ) Total Assets Liabilities and (Deficit) Equity Accrued liabilities Total Current Liabilities Future income tax obligations ) Other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities ) Total Shareholders' (Deficit) Equity Total (Deficit) Equity Total Liabilities and (Deficit) Equity 
 
 There were also million of Other long-term liabilities recorded upon Separation on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 70 

Table o f Content s 

million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, for foreign tax obligations that were reimbursed by RTX. 
 
 Shared Costs. The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on a standalone basis for the periods prior to the Separation on April 3, 2020, and for those periods are derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of our former parent, UTC. Prior to the Separation, the Company had been managed and operated in the normal course of business with other affiliates of UTC, and UTC incurred corporate costs such as treasury, tax, accounting, human resources, audit, legal, purchasing, information technology and other such services. The costs associated with these services generally included all payroll and benefit costs, as well as overhead costs related to certain functions. All such amounts have been deemed to have been incurred and settled by the Company in the period in which the costs were recorded. 
 
 Accordingly, prior to the Separation, shared costs of million were allocated to the Company for 2020, primarily reflected in Selling, general and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were allocated centralized costs for the periods after the Separation. 
 
 Separation Costs. 

Separation-related costs prior to the Separation primarily consisted of employee-related costs, costs to establish certain standalone functions and information technology systems, professional services fees, costs to exit from certain services previously provided under the TSA and other transaction-related costs to transition to being a standalone public company. Costs after the Separation primarily consist of costs to exit from certain services previously provided under the TSA and other transaction-related costs to transition to being a standalone public company. Separation costs of million, million and million, in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Additional Separation-related items, which are recorded in Other income (expense), net, include adjustments to indemnification assets due from RTX related to the finalization of tax settlements in accordance with the TMA and other Separation-related costs. 
 
 Separation costs in 2021 and 2020 are partially offset by income tax benefits of million and million, respectively. Separation costs in 2022 resulted in an income tax expense of less than million. 

Note 6: 
 
 Unbilled receivables Miscellaneous receivables Customer financing notes receivable Less: allowance for expected credit losses Balance 
 
 Credit Losses. We are exposed to credit losses primarily through our net sales of products and services to our customers which are recorded as Accounts Receivable, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We evaluate each customer's ability to pay through assessing customer creditworthiness, historical experience and current economic conditions through a reasonable forecast period. Factors considered in our evaluation of assessing collectability and risk include: underlying value of any collateral or security interests, significant past due balances, historical losses and existing economic conditions including country and political risk. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from estimates or that consideration of these factors in the future will not result in an increase or decrease to the allowance for credit losses. We may require collateral 
 
 71 

Table o f Content s 

 Provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance for expected credit losses ) ) Foreign exchange and other ) ) Balance as of December 31 

Note 7: 
 
 Finished goods Total 
 
 Raw materials and work-in-process and Finished goods are net of valuation write-downs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Inventories decreased during 2022, including decreases of million of raw materials and work-in-process and million of finished goods due to the sale of our Russia business during 2022. See Note 9, "Business Acquisitions, Dispositions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets" for additional information regarding the sale of our Russia business. These decreases were partially offset by increases to inventory in order to support backlog conversion. 

Note 8: 
 
 Buildings and improvements - Years 
 Machinery and equipment - Years 
 Assets under construction Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Fixed assets decreased during 2022 due to the impact of foreign exchange rates, as well as million as a result of the sale of our Russia business during 2022. See Note 9, "Business Acquisitions, Dispositions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets" for additional information regarding the sale of our Russia business. 

72 

Table o f Content s 

 million, million and million were accrued within Accounts payable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Note 9: 
 
 million, million and million (including debt assumed) in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The acquisitions consisted of a number of acquisitions primarily in our Service segment. Transaction costs incurred were not considered significant. 
 
 Goodwill. 
 
 ) ) Service ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 1 The sale of our Russia business included million of goodwill. For additional information, refer to the subheading "Disposals and Held for Sale Assets and Liabilities" below. 
 
 Changes in our Goodwill balances in 2021 were as follows: 
 
 (dollars in millions) Balance as of 
 December 31, 2020 
 Goodwill Resulting From Business Combinations Foreign Currency Translation and Other Balance as of December 31, 2021 New Equipment ) Service ) Total ) 
 
 Intangible Assets. 
 
 ) ) Patents, trademarks/trade names ) ) Customer relationships and other ) ) ) ) Unamortized: Trademarks and other Total ) ) 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Excluding the impact of currency translation adjustments, there were no other significant changes in our Intangible Assets during 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

73 

Table o f Content s 

Disposals and Held for Sale Assets and Liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, assets held for sale were million, and are included in Other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. There were no balances as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 In June 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our business in Russia to a third party, which was then sold on July 27, 2022. The Company recorded the loss on sale and related charges of million in 2022 in Other expense (income), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Note 10: 
 
 Other borrowings Total short-term borrowings 
 
 Commercial Paper. As of December 31, 2022, there were million in borrowings outstanding under the Company's billion unsecured, unsubordinated commercial paper programs. We use our commercial paper borrowings for general corporate purposes including to finance acquisitions, pay dividends and for debt refinancing. The need for commercial paper borrowings may arise if the use of domestic cash for general corporate purposes exceeds the sum of domestic cash generation and foreign cash repatriated to the U.S. 
 
 In September 2020, we issued million of Euro denominated commercial paper. The Euro denominated commercial paper, while outstanding, qualified as a net investment hedge against our investments in European businesses. During 2021, we fully repaid the Euro denominated commercial paper and there is no longer a related net investment hedge as of December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 18, "Financial Instruments" for further details on net investment hedges. 
 
 We also issued million of U.S. Dollar commercial paper in November 2020, which was fully repaid during 2021. The commercial paper issued in 2020 was used to pay down the term loan described further below under "Long-Term Debt". 
 
 Long-Term Debt. As of December 31, 2022, we have a credit agreement, as amended, with various banks providing for a billion unsecured, unsubordinated revolving credit facility, effective as of April 3, 2020, with an interest rate of LIBOR plus basis points and a commitment fee rate of basis points. As of December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings under the revolving credit facility. The undrawn portion of the revolving credit facility serves as a backstop for the issuance of commercial paper. 
 
 On February 10, 2020, we entered into a term loan credit agreement, as amended, providing for a billion unsecured, unsubordinated term loan credit facility (the "term loan"). The Company drew on the full amount of the term loan on March 27, 2020 and then prepaid the full amount during 2020, resulting in the termination of the term loan credit agreement. Additionally, on February 27, 2020, we issued billion unsecured, unsubordinated notes. The net proceeds of the term loan and the notes of approximately billion were distributed to our former parent, UTC, prior to the Separation. 

74 

Table o f Content s 

 billion Japanese Yen denominated million), unsecured, unsubordinated notes due March 2026 (the "Yen Notes"). The net proceeds of the Yen Notes were used to repay a portion of our outstanding Euro denominated commercial paper. The Yen Notes qualify as a net investment hedge against our investments in Japanese businesses. As of December 31, 2022, the net investment hedge is deemed to be effective . Refer to Note 18, "Financial Instruments" for further details on net investment hedges. 
 
 On September 22, 2021, we entered into a billion bridge loan credit agreement (the "Bridge Credit Facility") and related guarantees in connection with the Tender Offer, which was intended to be drawn only to the extent we did not obtain permanent debt financing prior to the settlement date of the Tender Offer. On November 12, 2021, we issued billion Euro denominated billion), unsecured, unsubordinated notes (the "Euro Notes"). The net proceeds of the Euro Notes were used to fund the Tender Offer. Upon issuing the Euro Notes, the Bridge Credit Facility and related guarantees were terminated. 
 
 The revolving credit agreement and indentures contain affirmative and negative covenants customary for financings of these types that, among other things, limit the Company's and its subsidiaries' ability to incur additional liens, to make certain fundamental changes and to enter into sale and leaseback transactions. In addition, the revolving credit agreement requires that we maintain a maximum consolidated leverage ratio, as defined in the agreement. The revolving credit agreement and indentures also contain events of default customary for financings of these types. The Company is in compliance with all covenants in the revolving credit agreement and the indentures governing all notes as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 bps floating rate notes due 2023 1,2,3 
 notes due 2023 million principal value) 2 
 notes due 2025 2 
 notes due 2026 billion principal value) 2 
 notes due 2026 million principal value) 2 
 notes due 2027 2 
 notes due 2030 2 
 notes due 2031 million principal value) 2 
 notes due 2040 2 
 notes due 2050 2 
 Other (including finance leases) Total principal long-term debt Other (discounts and debt issuance costs) ) ) Total long-term debt Less: current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 
 1 The three-month LIBOR rate as of December 31, 2021 was approximately . 
 2 We may redeem these notes at our option pursuant to certain terms. 
 3 The Company redeemed its million floating rate notes due in 2023, at par, using cash on hand in January 2022. 
 
 Debt discounts and debt issuance costs are presented as a re duction of debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized as a component of interest expense over the term of the related debt using the effective interest method. 
 
 Total interest expense on debt 

75 

Table o f Content s 

 million and million, respectively. In addition to interest on debt, Interest expense (income), net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in 2021 includes the write-off of million in financing costs associated with a Bridge Credit Facility for the Tender Offer and related guarantees that were terminated. 
 
 The average maturity of our long-term debt as of December 31, 2022 is approximately years. 
 
 Total long-term debt 
 
 ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

Note 11: 
 
 Accrued interest Operating lease liabilities VAT and other non-income tax payables Accrued income taxes payable Other liabilities Total 
 
 Accrued interest primarily consists of interest accrued for uncertain tax positions and the German tax litigation as described in Note 22, "Contingent Liabilities", as well as million and million of interest accrued for borrowings as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as described in Note 10, "Borrowings and Lines of Credit". 

76 

Table o f Content s 

 Note 12: 
 
 General, product and auto liability Employee benefits Other liabilities Total 
 
 The Contractual indemnity obligation consists of a payable to RTX, resulting from the TMA . See Note 5, "Related Parties " for further details. 

Note 13: 
 
 million, million and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Pension Plans. We sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plans that cover a large number of our employees. While we sponsor domestic pension plans that provide retirement benefits to certain employees, they are not a material component of the projected benefit obligation. 

77 

Table o f Content s 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Net settlement, curtailment and special termination benefits ) ) Other ) ) Ending balance Change in plan assets: Beginning balance Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Settlements ) ) Other ) ) Ending balance Funded status: Fair value of plan assets Benefit obligations ) ) Funded status of plan ) ) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consist of: Noncurrent assets Current liability ) ) Noncurrent liability ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) Amounts recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of: Net actuarial loss Prior service credit Net amount recognized 
 
 The amounts included in "actuarial (gain) loss" in the above table primarily are due to changes in discount rate assumptions driven by changes in corporate bond yields. The amounts included in Other in the above table primarily reflect the impact of foreign exchange translation, primarily for plans in Australia, Canada, Germany, Japan and South Korea. 
 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020 we made cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 78 

Table o f Content s 

Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) Recognized actuarial net loss Net settlement, curtailment and special termination benefits loss (gain) Net periodic pension cost employer 
 
 Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive loss are as follows: 
 
 (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Current year actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit Net settlement and curtailment (loss) gain ) ) Other ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss ) ) Net recognized in net periodic pension cost and other comprehensive (income) loss ) ) 
 
 The amounts included in Other in the above table primarily reflect the impact of foreign exchange translation, primarily for plans in Canada, France, Germany and Japan. 

79 

Table o f Content s 

 Salary scale Expected return on plan assets Interest crediting rate 
 
 The weighted-average discount rates used to measure pension benefit obligations and net costs are set by reference to specific analyses using each plan s specific cash flows and are then comparing them to high-quality bond indices for reasonableness. 
 
 In determining the expected return on plan assets, we consider the relative weighting of plan assets, the historical performance of total plan assets and individual asset classes, and economic and other indicators of future performance. In addition, we may consult with, and consider the opinions of, financial and other professionals in developing appropriate capital market assumptions. Return projections are also validated using a simulation model that incorporates yield curves, credit spreads and risk premiums to project long-term prospective returns. 
 
 The plans investment management objectives include providing the liquidity and asset levels needed to meet current and future benefit payments, while maintaining a prudent degree of portfolio diversification considering interest rate risk and market volatility. Globally, investment strategies target a mix of approximately 50 of growth-seeking assets and 50 of income-generating and hedging assets using a wide diversification of asset types, fund strategies and investment managers. The growth seeking allocation consists of global public equities in developed and emerging countries, and alternative-asset class strategies. Within the income-generating assets, the fixed income portfolio consists of mainly government and broadly diversified high-quality corporate bonds. 

80 

Table o f Content s 

 Global Equity Funds at net asset value (5) 
 Fixed income securities: Governments Corporate Bonds Fixed income securities at net asset value (5) 
 Real estate (2) (5) 
 Other (3) (5) 
 Cash and cash equivalents (4) (5) 
 Total Other assets and liabilities (6) 
 Total as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (dollars in millions) Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Not Subject to Leveling Total Asset category Public equities: Global Equity Commingled Funds (1) 
 Global Equity Funds at net asset value (5) 
 Fixed income securities: Governments Corporate Bonds Fixed income securities at net asset value (5) 
 Real estate (2) (5) 
 Other (3) (5) 
 Cash and cash equivalents (4) (5) 
 Total Other assets and liabilities (6) 
 Total as of December 31, 2021 
 
 (1) Represents investments in mutual funds and investments in commingled funds that invest primarily in common stocks. 
 (2) Represents investments in real estate including commingled funds. 
 (3) Represents insurance contracts and global-balanced-risk commingled funds consisting mainly of equity, bonds and some commodities. 
 (4) Represents short-term commercial paper, bonds and other cash or cash-like instruments. 
 (5) In accordance with FASB ASU 2015-07, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820), certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented for the total pension benefits plan assets. 
 (6) Represents trust receivables and payables that are not leveled. 
 
 81 

Table o f Content s 

million to our global defined benefit pension plans in 2023, including benefit payments to be paid directly from corporate assets. 
 
 Benefit payments, including amounts to be paid from corporate assets, and reflecting expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid as follows: million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and million from 2028 through 2032. 
 
 Postretirement Benefit Plans. We sponsor postretirement benefit plans that provide health benefits to eligible retirees. The postretirement plans are unfunded. The benefit obligation was million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The net periodic cost was less than million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Other comprehensive gains of million and million were recognized during 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to changes in benefit obligations. 
 
 The projected benefit obligation discount rate was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Net Cost discount rate was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Benefit payments, including amounts to be paid from corporate assets, and reflecting expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid as follows: million each year from 2023 through 2027, and million from 2028 through 2032. 
 
 Multiemployer Benefit Plans. We contribute to various domestic and international multiemployer defined benefit pension plans. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in that assets contributed are pooled and may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. Lastly, if we choose to stop participating in some of our multiemployer plans, we may be required to pay those plans a withdrawal liability based on the underfunded status of the plan. 
 
 Our participation in these plans for the annual periods ended December 31 is outlined in the table below. Unless otherwise noted, the most recent Pension Protection Act PPA zone status available in 2022 and 2021 is for the plan s year-end at June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively. The zone status is based on information that we received from the plan and is certified by the plan s actuary. Our significant plan is in the green zone which represents a plan that is at least 80 funded and does not require a financial improvement plan FIP or a rehabilitation plan RP ). 
 
 No 7/8/2027 Other funds 
 
 For the plan years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, we were listed in the National Elevator Industry Pension Plan s Forms 5500 as providing more than 5 of the total contributions for the plan. At the date these financial statements were issued, the Form 5500 was not available for the plan year ending June 30, 2022. 
 
 82 

Table o f Content s 

million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 million and million, respectively, in 2020 . 

million shares of common stock are authorized under the Plan. The Plan provides for the grant of various types of awards including restricted share unit awards, stock appreciation rights, stock options, and performance-based awards. Under the Plan, the exercise price of awards, if any, is set on the grant date and may not be less than the fair market value per share on that date. Generally, stock appreciation rights and stock options have a term of and a vesting period, subject to limited exceptions. In the event of retirement, annual stock appreciation rights, stock options, and restricted share units held for more than may become vested and exercisable (if applicable), subject to certain terms and conditions. Awards with performance-based vesting generally have a minimum vesting period and vest based on actual performance against pre-established met rics. In the event of retirement, performance-based awards held for more than remain eligible to vest based on actual perfo rmance relative to target metrics. All other restricted awards generally have a vesting period. We currently intend to issue new shares for share option exercises and conversions under our equity compensation arrangements, and will continue to evaluate this policy in connection with our share repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million shares remain available for awards under the 2020 Plan. 
 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 
 We measure the cost of all share-based payments, including stock options, at fair value on the grant date and recognize this cost in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. A forfeiture rate assumption is applied on grant date to adjust the expense recognition for awards that are not expected to vest. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, is primarily reflected in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, in addition to Cost of products sold, Cost of services sold and Research and development. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense (Cash-based) ) ) Total gross stock-based compensation expense (1) 
 Less: future tax benefit Stock-based compensation expense, net of tax 
 
 (1) Includes costs associated with awards granted to Otis employees prior to the Separation by our former parent UTC. 
 
 For periods prior to the Separation, the fair value assumptions are based on the awards and terms previously granted under the UTC incentive compensation plan to Otis employees. Accordingly, the amounts presented for the year ended December 31, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of future awards and do not necessarily reflect the results that Otis would have experienced as an independent publicly-traded company. 

83 

Table o f Content s 

 million, million and million, respectively, with an associated tax benefit realized of million, million and million, respectively. In addition, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the associated tax benefit realized from the vesting of performance share units and other restricted awards was million, million and million, respectively. The tax benefit was computed using current U.S. federal and state taxes rates applicable in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested equity awards granted under the Plan. This cost is expected to be recognized ratably over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Granted (1) 
 Exercised / Earned (1) 
 ) ) ) Cancelled ) ) ) December 31, 2022 
 
 Weighted-average grant price 
 Weighted-average grant fair value 
 (1) Includes annual retainer awards issued to the Board of Directors 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options and stock appreciation rights granted by Otis and our former parent, UTC, during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of performance share units, which vest upon achieving certain performance metrics, and other restricted stock awards granted by Otis and UTC during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The total intrinsic value (which is the amount by which the stock price exceeded the exercise price on the date of exercise) of stock options and stock appreciation rights exercised during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The total fair value (which is the stock price at vesting) of performance share units and other restricted awards vested was million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 years years Performance Share Units/Restricted Stock years 
 
 Weighted-average grant price per share 

84 

Table o f Content s 

- 
 Weighted-average volatility Expected term (in years) Expected dividend yield Risk-free rate - 

We assessed the trading history of Otis' stock at the time of the valuation efforts and determined that the trading history was not sufficient to support the award valuation, given the length of the expected term. Therefore, the expected volatility for Otis was calculated based on the average of the volatility of the peer group within the industry. Similarly, UTC's historical data for Otis employees was used to estimate equity award exercise and employee termination behavior within the valuation model. The expected term represents an estimate of the period of time equity awards are expected to remain outstanding. The risk-free rate is based on the term structure of interest rates at the time of equity award grant. 
 
 The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation approach based on a three-year measurement period to determine fair value of performance share units. This approach includes the use of assumptions regarding the future performance of the Company s stock and those of a peer group. Those assumptions include expected volatility, risk-free interest rates, correlations and dividend yield. 

Note 14: 
 
 million shares of par value authorized Preferred Stock, of which were issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Common Stock. There are billion shares of par value Common Stock authorized. As of December 31, 2022, million shares of Common Stock were issued, which includes million shares of treasury stock. As of December 31, 2021, million shares of Common Stock were issued, which included million shares of treasury stock. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was authorized by the Board of Directors to purchase up to billion of Common Stock under a share repurchase program, of which had been utilized. During 2022 and 2021, the Company repurchased million and million shares, respectively, of Common Stock for approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company's share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares. Under this program, shares may be purchased on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, under accelerated share repurchase programs or under plans complying with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). 

85 

Table o f Content s 

 Note 15: ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net ) ) ) Amounts reclassified, pre-tax ) Tax expense (benefit) reclassified ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net ) ) Amounts reclassified, pre-tax Tax expense (benefit) reclassified ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net ) Amounts reclassified upon change in Otis' share of Zardoya Otis ownership (Note 1) ) ) Amounts reclassified, pre-tax ) Tax expense (benefit) reclassified ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 Amounts reclassified that relate to foreign currency translation are related to our Russia business sold during 2022. See Note 9, "Business Acquisitions, Dispositions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets" for additional information regarding the sale of our Russia business. 
 
 Amounts reclassified that relate to defined benefit pension and postretirement plans include amortization of prior service costs and actuarial net losses recognized during each period presented. These costs are recorded as components of net periodic pension cost for each period presented . See Note 13, "E mployee Benefit Plans" for additional information. 

Note 16: 

Foreign 
 
 Following enactment of the TCJA, and as part of the historical UTC assertion, the Company determined that it no longer intends to reinvest certain undistributed earnings of its international subsidiaries that have been previously taxed in the U.S. As such, in 2018 Otis recorded the international taxes associated with the future remittance of these earnings. As part of the Separation process, the Company re-assessed this position as a standalone company. The Company no longer intends to reinvest certain undistributed earnings of its international subsidiaries that have been previously taxed in the U.S. The international taxes recorded relative to this assertion differ from those recorded in 2018. As a result of the change in assertion and changes in planned debt repayments and in estimates related to Otis pre-Separation tax attributes, the Company recognized two benefits: million during the year ended December 31, 2020, and million during the year ended December 31, 2021. For the remainder of the Company's undistributed international earnings, unless tax effective to repatriate, Otis will continue to permanently reinvest these earnings. As of December 31, 2022, such undistributed earnings were approximately billion, 
 
 86 

Table o f Content s 

State Foreign Future: United States: Federal ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax expense Attributable to items (charged) credited to (deficit) equity ) ) ) 
 
 Reconciliation of Effective Income Tax Rate. 
 
 State income taxes Tax on international activities U.S. tax effect of foreign earnings Other ) Effective income tax rate 
 
 U.S. tax effect of foreign earnings includes Base Erosion Anti Abuse Tax BEAT ), Foreign-Derived Intangible Income FDII ), Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI ), and Subpart F Income. 
 
 The 2022, 2021 and 2020 effective tax rates are higher than the statutory U.S. rate primarily due to higher international tax rates as co mpared to the lower U.S. federal statutory rate. In addition, the 2020 effective tax rate is also higher due to foreign earnings subject to U.S. tax under the provisions of the TCJA. 
 
 The 2022 effective tax rate is lower than the 2021 effective tax rate primarily due to the elimination of BEAT in the U.S., and the release of a tax reserve related to a forward transfer pricing agreement with a European tax authority. This is partially offset by the absence of a reduction in the deferred tax liability related to repatriation of foreign earnings recorded in the year ended December 31, 2021, and the absence of a favorable income tax settlement related to the Separation recorded in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The 2021 effective tax rate is lower than the 2020 effective tax rate primarily due to a million tax benefit related to the repatriation of foreign earnings as a result of changes to planned debt repayments and in estimates related to Otis pre-Separation tax attributes and a decrease of million in U.S. tax related to base erosion and anti-abuse tax in 2021. In addition, the lower effective tax rate is due to the absence of the tax cost resulting from Separation-related expenses and fixed asset impairment in 2020, and the net impact of income tax settlements related to the Separation, as discussed in Note 5, "Related Parties". 
 
 87 

Table o f Content s 

Other asset basis differences Other liability basis differences Tax loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards Valuation allowances ) ) Future income taxes payable: Intangible assets Other assets basis differences 
 
 Valuation allowances have been established primarily for tax credit carryforwards, tax loss carryforwards, and certain foreign temporary differences to reduce the future income tax benefits to expected realizable amounts. 
 
 Tax Credit and Loss Carryforwards. 
 
 2028-2032 2033-2042 Indefinite 

88 

Table o f Content s 

 million, all of which, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. 
 
 Additions for tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Balance at December 31 Gross interest expense related to unrecognized tax benefits Total accrued interest balance at December 31 
 
 Otis conducts business globally and, as a result, Otis or one or more of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, Otis could be subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world, including such major jurisdictions as Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Netherlands, Portugal, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the U.S. With a few exceptions, Otis is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations for years b efo re 2010. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying our income tax positions. We assess our income tax positions and record tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management s evaluation of the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. The evaluation considers any additional worldwide uncertain tax positions, the closure of tax statutes or the re-valuation of current uncertain tax positions arising from the issuance of legislation, regulatory or other guidance or developments in examinations, in appeals, or in the courts. Based on the preceding factors, it is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months unrecognized benefits could change within the range of a million increase to a million decrease and associated interest could change within the range of a million increase to a million decrease. 
 
 See Note 22, "Contingent Liabilities" for discussion regarding uncertain tax positions, included in the above range, related to pending litigation with respect to certain deductions claimed in Germany. 

Note 17: 
 
 million, million and million, respectively, for new and ongoing restructuring actions. 
 
 Service Total 
 
 89 

Table o f Content s 

Selling, general and administrative Total 
 
 The restructuring expenses incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were primarily the result of restructuring programs initiated during 2022, 2021 and 2020. We are targetin g to complete i n 2023 the majority of the remaining restructuring actions initiated in 2022 and 2021. Expected total costs to incur for the restructuring actions initiated are million including million to New Equipment and million to Service operating segments, respectively. Remaining costs to incur for the restructuring actions initiated are expected to be million including million to New Equipment and million to Service operating segments, respectively. 
 
 Net restructuring costs Utilization, foreign exchange and other costs ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Note 18: 
 
 billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The average of the notional amount of contracts hedging commodity purchases was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

90 

Table o f Content s 

 Foreign exchange contracts Other assets Total asset derivatives Liability Derivatives: Foreign exchange contracts Accrued liabilities ) ) Commodity contracts Accrued liabilities ) Total liability derivatives ) ) Derivatives not designated as Cash flow hedging instruments: Asset Derivatives: Foreign exchange contracts Other current assets Foreign exchange contracts Other assets Total asset derivatives Liability Derivatives: Foreign exchange contracts Accrued liabilities ) ) Commodity contracts Accrued liabilities ) Foreign exchange contracts Other long-term liabilities ) ) Total liability derivatives ) ) 
 
 Derivatives designated as Cash flow hedging instruments 
 
 The amount of gain or (loss) attributable to foreign exchange and commodity contract activity reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The Company utilizes the critical terms match method in assessing firm commitment derivatives and regression testing in assessing commodity derivatives for hedge effectiveness. Accordingly, the hedged items and derivatives designated as hedging instruments are highly effective. 
 
 Assuming current market conditions continue, a pre-tax loss of million is expected to be reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into Cost of product sold to reflect the fixed prices obtained from foreign exchange and commodity hedging within the next 12 months. All derivative contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2022 will mature by October 2026. 

91 

Table o f Content s 

 million of Euro denominated commercial paper. The Euro denominated commercial paper while outstanding qualified as a net investment hedge against our investments in European businesses and was deemed to be effective as of December 31, 2020. During 2021, we fully repaid the Euro denominated commercial paper and there is no longer a net investment hedge as of December 31, 2021. During 2021 and 2020 , we recognized million of gains and million of losses, respectively, associated with this net investment hedge in Other comprehensive income (loss) . 
 
 In March 2021, we issued billion of Japanese Yen denominated long-term debt, which qualifies as a net investment hedge against our investments in Japanese businesses. As of December 31, 2022, the net investment hedge is deemed to be effective. During 2022 and 2021, we recognized million and million of gains, respectively, associated with this net investment hedge in Other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 Derivatives not designated as Cash flow hedging instruments 
 
 ) 
 
 The effect of derivatives not designated as Cash flow hedging instruments within Cost of products sold on the Consolidated Statements of Operations were losses of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and activity in 2020. 

Note 19: 
 
 Derivative assets Derivative liabilities ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 (dollars in millions) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Recurring fair value measurements: Marketable securities Derivative assets Derivative liabilities ) ) 
 
 92 

Table o f Content s 

Customer financing notes receivable, net Short-term borrowings ) ) ) ) Long-term debt, including current portion (excluding leases and other) ) ) ) ) Long-term liabilities, including current portion ) ) ) ) 
 
 Long-term liabilities, including current portion as of December 31, 2022 is primarily million of payables to RTX for reimbursement of tax payments that RTX is responsible to pay after the Separation as a result of the TMA. 

93 

Table o f Content s 

 Customer financing notes receivable, net Short-term borrowings ) ) Long-term debt, including current portion (excluding leases and other) ) ) Long-term liabilities, including current portion ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 (dollars in millions) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Long-term receivables, net Customer financing notes receivable, net Short-term borrowings ) ) Long-term debt, including current portion (excluding leases and other) ) ) Long-term liabilities, including current portion ) ) 

Note 20: 

Warranties Settlements made ) ) Foreign exchange and other ) Balance as of December 31 
 
 The Company provides certain financial guarantees to third parties. As of December 31, 2022, Otis has stand-by letters of credit with maximum potential payment totaling million. We accrue costs associated with guarantees when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The most likely cost to be incurred is accrued based on an evaluation of currently available facts, and where no amount within a range of estimates is more likely, the minimum is accrued. In accordance with the FASB ASC Topic 460: Guarantees , we record these liabilities at fair value. As of December 31, 2022, Otis has determined there are no estimated costs probable under these guarantees. 

Note 21: 

94 

Table o f Content s 

to years, some of which include options to extend leases. The majority of our leases with options to extend are up to with the ability to terminate the lease within . The exercise of lease renewal options is at our sole discretion and our lease ROU assets and liabilities reflect only the options we are reasonably certain that we will exercise. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 Operating lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively . ) ) Non-cash operating lease activity: ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 
 Accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 Weighted Average Discount Rate 

95 

Table o f Content s 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total discounted lease payments 

Note 22: 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and is principally included in Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 German Tax Litigation 
 
 As previously disclosed, we have been involved in administrative review proceedings with the German Tax Office, which concern approximately million (approximately million as of December 31, 2022) of tax benefits that we have claimed related to a 1998 reorganization of the corporate structure of our operations in Germany. Upon audit, these tax benefits were disallowed by the German Tax Office. We estimate interest associated with the aforementioned tax benefits is an additional approximately million (approximately million as of December 31, 2022). 
 
 In August 2012, a suit was filed in the local German Tax Court (Berlin-Brandenburg). In 2015, our former parent, UTC, now RTX, made tax and interest payments to German tax authorities of million (approximately million) in order to avoid additional interest accruals pending final resolution of this matter. In March 2016, the local German Tax Court dismissed the suit, and we appealed this decision to the German Federal Tax Court. Following a hearing in July 2018, the German Federal Tax Court remanded the matter to the local German Tax C ourt for further proce edings. In December 2020, the local German Tax Court ruled against the Company. 
 
 On January 26, 2021, the Company filed an appeal with the German Federal Tax Court. On February 8, 2022, the Company received the decision of the German Federal Tax Court, in which the Court remanded the case for reconsideration by the local German Tax Court. The local German Tax Court has not yet set a hearing date. Despite the remand, there is no assurance that the local German Tax Court will rule in the Company's favor, and the decision of the German Tax Office ultimately could be sustained. 

96 

Table o f Content s 

 millio n (approximately million as of December 31, 2022) , net of payments and other deductions, included within Accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. If the Company prevails in this matter, any recoveries would be allocated between RTX and the Company pursuant to the terms of the TMA. 
 
 Asbestos Matters 
 
 As previously disclosed, we have been named as defendants in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos. While we have never manufactured any asbestos-containing component parts, and no longer incorporate asbestos in any current products, certain of our historical products have contained components manufactured by third parties incorporating asbestos. A substantial majority of these asbestos-related claims have been dismissed without payment or were covered in full or in part by insurance or other forms of indemnity. Additional cases were litigated and settled without any insurance reimbursement. The amounts involved in asbestos relate d claims were not material individually or in the aggregate as of, and for the years ended, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 The estimated range of total liabilities to resolve all pending and unasserted potential future asbestos claims through 2059 is million to million as of December 31, 2022, and million to million as of December 31, 2021. Because no amount within the range of estimates is more likely to occur than any other, we have recorded the minimum amount of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is principally recorded in Other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts are on a pre-tax basis, not discounted, and excludes the Company's legal fees to defend the asbestos claims (which will continue to be expensed as they are incurred). In addition, the Company has an insurance recovery receivable for probable asbestos related recoveries of approximately million, which is principally recorded in Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Putative Class Action Lawsuit 
 
 On August 12, 2020, a putative class action lawsuit, (Geraud Darnis et al. v. Raytheon Technologies Corporation et al.), was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut (the "Court") against Otis, RTX, Carrier Global Corporation ("Carrier"), which was also separated from UTC in the Separation, each of their directors, and various incentive and deferred compensation plans. On September 13, 2021, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint against the three company defendants only. The named plaintiffs are former employees of UTC and its current and former subsidiaries, including Otis and Carrier. They seek to recover monetary damages, as well as related declaratory and equitable relief, based on claimed decreases in the value of long-term incentive awards and deferred compensation under nonqualified deferred compensation plans allegedly caused by the formula used to calculate the adjustments to such awards and deferred compensation from RTX, Carrier, and Otis following the spin-offs of Carrier and Otis and the subsequent combination of UTC and Raytheon Company. On September 30, 2022, in response to motions to dismiss filed by the defendants, the Court dismissed the class action in its entirety with prejudice. The plaintiffs appealed the decision on October 26, 2022. At this time, we do not believe this action will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, cash flows or results of operations. 
 
 Other. As previously disclosed, we have commitments and contingent liabilities related to legal proceedings, self-insurance programs and matters arising out of the normal course of business. We accrue contingencies based on a range of possible outcomes. If no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other, we accrue the minimum amount. While it is not possible to determine the ultimate disposition of each of these claims and whether they will be resolved consistent with our beliefs, we expect that the outcome of such claims, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 
 As previously disclosed, in certain European countries, claims for overcharges on elevators and escalators related to civil cartel cases have been made, which we have accrued for based on our evaluation of the claims. While it is not possible to determine the ultimate disposition of each of these claims and whether they will be resolved consistent with our beliefs, historical settlement experience of these cases have not been material to the business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations, however the future outcome of these cases cannot be determined. 
 
 97 

Table o f Content s 

Note 23: 
 
 operating segments: New Equipment and Service. Through the New Equipment segment, we design, manufacture, sell and install a wide range of passenger and freight elevators as well as escalators and moving walkways to customers in the residential, commercial and infrastructure projects. The Service segment provides maintenance and repair services for both our products and those of other manufacturers, and provides modernization services to upgrade elevators and escalators. The operating segments are generally based on the management structure of the Company, how management allocates resources, assesses performance and makes strategic and operational decisions. 
 
 Segment Information. 
 
 Service Total segments General corporate expenses and other (1) 
 ) ) ) Total 
 
 (1) The decrease in General corporate expenses and other during 2021 compared to 2020 is primarily driven by fixed asset impairment charges of million and associated license costs of million in 2020, as well as lower non-recurring Separation-related and shared costs of million in 2021 compared with 2020. 
 
 Total assets are not presented for each segment as they are not presented to, or reviewed by, the Chief Operating Decision Maker. 
 
 Geographic External Sales. 
 
 International Operations China Other Total 
 
 98 

Table o f Content s 

Maintenance and Repair Modernization Total Service Total 
 
 Major Customers. There were no customers that individually accounted for 10 or more of the Company's consolidated Net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 

99 

Table o f Content s 

 OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 Three years ended December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Impact of credit standard adoption Provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance for expected credit losses ) Other Balance, December 31, 2020 Provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance for expected credit losses ) Other ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance for expected credit losses ) Other ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Future Income Tax Benefits - Valuation Allowance Balance, December 31, 2019 Additions charged to income tax expense Reductions credited to income tax expense ) Other adjustments Balance, December 31, 2020 Additions charged to income tax expense Reductions credited to income tax expense ) Other adjustments ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Additions charged to income tax expense Reductions credited to income tax expense ) Other adjustments ) Balance, December 31, 2022 

100 

Table o f Content s 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") and the Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer ("CAO"), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. T here are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon our evaluation, our CEO, our CFO and our CAO have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO, our CFO and our CAO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The information required by Item 9A relating to Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm is found in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by Item 10 with respect to directors, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and audit committee financial experts is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders titled "Corporate governance" (under the subheadings "Proposal 1: Election of directors", "Our Board leadership structure", "Board committees" and "Our board nominees"). 

101 

Table o f Content s 

 Information about our Executive Officers 
 
 The following persons are executive officers of Otis Worldwide Corporation: 
 
 Name Position Other Business Experience Since 1/1/2018 Age as of 2/3/2023 
 Bernardo Calleja Fernandez President, Otis EMEA (since November 2020) President of Otis South Europe Africa, Otis; President, Otis South Europe Turkey, Otis 
 60 James F. Cramer President, Otis Americas (since June 2020) Regional Vice President, U.S. Western Region, Otis 58 Anurag Maheshwari Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (since August 2022) Vice President, Finance, IT and Chief Transformation Officer, Otis Asia Pacific; Vice President, Investor Relations, L3 Harris Technologies and Harris Corporation 
 49 Nora E. LaFreniere Executive Vice President and General Counsel (since July 2021) Executive Vice President, Chief General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Vice President, General Counsel, Otis 
 51 Abbe Luersman Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer (since July 2021) Chief Human Resource Officer, Ahold Delhaize 55 Judith F. Marks Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer (since February 2022) President and Chief Executive Officer; President, Otis; Chief Executive Officer, Siemens USA and Dresser-Rand (a Siemens company); Executive Vice President, New Equipment Solutions, Dresser-Rand 
 59 Stephane de Montlivault President, Otis Asia Pacific (since April 2020) President, Otis Asia Pacific; President, Otis Northeast Asia, Otis 
 President, Northeast Asia and President of Nippon Otis Elevator Company 
 63 Michael P. Ryan Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (since April 2020) Vice President and Assistant Controller, UTC; and Executive Director, Corporate Accounting and Controls, UTC 
 53 Peiming Zheng (Perry) President, Otis China and Chief Customer Product Officer (since December 2021) President, Otis China; President, Business Industrial Systems China, Otis 
 55 
 
 All of the officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors of Otis Worldwide Corporation. 
 
 Information concerning Section 16(a) compliance is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders titled "Other important information" under the subheading "Delinquent section 16(a) reports." We have adopted a code of ethics, the Otis Absolutes, that applies to all our directors, officers, employees and representatives . This code is publicly available on our website at https://www.otisinvestors.com/governance/governance-documents. Amendments to the code of ethics and any grant of a waiver from a provision of the code requiring disclosure under applicable SEC rules will be disclosed on our website. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters of our Board of Directors Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominations and Governance Committee are available on our we bsite at https://www.otisinvestors.com/governance/governance-documents. These materials may also be requested in print free of charge by writing to our Investor Relations Department at Otis Worldwide Corporation, One Carrier Place, Investor Relations, Farmington, CT 06032. 

102 

Table o f Content s 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the sections of our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders titled "Executive compensation", "Compensation of directors" and "Report of the compensation committee". 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders titled "Other important information" under the subheading "Stock ownership" Beneficial stock ownership of directors and executive officers" and "Certain beneficial owners ). 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 concerning Common Stock issuable under Otis equity compensation plans. 
 
 Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 3,983,814 (1) 
 65.05 24,111,597 (2) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) Consists of the following issuable shares of Common Stock awarded under the Otis Worldwide Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP"): (i) shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding non-qualified stock options; (ii) shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock appreciation rights ("SARs"); (iii) shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to outstanding restricted stock unit and performance share unit awards, assuming performance at the target level (up to an additional 583,286 shares of Common Stock could be issued if performance goals are achieved above target); and (iv) shares of Common Stock issuable upon the settlement of outstanding deferred stock units and restricted stock units under the Otis Worldwide Corporation Board of Directors Stock Unit Plan. Under the LTIP, each SAR is exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock having a value equal to the increase in the market price of a share of such stock from the date the SAR was granted. For purposes of determining the total number of shares to be issued in respect of outstanding SARs, we have used the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") closing price for a share of Common Stock on December 30, 2022 of 78.31. The weighted-average exercise price shown in the column above takes into account only the shares identified in clauses (i) and (ii). 
 
 (2) Represents the maximum number of shares of Common Stock available to be awarded under the LTIP as of December 31, 2022. Performance share units, deferred stock units and restricted stock units ("Full Share Awards") will result in a reduction in the number of shares of Common Stock available for delivery under the LTIP in an amount equal to twice the number of shares to which the award corresponds under the terms of the LTIP. Stock options and SARs do not constitute Full Share Awards and will result in a reduction in the number of shares of Common Stock available for delivery under the 2020 LTIP on a one-for-one basis. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the sections of our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders titled "Corporate governance" under the subheading "Our board nominees" (including under the subheading "Director independence") and "Other important information" (under the subheading "Transactions with related persons"). 

103 

Table o f Content s 

 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the section of our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders titled "Proposal 3: Appoint an independent auditor for 2023", including the information provided in that section with regard to "Audit Fees", "Audit-Related Fees", "Tax Fees" and "All Other Fees". 
 
 104 

Table o f Content s 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 
 (1) Financial Statements. The financial statements are set forth in Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Form 10-K. 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules. The following financial statement schedule is set forth in Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Form 10-K. All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 (3) Exhibits. The following list of exhibits includes exhibits submitted with this Form 10-K as filed with the SEC and those incorporated by reference to other filings. 
 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2020, by and among United Technologies Corporation, Otis Worldwide Corporation and Carrier Global Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020. 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Otis Worldwide Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(b) of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Otis Worldwide Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020. 
 4.1 Indenture, dated February 27, 2020, between Otis Worldwide Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Otis Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on March 11, 2020. 
 4.2 Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated February 27, 2020, between Otis Worldwide Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Otis Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on March 11, 2020. 
 4.3 Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of March 11, 2021, between Otis Worldwide Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021. 
 4.4 Indenture, dated as of November 12, 2021, among Otis Worldwide Corporation, Highland Holdings S. r.l. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Otis' Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021. 
 4.5 Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of November 12, 2021, among Otis Worldwide Corporation, Highland Holdings S. r.l and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Otis Current Report on 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021). 
 4.6 Description of Securities, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of Otis' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022. 
 10.1 Transition Services Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2020, by and among United Technologies Corporation, Otis Worldwide Corporation and Carrier Global Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020. 

105 

Table o f Content s 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.2 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2020, by and among United Technologies Corporation, Otis Worldwide Corporation and Carrier Global Corporation incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020. 
 10.3 Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2020, by and among United Technologies Corporation, Otis Worldwide Corporation and Carrier Global Corporation incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020. 
 10.4 Intellectual Property Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2020, by and among United Technologies Corporation, Otis Worldwide Corporation and Carrier Global Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020. 
 10.5 Otis Worldwide Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020. 
 10.6 Otis Worldwide Corporation Change in Control Severance Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020. 
 10.7 Otis Worldwide Corporation Executive Annual Bonus Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020; 
 Amendment No. 1 to Otis Worldwide Corporation Executive Annual Bonus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021. 
 10.8 Otis Worldwide Corporation Pension Preservation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020. 
 10.9 Otis Worldwide Corporation Retirement Plan for Third Country National Employees, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020. 
 10.10 Otis Worldwide Corporation Board of Directors Deferred Stock Unit Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020; 
 Otis Worldwide Corporation Board of Directors Deferred Stock Unit Plan (Amended and Restated effective as of February 4, 2021), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021. 
 10.11 French Sub-Plan for Restricted Stock Units Granted Under the Otis Worldwide Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020. 
 10.12 Schedule of Terms for Restricted Stock Unit Awards granted under the Otis Worldwide Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020. 
 10.13 Schedule of Terms for Restricted Stock Unit Awards (Off-Cycle) granted under the Otis Worldwide Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020. 
 10.14 Schedule of Terms for Stock Appreciation Right Awards granted under the Otis Worldwide Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020. 
 10.15 Schedule of Terms for Stock Appreciation Right Awards (Off-Cycle) granted under the Otis Worldwide Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020. 
 10.16 Schedule of Terms for Performance Share Unit Awards granted under the Otis Worldwide Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020. 

106 

Table o f Content s 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.17 Otis Worldwide Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020; 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Otis Worldwide Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Otis' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022. 
 10.18 Otis Worldwide Corporation Amended and Restated Savings Restoration Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Otis Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on March 11, 2020; 
 Amendment No. 1 to Otis Worldwide Corporation Amended and Restated Savings Restoration Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 28, 2021; 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Otis Worldwide Corporation Amended and Restated Savings Restoration Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Otis' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022. 
 10.19 Otis Worldwide Corporation Company Automatic Contribution Excess Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020; 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Otis Worldwide Corporation Company Automatic Contribution Excess Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Otis' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022. 
 10.20 Otis Worldwide Corporation LTIP Performance Share Unit Deferral Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020; 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Otis Worldwide Corporation LTIP Performance Share Unit Deferral Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Otis' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022. 
 10.21 Legacy United Technologies Corporation Executive Leadership Group Agreements, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020. 
 10.22 Legacy Schedule of Terms for United Technologies Corporation Executive Leadership Group Restricted Stock Unit Retention Awards, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020. 
 10.23 Offer Letter with Rahul Ghai, dated June 27, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020. 
 10.24 Letter of Assignment with Stephane de Montlivault, dated December 18, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020; 
 Letter of Assignment Extension with Stephane de Montlivault dated October 1, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Otis' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022. 
 10.25 Letter of Appointment/Employment with Stephane de Montlivault, dated December 18, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020. 
 10.26 Letter Agreement with Judith F. Marks regarding LTIP award amendment, dated February 3, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Otis Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020. 
 10.27 Summary of Compensation and Benefits for Non-Employee Directors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Otis' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022. 

107 

Table o f Content s 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.28 Otis Worldwide Corporation Executive Leadership Group Severance Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on September 18, 2020. 
 10.29 Letter of Assignment for Peiming (Perry) Zheng, effective January 1, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of Otis' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 5, 2021. 
 Extension of Letter of Assignment for Peiming (Perry) Zheng, effective January 1, 2023. 
 10.30 Employment Contract (Foreign National or Hong Kong, Macao or Taiwan Resident) for Peiming (Perry) Zheng, effective January 1, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of Otis' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 5, 2021. 
 Employment Contract (Foreign National or Hong Kong, Macao or Taiwan Resident) for Peiming (Perry) Zheng, effective January 1, 2023. 
 10.31 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated February 10, 2020, among Otis Worldwide Corporation, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders and other parties party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Otis Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on March 11, 2020; 
 First Amendment dated as of September 4, 2020, to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated February 10, 2020, among Otis Worldwide Corporation, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders and other parties party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on October 28, 2020; 
 Suspension of Rights Agreement to the Revolving Credit Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on October 26, 2021; 
 Second Amendment dated as of April 20, 2022, to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated February 10, 2020 (as amended), among Otis Worldwide Corporation, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders and other parties party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. , incorporated by referen ce to Ex hibit 10.1 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed wi th the SEC on April 27, 2022. 
 10.32 Service Agreement between Zardoya Otis S.A and Bernardo Calleja Fern ndez, dated January 26, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 28, 2021; 
 Amendment Agreement to the Service Agreement between Zardoya Otis S.A and Bernardo Calleja Fern ndez, dated February 23, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 28, 2021; 
 Letter of Amendment to Service Agreement between Zardoya Otis S.A and Bernardo Calleja Fern ndez, dated May 19, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021; 
 Termination Letter of the Services Agreement Between Zardoya Otis, S.A. and the Chairman dated May 27, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2022. 
 10.33 Employment Contract between Otis International S rl and Bernardo Calleja Fern ndez, effective November 15, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Otis' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022. 
 10.34 Schedule of Terms for Restricted Stock Unit Awards (February 5, 2021) granted under the Otis Worldwide Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 28, 2021. 

108 

Table o f Content s 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.35 Schedule of Terms for Stock Appreciation Right Awards (February 5, 2021) granted under the Otis Worldwide Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 28, 2021. 
 10.36 Schedule of Terms for Performance Share Unit Awards (February 5, 2021) granted under the Otis Worldwide Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 28, 2021. 
 10.37 Form of Executive Award Statement under the Otis Worldwide Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on April 28, 2021. 
 10.38 Offer Letter between Otis Worldwide Corporation and Abbe L. Luersman, dated March 27, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Otis' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 (Commission file number 001-39221) filed with the SEC on October 26, 2021. 
 10.39 Offer Letter, dated as of June 23, 2022, by and between Anurag Maheshwari and Otis Worldwide Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Otis Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-39221) filed with the Commission on June 27, 2022. 
 14 The Otis Absolutes. The Otis Absolutes may be accessed via Otis website at https://www.otisinvestors.com/governance/governance-documents. 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 22 Subsidiary guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities and affiliates whose securities collateralize securities of the Registrant. 
 23 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 24 Powers of Attorney of Jeffrey H. Black, Nelda J. Connors, Kathy Hopinkah Hannan, Shailesh G. Jejurikar, Christopher J. Kearney, Judith F. Marks, Harold W. McGraw III, Margaret M.V. Preston, Shelley Stewart, Jr. and John H. Walker. 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification. 
 31.3 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification. 
 32 Section 1350 Certifications. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 Notes to Exhibits List: 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith. 

109 

Table o f Content s 

 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three years ended December 31, 2022, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three years ended December 31, 2022, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2022, (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three years ended December 31, 2022, (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vii) Financial Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 110 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION (Registrant) Dated: February 3, 2023 by: /s/ ANURAG MAHESHWARI Anurag Maheshwari Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (on behalf of the Registrant and as the Registrant's Principal Financial Officer) Dated: February 3, 2023 by: /s/ MICHAEL P. RYAN Michael P. Ryan Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (on behalf of the Registrant and as the Registrant's Principal Accounting Officer) 

111 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ JUDITH F. MARKS Director, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer February 3, 2023 Judith F. Marks /s/ ANURAG MAHESHWARI Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 3, 2023 Anurag Maheshwari /s/ MICHAEL P. RYAN Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer February 3, 2023 Michael P. Ryan /s/ JEFFREY H. BLACK Director Jeffrey H. Black /s/ NELDA J. CONNORS Director Nelda J. Connors /s/ KATHY HOPINKAH HANNAN Director Kathy Hopinkah Hannan /s/ SHAILESH G. JEJURIKAR Director Shailesh G. Jejurikar /s/ CHRISTOPHER J. KEARNEY Director Christopher J. Kearney /s/ HAROLD W. MCGRAW III Director Harold W. McGraw III /s/ MARGARET M.V. PRESTON Director Margaret M.V. Preston /s/ SHELLEY STEWART, JR. Director Shelley Stewart, Jr. /s/ JOHN H. WALKER Director John H. Walker By: /s/ NORA E. LAFRENIERE 
 Executive Vice President and General Counsel, as Attorney-in-fact Date: February 3, 2023 

112 

<EX-10.29>
 2
 exhibit10292022-12x3110xk.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 
 Exhibit 10.29 

Internal 
 Correspondence 
 
 December 6, 2022 
 
 PERSONAL & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
 Dear Perry 
 
 We are pleased to confirm the extension of your International Assignment for an additional year, under the same terms & conditions that are outlined in your Letter of Assignment dated January 1, 2021. 
 Home Country United States 
 Home Company Otis Elevator International, Inc. 
 Host Country China 
 Host Company Otis Elevator Management (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. 
 Anticipated End Date December 31, 2023 
 
 Thank you for your ongoing support of our global initiatives. Please indicate your agreement by signing below and returning this Extension Agreement as soon as possible. 
 Sincerely, s ABBE LUERSMAN 12 19 2022 Abbe Luersman Date EVP & Chief People Officer 
 s PERRY ZHENG 12 19 2022 Perry Zheng, President, Otis China Date 

LETTER OF ASSIGNMENT EXTENSION 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 3
 exhibit10302022-12x3110xk.htm
 EX-10.30

Document 
 Exhibit 10.30 

EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT 
 FOREIGN NATIONAL OR HONG KONG, MACAO OR TAIWAN RESIDENT 

This Contract Contract is entered into by and between 
 
 Otis Elevator Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (the Company ), a company with its registered address at Room 402, Building 5, No. 3000, Longdong Avenue, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone, the current legal representative being Peiming Zheng and 
 3000 5 402 
 Peiming Zheng, a national of China, Passport Number E71697371, having the residential address at Room 7201, Fraser Suites Top Glory Shanghai, No. 7, Lane 600, Central Yincheng Road, Pudong New District, Shanghai, China (the Employee ). 
 E71697371 600 7 7201 
 The Company and the Employee are referred to collectively as the Parties and each individually as a Party . The Company hereby employs the Employee to render full-time services to the Company in accordance with the Regulations for the Administration of Employment of Foreigners in China and applicable Shanghai regulations. 
 Upon a negotiated consensus, both Parties agree as follows 1. Contract Term 
 1. 
 1.1 The term of this Contract, the Anticipated Commencement Date, and the Anticipated Ending Date are set forth in Annex A. To avoid ambiguity, the Parties hereby confirm that, this Contract will be recognized as a fixed-term employment contract concluded between the Parties. 
 1.1 A 
 2. Position, Duties, and Location of Work 
 2. 
 2.1 The position of the Employee is set forth in Annex A. The Employee agrees that the Company may reasonably transfer the Employee to a different job position on a temporary or permanent basis pursuant to the business or operational requirements of the Company, and the Employee s professional, technical or physical abilities and work performance. The job duties and reporting supervisor shall be provided separately by the Company to the Employee. 
 2.1 A 
 
 1 

2.2 The Employee shall work at the Company s location as set forth in Annex A. The Company may arrange for the Employee business travels to regions outside his her place of work from time to time or assign the Employee to other regions. The Company may also temporarily second the Employee to other locations, in accordance with business needs. 
 2.2 A 
 3. Representations, Warranties and Undertakings 
 3. 
 3.1 The Employee hereby represents, warrants, and undertakes the following 
 3.1 
 a. as of the Anticipated Commencement Date and through the term of this Contract, the Employee is not employed by any other entity in China, that the Employee s employment by the Company under the Contract does not violate any contractual or statutory obligations of the Employee, and that the Employee has full capacity to enter into the Contract 
 a. 
 a. the Employee shall devote all of his her professional time and effort to the Company s business on a full time basis, and refrain from any professional practice other than on account of or for the benefit of the Company regardless of with compensation or not, unless the prior written consent has been obtained from the Company and 
 b. 
 c. through the term of this Contract, the Employee shall maintain valid work authorization to be employed by the Company and valid residence authorization. 
 c. 
 4. Work Conditions, Working Hours, and Leaves 
 4. 
 4.1 The Company will provide the Employee with work conditions, labor protection, and protection against occupational hazards that conform to PRC laws and national and local regulations, and shall ensure that the Employee s working environment is healthy and safe. 
 4.1 
 4.2 Working hours shall be prescribed by the Company in accordance with the relevant law. 
 4.2 
 
 2 

4.3 The Employee shall be entitled to take annual leaves in accordance with the provision of Overseas Employment Document signed with the Overseas Employer. The Employee acknowledges that such annual leave entitlement has included any and all statutory annual leaves that the Employee may be entitled to under the Chinese law. 
 4.3 
 5. Remuneration and Social Insurance 
 5. 
 5.1 The Employee s monthly base salary is set forth in Annex A. 
 5.1 A 
 5.2 The Employee shall pay individual income tax as required by law. The Company will withhold individual income tax and any other required contributions from the remuneration as required by applicable law and remit to the relevant authorities on the Employee s behalf. 
 5.2 
 5.3 The Company may utilize a third party agency to handle payroll matters. 
 5.3 
 5.4 The Company may decide to pay to the Employee other variable, additional, and non-recurrent bonuses or other payments in accordance with the Company s compensation policy. 
 5.4 
 5.5 To the extent permissible under the applicable laws, and upon the Employee s request, the Employee acknowledges and agrees that he she will not be enrolled in any PRC social insurance and housing fund scheme. In case during the Employee s employment with the Company he she become mandatorily required to participate in PRC social insurance and housing fund schemes according to local rules and practice, the Company will contribute social insurances and housing fund for the Employee and assume the amount which shall be contributed by the Employee. 
 5.5 
 
 3 

5.6 The Employee acknowledges that he she may enter into a concurrent employment with another associated company of the Company outside of the jurisdiction of the PRC Overseas Employer and sign the employment contract or agreement or document with the same effect Overseas Employment Document with the Overseas Employer. If the items of relevant remuneration, allowances and benefits under this section and Annex A have been expressly provided in the Overseas Employment Document, to the extent permitted by law, the relevant provisions of the Overseas Employment Document shall govern at the same time the relevant provisions under this Contract will be only deemed to restate all or part of the provisions of the Overseas Employment Document, in case of any dispute on such remuneration, allowances and benefits, the Employee can only claim against the Overseas Employer according to the Overseas Employment Document. 
 5.6 A 
 6. Personal Conduct, Behavior and Discipline 
 6. 
 6.1 The Employee shall observe the rules and policies of the Company as issued from time-to-time by the Company, including but not limited to the UTC Code of Ethics. The Company may reward and discipline the Employee in accordance with such rules and policies. 
 6.1 UTC 
 7. Termination of the Contract 
 7. 
 7.1 The Employee agrees that in the event his her concurrent employment with the Overseas Employer is terminated outside of the jurisdiction of the PRC, the Company is entitled to immediately terminate by written notice this Contract and the Employee s employment with the Company, meanwhile the Employee will not be eligible to any severance pay under Chinese law. 
 7.1 
 In the event that the Company is ordered to pay severance for the termination ending of employment or damages for wrongful termination to the Employee according to the binding arbitration award and court judgment within the jurisdiction of the PRC, the Company is entitled to deduct the amount of any severance payment already paid by the Overseas Employer outside of the jurisdiction of the PRC from the amount payable to the Employee. 
 
 7.2 The Employee agrees that if he she fails to obtain the requisite work permit or residence permit from the relevant China government authorities for his her employment with the Company for any reason, the Company can terminate this Contract or the Overseas Employer can change his her work location. 
 7.2 
 
 4 

7.3 On the termination of this Contract, howsoever arising, the Employee shall forthwith deliver to the Company all assets belong to the Company which may then be in the Employee s possession or under the power or control of the Employee. 
 7.3 
 7.4 On the termination of this Contract, howsoever arising, the Employee shall provide the work permit to the Company, and assistant the Company to cancel the work permit and residence permit. 
 7.4 
 8. Liability for Breach and Compensation 
 8. 
 8.1 If either Party breaches the Contract, thereby causing the other Party to suffer damage, the breaching Party will be liable to pay compensation according to the extent of such damage, with the exception that the Parties agree that in the event the Company is determined to have unlawfully terminated the Contract, the maximum possible damages will be limited to the compensation mandated by Chinese labor law. 
 8.1 
 8.2 Within the limits of the law, the Company has the right to deduct from the Employee s remuneration any amount of damages or loss suffered by the Company as a result of the Employee s action. 
 8.2 
 9. Confidentiality, Intellectual Property and Protection of Information 
 9. 
 9.1 The Employee agrees to be bound by the Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Agreement, a copy of which is attached or will be supplied to the Employee separately. 
 9.1 
 9.2 The Employee acknowledges and agrees, during the Employee s employment with the Company and thereafter, to the collection and share among the Company s affiliates of the Employee s personal information for business purposes within and outside of the PRC. Personal data will be collected only for lawful and relevant purposes and the Company will take practicable steps to ensure security of the personal data and to avoid unauthorized or accidental access, or other use. 
 9.2 
 
 5 

9.3 The Company's telephone, voice mail, computer, and e-mail systems and the data stored on them are and remain at all times the property of Company. All information, including e-mail messages and files, that is created, sent, or retrieved over the Company's technical resources is the property of Company, and should not be considered private or confidential. Any electronically stored information that the Employee creates, sends to, or receives from others may be retrieved and reviewed when doing so serves the legitimate business interests and obligations of the Company. 
 9.3 
 9.4 The provisions of this Article 9 will survive after the expiration or termination of the Contract to the extent permitted by law. 
 9.4 9 
 10. Miscellaneous 
 10. 
 10.1 This Contract is executed in the English language and Chinese language in two originals. In the case of any discrepancy between the two versions, the Chinese version shall prevail. Each Party will hold one executed original. 
 10.1 
 10.2 Except as otherwise provided herein, any amendment to the terms of this Contract will require an agreement in writing between the Parties. 
 10.2 
 10.3 In the event that any term hereof conflicts with the rules and policies of the Company, this Contract will prevail. Any matters that have not been addressed in the Contract will be handled in accordance with the rules and policies of the Company. 
 10.3 
 10.4 This Contract shall be governed and construed by the laws of the People s Republic of China. If any dispute arises from or in connection with this Contract, the Parties shall first resolve such dispute through consultation. If the Parties fail to resolve such dispute through consultation within thirty days, both Parties have the right to apply for labor dispute arbitration in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Either Party who is not satisfied with the award of the arbitration may file a lawsuit before the people s court for resolution. 
 10.4 
 10.5 If any of the provisions of this Contract is held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provisions of this Contract. 
 10.5 
 
 6 

10.6 This Contract shall become effective and binding on the latest date signed below. 
 10.6 
 10.7 By signing this Contract, the Employee hereby acknowledges that the Company has truthfully informed the Employee as to the content of the work, the working conditions, place of work, occupational hazards, safety conditions, and compensation. 
 10.7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties have executed this Contract on the date signed below 
 Otis Elevator Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. ____________________________ (Seal) 
 _______________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 
 Peiming Zheng 
 s PEIMING ZHENG s ____________________________ 
 ____________________________ Date December 20, 2022 

7 

ANNEX A A 
 Employee Name Peiming Zheng 
 
 Term of Contract 1 year 
 1 
 Anticipated Commencement Date Jan 1, 2023 
 2023 1 1 
 Anticipated Ending Date Dec 31, 2023 
 2023 12 31 
 Position of the Employee President, Otis China & Chief Customer Product Officer 
 
 Work location Shanghai 
 
 Monthly base salary USD53,750 
 53,750 
 Bonuses USD516,000 year (target) 
 516,000 
 Allowance and Benefits Agreed benefits 

8 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-21>
 4
 exhibit212022-12x3110xk.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 Subsidiary and Affiliate Listing 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Entity Name Place of Incorporation 9G Elevator Pte. Ltd. Singapore Alder France Holding SAS France Alder Holdings SAS France Alder Paris Holdings SAS France Allyn Holdings, Inc New Jersey CEAM Costruzioni Elettromeccaniche Ascensori e Montacarichi Srl Italy Chestnut Holdings France Cypress Holdings SRL Italy Highland Holdings S.a.r.l. Luxembourg Juniper Holdings S.a.r.l Luxembourg Madison Holdings, B.V. Netherlands Nippon Otis Elevator Company Japan Opal Spanish Holdings, S.A. Spain Otis a.s. Czech Republic Otis Canada, Inc. Canada Otis Electric Elevator Company Limited China Otis Elevator Company New Jersey Otis Elevator Company (H.K.) Limited Hong Kong Otis Elevator Company (India) Limited India Otis Elevator (China) Investment Company Limited China Otis Elevator Holdings Limited United Kingdom Otis Elevator Korea Korea, Republic of Otis Far East Holdings Limited Hong Kong Otis Gesellschaft m.b.H. Austria Otis Holdings GmbH & Co. OHG Germany Otis International Holdings GmbH Germany Otis International Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd Singapore Otis Investment Limited England Otis Limited United Kingdom Otis Pacific Holdings, B.V. Netherlands Otis S.A. Switzerland Otis S.C.S. France Otis Serviz, S.r.l. Italy Redwood Holding GmbH Germany Ridgefield Holdings Corporation Canada 

WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 Subsidiary and Affiliate Listing 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Entity Name Place of Incorporation Sigma Elevator (HK) Limited Hong Kong Sirius (Korea) Limited United Kingdom Trenton Luxembourg S.a.r.l. Luxembourg Trumbull Holdings SCS France Otis Mobility, S.A. Spain 

Other subsidiaries of the Registrant have been omitted from this listing sinc e, considered in the aggregate a s a single subsidiary, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary, as defined by Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-K. 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 5
 exhibit222022-12x3110xk.htm
 EX-22

Document 
 
 Exhibit 22 

List of Guarantor Subsidiaries 

Highland Holdings S. r.l. Highland is a wholly-owned, indirect consolidated subsidiary of Otis Worldwide Corporation OWC and, as of December 31, 2022, the issuer of certain registered debt securities which are guaranteed by OWC. As of December 31, 2022, the registered debt securities were as follows 

Registered Debt Securities Guaranteed by OWC and Highland 
 (Title Trading Symbol CUSIP) 
 
 0.000 Notes due 2023 OTIS.23 L47988 AA5 
 0.318 Notes due 2026 OTIS.26 L47988 AB3 
 0.934 Notes due 2031 OTIS.31 L47988 AC1 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 6
 exhibit232022-12x3110xk.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-237550 and 333-240269) and Form S-8 (No. 333-237551) of Otis Worldwide Corporation of our report dated February 3, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 February 3, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 7
 exhibit242022-12x3110xk.htm
 EX-24

Document 
 Exhibit 24 

 OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or as an officer of OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), or as a member of a committee of said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and appoints ANURAG MAHESHWARI, NORA E. LAFRENIERE, and MICHAEL P. RYAN, or any one of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in any other capacity, to such Form 10-K Annual Report filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney this 30th day of November, 2022. 
 
 s J EFFREY H. B LACK 
 
 Jeffrey H. Black 

OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or as an officer of OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), or as a member of a committee of said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and appoints ANURAG MAHESHWARI, NORA E. LAFRENIERE, and MICHAEL P. RYAN, or any one of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in any other capacity, to such Form 10-K Annual Report filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney this 30th day of November, 2022. 
 
 s NELDA J. CONNORS Nelda J. Connors 

OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or as an officer of OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), or as a member of a committee of said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and appoints ANURAG MAHESHWARI, NORA E. LAFRENIERE, and MICHAEL P. RYAN, or any one of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in any other capacity, to such Form 10-K Annual Report filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney this 30th day of November, 2022. 
 
 s K ATHY H OPINKAH HANNAN 
 
 Kathy Hopinkah Hannan 

OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or as an officer of OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), or as a member of a committee of said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and appoints ANURAG MAHESHWARI, NORA E. LAFRENIERE, and MICHAEL P. RYAN, or any one of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in any other capacity, to such Form 10-K Annual Report filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney this 30th day of November, 2022. 
 
 s S HAILESH G. J EJURIKAR 
 
 Shailesh G. Jejurikar 

OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or as an officer of OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), or as a member of a committee of said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and appoints ANURAG MAHESHWARI, NORA E. LAFRENIERE, and MICHAEL P. RYAN, or any one of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in any other capacity, to such Form 10-K Annual Report filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney this 30th day of November, 2022. 
 
 s C HRISTOPHER J. K EARNEY 
 
 Christopher J. Kearney 

OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or as an officer of OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), or as a member of a committee of said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and appoints ANURAG MAHESHWARI, NORA E. LAFRENIERE, and MICHAEL P. RYAN, or any one of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in any other capacity, to such Form 10-K Annual Report filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney this 30th day of November, 2022. 
 
 s J UDITH F. M ARKS 
 
 Judith F. Marks 

OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or as an officer of OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), or as a member of a committee of said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and appoints ANURAG MAHESHWARI, NORA E. LAFRENIERE, and MICHAEL P. RYAN, or any one of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in any other capacity, to such Form 10-K Annual Report filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney this 30th day of November, 2022. 
 
 s H AROLD W. M CGRAW III 
 
 Harold W. McGraw III 

OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or as an officer of OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), or as a member of a committee of said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and appoints ANURAG MAHESHWARI, NORA E. LAFRENIERE, and MICHAEL P. RYAN, or any one of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in any other capacity, to such Form 10-K Annual Report filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney this 30th day of November, 2022. 
 
 s M ARGARET M.V. P RESTON 
 
 Margaret M.V. Preston 

OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or as an officer of OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), or as a member of a committee of said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and appoints ANURAG MAHESHWARI, NORA E. LAFRENIERE, and MICHAEL P. RYAN, or any one of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in any other capacity, to such Form 10-K Annual Report filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney this 30th day of November, 2022. 
 
 s S HELLEY S TEWART , J R . 
 
 Shelley Stewart, Jr. 

OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or as an officer of OTIS WORLDWIDE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), or as a member of a committee of said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and appoints ANURAG MAHESHWARI, NORA E. LAFRENIERE, and MICHAEL P. RYAN, or any one of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in any other capacity, to such Form 10-K Annual Report filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power of Attorney this 30th day of November, 2022. 
 
 s J OHN H. W ALKER 
 
 John H. Walker 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 exhibit3112022-12x3110xk.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Judith F. Marks, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Otis Worldwide Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 3, 2023 s J UDITH F. M ARKS 
 Judith F. Marks Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 exhibit3122022-12x3110xk.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Anurag Maheshwari, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Otis Worldwide Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 3, 2023 s A NURAG M AHESHWARI 
 Anurag Maheshwari Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 10
 exhibit3132022-12x3110xk.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Michael P. Ryan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Otis Worldwide Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 3, 2023 s M ICHAEL P. R YAN 
 Michael P. Ryan 
 Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32>
 11
 exhibit322022-12x3110xk.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Otis Worldwide Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby certify that 
 
 The annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Corporation fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 
 Date February 3, 2023 s J UDITH F. M ARKS 
 Judith F. Marks Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer Date February 3, 2023 s A NURAG M AHESHWARI 
 Anurag Maheshwari Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date February 3, 2023 s M ICHAEL P. R YAN 
 Michael P. Ryan Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 otis-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 otis-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 otis-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 otis-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 otis-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

