<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1835416_0001213900-23-025449.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3934468</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>532207</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>859595</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>868377</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>818384</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>737963</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025449.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160601
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025449
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Moringa Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001835416
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40073
		FILM NUMBER:		23787560

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 PARK AVENUE, 7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10177
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 572 6395

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 PARK AVENUE, 7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10177

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025449.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_moringaacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______________
to _______________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

001-40073 N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

, 

Telephone: 

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: (212) 572-6395 

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading 
Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Redeemable warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 MACAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of a redeemable warrant MACAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s
second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates
was based upon the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares on that date, which was 9.82. 

As of March 31, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share (consisting of 2,589,567 public shares, 380,000 private shares and 100,000 representative shares), and Class
B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP. ANNUAL REPORT ON
FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 iv 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 23 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 45 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 45 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 45 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 45 
 
 PART II 
 
 46 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 46 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 47 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 47 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 45 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 56 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 56 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 56 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 57 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 57 
 
 PART III 
 
 58 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 58 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 66 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 66 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 72 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 76 
 
 PART IV 
 
 77 
 
 Item 15 . Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 77 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 79 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F-2 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 80 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual
Report ), references to: 

we , us ,
 our , the company , our company or Moringa are to Moringa Acquisition Corp, a Cayman
Islands exempted company; 

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; 

Class A ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B ordinary shares are to our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Companies Law are to the Companies Law (2021 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, as the same may be amended from time to time; 

EarlyBirdCapital are to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., the representative of the underwriters of our initial public offering; 

equity-linked securities are to any securities of our company that are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, Class A ordinary shares of our company; 

Extension are to the extension of the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination from February 19, 2023 to August 19, 2023, which our shareholders approved at the Extension Meeting. 

Extension Date are to August 19, 2023. 

Extension Meeting are to the extraordinary general meeting in lieu of 2022 annual general meeting of our company that we held on February 9, 2023 at which, among other approvals, the Extension was approved. 

founders shares are to our 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the founders shares at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

Holisto are to Holisto Ltd., an Israeli company with which we have entered into the Holisto Business Combination Agreement. 

Holisto Business Combination means the potential business combination with Holisto that is contemplated under the Holisto Business Combination Agreement. 

Holisto Business Combination Agreement are to the Business Combination Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, by and among our company, Holisto, and Merger Sub, as amended by Amendments. No. 1 and No. 2 thereto. 

Holisto Registration Statement are to the registration statement on Form F-4 (SEC File No. 333-267305) filed by Holisto in respect of the Holisto Business Combination, as amended by Amendments No. 1 and No. 2 thereto, filed on December 29, 2022 and February 7, 2023, respectively. 

initial public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering of our Class A ordinary shares, which was consummated in two closings, on February 19, 2021 and March 3, 2021; 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor s wholly-owned subsidiary, Moringa Sponsor US L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and other holders (if any) of our founders shares prior to our initial public offering; 

letter agreement refers to the letter agreement entered into between us and our initial shareholders, directors and officers on February 16, 2021; 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

ii 

Merger Sub are to Holisto MergerSub, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Holisto. 

private shares are to the Class A ordinary shares included in the private units issued and sold to our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital in private placements simultaneously with the closings of our initial public offering; 

private units are to the 380,000 units (consisting of 380,000 private shares and 190,000 private warrants) issued and sold to our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, in the aggregate, in private placements simultaneously with the closings of our initial public offering; 

private warrants are to the 190,000 warrants contained within the private units issued and sold to our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, in the aggregate, in private placements simultaneously with the closings of our initial public offering, as well as any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans; 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent our sponsor, officers or directors purchase public shares, provided their status as a public shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public units are to the units (consisting of public shares and warrants) sold in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

representative shares are to the 100,000 Class A ordinary shares that we issued to EarlyBirdCapital (and/or its designees) in a private placement prior to our initial public offering; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

sponsor are to Moringa Sponsor, LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, including, where applicable, its affiliates (including our initial shareholder, Moringa Sponsor US L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of our sponsor); 

trust account are to the U.S.-based trust accounts at Goldman Sachs Co. and at JP Morgan Chase, which are maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, into which total amounts of 100,000,000 and 15,000,000 from the proceeds from the IPO and the concurrent private placement were deposited upon the two closings of the IPO, in February and March 2021. 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the public units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and the private warrants; and 

, US and U.S. dollar each refer to the United States dollar. 

iii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Some statements contained in this Annual Report are forward-looking
in nature. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements
about: 

our ability to complete the
Holisto Business Combination, including the satisfaction of the closing conditions to the Holisto Business Combination Agreement and
the timing of the completion of such business combination; 

our expectations with respect to future performance and anticipated financial impacts of the Holisto Business Combination; 

the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could
 give rise to the termination of the Holisto Business Combination Agreement or could otherwise cause the transactions contemplated therein
 to fail to close 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete the Holisto Business Combination; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our pool of prospective target, high-tech businesses in Israel; 

risks associated with acquiring a technology-oriented business in Israel; 

our public securities liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance following our initial public offering or following our initial business combination. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are
based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance
that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks,
uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors . Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

iv 

Summary of Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. We
have provided the following summary of the material risks involved: 

Risks Related to our Search for, and Consummation of, Business Combination
Transaction 

In light of the substantial redemptions of public shares in connection with the Extension Meeting, if our public shareholders redeem a significant number of additional public shares for cash from the trust account prior to the Holisto Business Combination, that may adversely impact the ability of the combined company to qualify for initial listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market and, consequently, the ability of the parties to successfully complete the Holisto Business Combination. 

We may not be able to complete the Holisto Business Combination (or any other initial business combination) within the prescribed time frame, in which case public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The combined company following the Holisto Business Combination (or any other initial business combination that we complete) may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, as part of the completion of a business combination, which may adversely affect the combined company s leverage and financial condition. 

Third parties may bring claims against us and, as a result, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share liquidation price received by our shareholders could be less than 10.00 per share. 

The completion of the proposed Holisto Business Combination, and Holisto s operations generally, may be materially adversely affected by current unfavorable macro-economic trends. 

If the funds not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate at least until the new deadline following the Extension, that could limit our ability to consummate the Holisto Business Combination or any other initial business combination. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . 

We may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material
 weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

We will likely only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business, which lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability post-business combination. 

v 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges. 

We may have limited ability to assess the management of Holisto or any other prospective target business. 

Risks Relating to our Management Team 

We are totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, including personnel who are a part of the combined company following our initial business combination. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with Holisto or a different target business in connection with a particular business combination, which may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is advantageous. 

Past performance by the companies in which our management team and our sponsor s members and affiliates have been involved may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether Holisto or any other particular business combination target is appropriate. 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

We may not remain qualified for continued listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market for the period until completion of the Holisto Business Combination or any other initial business combination, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

An investment in our company may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

The combined company from the Holisto Business Combination or another business combination may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete that business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of the business combination, thereby diluting you. 

Our private placement warrants are accounted for
 as liabilities and the changes in value of those warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

vi 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

General 

We are a blank check company formed on September 24, 2020 as a Cayman
Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination.
We have generated no revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues at the earliest until we consummate
our initial business combination. We completed our initial public offering in February 2021, and since that time, we have engaged in discussions
with, and due diligence with respect to, potential business combination target companies. As described below, since the signing of the
Holisto Business Combination Agreement in June 2022, we have been focusing exclusively on pursuing the Holisto Business Combination and
related matters. 

Recent Developments 

Entry into Holisto Business Combination Agreement 

On June 9, 2022, we entered into the Holisto Business Combination Agreement.
The transactions set forth in the Holisto Business Combination Agreement will constitute a Business Combination 
as contemplated by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Holisto is an Israeli company and a tech-powered online
travel agency, which aims to make hotel booking affordable and personalized for consumers. The Holisto Business Combination Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby have been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of Moringa and Holisto, and by the shareholders
of Holisto. 

The current terms of the Holisto Business Combination Agreement,
as amended by Amendments No. 1 and No. 2 thereto, are described under Item 1. Business Holisto Business Combination Agreement 
in this Annual Report. 

Extension of Date to Consummate a Business Combination and Sponsor
Contribution 

On January 5, 2023 and in the period thereafter, we filed with the
SEC and distributed to our shareholders a definitive proxy statement in which we notified our shareholders that we would be holding the
Extension Meeting for the purpose of considering and voting on, among other proposals: (i) a proposal to approve, by way of special resolution,
an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to provide for the Extension i.e., to extend by
six months, from February 19, 2023 to August 19, 2023 (or such earlier date as may be determined by our board of directors in its sole
discretion), the deadline by which we would need to consummate an initial business combination (the Articles Extension Proposal ),
(ii) a proposal to amend the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2021, to which we are party with Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, to extend the term of that agreement for a corresponding period of six months to reflect the Extension
under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Trust Extension Proposal ), and (iii) a proposal
to approve, by way of ordinary resolution of the holders of the Class B ordinary shares, the re-appointment of each of Ilan Levin, Craig
Marshak, Ruth Alon, Michael Basch, and Eric Brachfeld as directors serving on our board of directors until the second succeeding annual
general meeting of our company and until their successors are elected and qualified (the Director Election Proposal ). Each
such proposal was described in more detail in the definitive proxy statement related to the Extension Meeting, which we filed with the
SEC on January 5, 2023, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

On January 26, 2023, we announced that if the Articles Extension Proposal
and the Trust Extension Proposal were to be approved at the Extraordinary Meeting and the Extension implemented, our sponsor or its designees
would deposit into the trust account as a loan (a Contribution , and the sponsor or its designee making such Contribution,
a Contributor on February 19, 2023, and on the 19th day of each subsequent calendar month until the Extension Date, or
such earlier date on which our board of directors determines to liquidate the Company or an initial business combination is completed,
the lesser of (x) 80,000 and (y) 0.04 per public share multiplied by the number of public shares outstanding on such applicable date
(each date on which a Contribution is to be deposited into the trust account, a Contribution Date ). If we consummate an
initial business combination or have announced our intention to commence winding up prior to any Contribution Date, the Contributor s
obligation to make Contributions will terminate. 

1 

On February 9, 2023, after an adjournment of two days following the
originally-designated date for the Extension Meeting, we reconvened the Extension Meeting and our shareholders approved each of the Articles
Extension Proposal, Trust Extension Proposal and Director Election Proposal. 

Upon approval of the Extension, and based on the sponsor s commitment
to make the Contributions, we issued to the sponsor a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note in a principal amount of up to 480,000,
representing the maximum potential amount of all Contributions. The note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of
(a) the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or (b) the date of our liquidation. We have not requested that the
sponsor reserve for, nor have we independently verified whether the sponsor will have sufficient funds to satisfy, any Contributions.
If a Contributor fails to make a Contribution by an applicable Contribution Date, we will liquidate and dissolve as soon as practicable
after such date and in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If we do not consummate an initial
business combination by the Extension Date, the promissory note will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will
be forfeited. 

In connection with the Extension Meeting,
8,910,433 Class A Ordinary Shares were redeemed, leaving 3,069,567 Class A Ordinary Shares of which 2,589,567 are public shares 
 outstanding. As such, approximately 77.5 of the public shares were redeemed and approximately 22.5 of
the public shares remain outstanding. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our trust account was approximately 26.4
million (prior to any Contributions by the sponsor). 

Amendments to Holisto Business Combination Agreement 

On August 17, 2022 and January 1, 2023, we, Holisto and Holisto
MergerSub, Inc. entered into Amendments No. 1 and No. 2, respectively, to the Holisto Business Combination Agreement. 

Following these amendments, the Holisto Business Combination Agreement
contains the following amended terms (which differ from the corresponding terms under the original agreement): 

(1) in the event that Holisto executes a financing transaction before the closing of the Holisto
Business Combination, any equity securities of Holisto issued or issuable pursuant to such financing transactions will not reduce our
security holders share of the combined company upon consummation of the Holisto Business Combination; 

(2) there are no longer any restrictions on either party soliciting any alternative offers for
transactions with third parties; 

(3) if Holisto seeks financing alternatives and solicits other potential transactions as alternatives
to the Holisto Business Combination, it must provide us at least 24 hours prior written notice before entering into any such financing
or alternative transaction, and before making a related public filing; and 

(4) there is no closing condition for Holisto to have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001
upon the completion of the Holisto Business Combination; instead, Holisto will need to be approved for listing on Nasdaq and to be in
compliance with any set of Nasdaq Stock Market listing requirements immediately following the closing. 

Under Section 7.1 of the Holisto Business
Combination Agreement, as amended, either Moringa or Holisto may terminate the Agreement upon written notice to the other party, given
that the Holisto Business Combination was not consummated on or prior to January 1, 2023. Amendment No. 2 to the Holisto Business Combination
Agreement contemplates that, subject to certain conditions being timely satisfied, including our having obtained the approval of our shareholders
to the Extension (which occurred on February 9, 2023), the parties to the Business Combination Agreement will make commercial efforts
for the anticipated time of the closing of the Holisto Business Combination to occur by April 1, 2023 (assuming that the Holisto Business
Combination Agreement is not terminated earlier). There can be no assurance that the closing of the Holisto Business Combination (if the
Holisto Business Combination Agreement is not terminated earlier) will occur by April 1, 2023. 

Holisto Registration Statement 

On September 7, 2022, Holisto filed with the SEC the Holisto Registration
Statement, as required under the Holisto Business Combination Agreement. On December 29, 2022 and February 7, 2023, Holisto filed with
the SEC Amendments No. 1 and No. 2, respectively, to the Holisto Registration Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, such registration
statement, and the amendments thereto, are not incorporated by reference herein. 

2 

Industry Opportunity 

Israeli flourishing high-tech market 

Having earned the title of Start-Up Nation, Israel has
been known for quite some time as one of the most concentrated geographic centers for technological innovation. Although it has a population
of just in excess of 9 million and had a GDP of approximately 395.1 billion for 2019 (as reported by the World Bank), Israel has been
one of the most successful countries in developing technology. Under the OECD R D Intensity Index (which measures investment in R D
as a ratio of GDP), Israel ranks first in the world, with its national spending on R D being 4.9 of its GDP (as of 2018), according
to the February 2020 publication of the OECD Directorate for Science, Technology and Innovation. According to the 2019 annual report of
the Israel Innovation Authority, or IIA, which we refer to as the IIA 2019 annual report, over the last decade, Israel has yielded over
750 startup companies every year. 

Israeli entrepreneurs continuously manage to position themselves as
global leaders in a variety of fields, repeatedly being able to identify the emergence of new trends and segments early on, maintaining
Israel s position at the forefront of global innovation. 

As indicated in the IIA 2019 annual report, there are more companies
involved with AI than in any other high-tech sector. Israeli entrepreneurs ability to identify the potential in this field at an
early stage and enter it quickly has made Israel a world leader in AI. Beyond AI, there has been a significant increase in the number
of fintech, cyber and digital health companies, and in the capital raised by foodtech companies. These sectors are at the cutting edge
of global innovation, and have been promoted by the Israeli government through various government initiatives. 

Attributes of the Israeli high-tech ecosystem that have contributed
to its enhanced position include: 

Highly innovative - Currently, according to The State of Innovation
report as published by PwC and Start-Up Nation Central, there are more than 6,600 start-up companies in Israel - 14 times the concentration
of start-ups per capita in Europe. This community of entrepreneurs, from a country with one-tenth of 1 of the world s population
attracts the highest rate of venture capital funding per capita in the world 674/per capita in 2018). 

Educated and skilled workforce - Israel enjoys a very high percentage
of engineers and scientists per capita and a very high ratio of university degrees and academic publications per capita. As of 2011, Israel
had the highest number of scientists and technicians per capita in the world, with 140 scientists and technicians per 10,000 employees.
By comparison, the rate was 85 per 10,000 in the United States and 83 per 10,000 in Japan (Eduard Shteinbuk R D and Innovation
as a Growth Engine , National Research University - Higher School of Economics, (published July 2011)). As of 2016, Israel ranked
25 th in the world regarding the publication of scientific and technical articles in the fields of physics, biology, chemistry,
mathematics, clinical medicine, biomedical research, engineering and technology, and earth and space sciences in journals classified by
the Institute for Scientific Information s Science Citation Index (SCI) and Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI). Israel has a
high quality educational system and is among the most educated societies in the world, having been ranked 17 th overall in the
2015 Education Index included in the United Nations Development Programme s Human Development Report issued in 2016. 

Government support - The Israeli government founded the Technology
Incubator program in the early 1990s. According to the IIA 2019 annual report, today there are over 25 technological and biotechnological
incubators across the country, all of which have been privatized. The incubators offer government funding of up to 85 of early stage
project costs for two years. They nurture companies from seed to early stage, thus minimizing the risk to the investor. More than 1100
projects have so far graduated from the incubators, with over 45 successfully attracting additional investments from different investors. 

Moreover, the IIA provides a variety of support programs with an annual
budget of about 400 million. The main program is the R D Fund, which offers R D grants of up to 40 of the approved R D program
cost. 

Other programs operated by the IIA include bi-national funds (joint
R D programs with foreign counterparts such as China, Canada, USA, etc.), which are entitled to financial assistance of 50 of the
Israeli company s R D costs. 

Investment support - The Israeli Law for the Encouragement of
Capital Investments, 5719-1959, or the Investment Law, enables foreign companies operating in Israel to benefit from a reduced company
tax rate and investment grants. Another incentive program offered by the government provides employment grants for R D centers and
large enterprises operating in Israel. The program offers a 4-year grant scheme covering on average 25 of the employer s cost of
salaries for each new employee. 

3 

Strong VC industry - Israel s thriving start-up industry
is complemented by a flourishing venture capital market. According to a report issued by Deloitte s Israeli affiliate, Israel s
venture capital industry has approximately 70 active venture capital funds, 14 of which are international with offices in Israel. By far
outperforming any other country in venture capital volume per capita, Israel s venture capital availability is a symbol of the breadth
of its innovative industries and of the highly efficient financial sector underpinning them. 

Flexible, creative economy - Flexibility and adaptability to
change are widely considered primary factors affecting business performance. In fact, the world competitiveness index of IMD (a business
school that purports to be a leader and pioneer in corporate leadership development) places this attribute among the leading indexes of
economic competitiveness. Creativity and flexibility are the fuel of innovation, and a high degree of responsiveness to changing business
environments is crucial to thriving enterprises in today s dynamic global market. Israel s ability to swiftly translate market
demands into organizational action accounts for its consistently strong performance in the flexibility index and its broad acceptance
as a global capital of innovation. 

Maturing picture for financing of Israeli high-tech . 

The advancements in technology sectors of the Israeli high-tech ecosystem
has been matched by advances in its ability to finance those sectors. According to the IIA 2019 annual report, in 2019, the amount of
capital raised in Israel for high-tech investments reached a new peak of 9 billion, a 15 increase compared to 2018. Since 2005, capital
raised has increased by a factor of 4.5, growing at an average annual rate of approximately 13 . The number of overall funding rounds
in 2019 held steady at 1,100 in 2019, similar to 2018. 

As cited by the IIA 2019 annual report, data from 2019 indicates that
the increase in capital that was raised was mainly due to higher amounts raised in each round, rather than more rounds. We believe that
these higher amounts are a testimony to a wider trend that has been identified in the Israeli high-tech industry over the last decade:
the scale-up of existing companies replacing the establishment of new start-up companies as the main driver of growth. This trend suggests
that the Israeli high-tech industry is moving towards a new level of maturity. 

The road to maturation includes an increasing number of growth companies
in the Israeli high-tech industry, a development which holds many advantages to the Israeli economy. Fast-developing growth companies
have potential to become complete companies that employ a large number of employees in a variety of positions other than
R D. Complete companies can significantly increase the number of high productivity employees that characterize the Israeli high-tech
sector. 

Advantages of SPAC business combination for mature Israeli high-tech
companies . 

Ensuring that growth companies continue to multiply and flourish is
crucial for the Israeli high-tech sector and the Israeli economy. Accordingly, barriers to scale-up have been examined and appropriate
solutions have been offered. One obstacle cited by the IIA report, notable in the Israeli industry, is the difficulty for growth companies
to obtain debt-based finance, which presents a challenge for the further growth of Israeli growth companies. We believe that the growing
pool of Israeli high-tech growth companies that face challenges such as the inability to obtain debt finance would benefit by being given
access to the public capital markets. 

While a significant number of mature, profitable Israeli technology
growth companies would be ideal candidates to go public via the route of an initial public offering, they have yet to do so. That is often
due to size barriers that generally restrict such offerings to larger companies. Israeli technology companies that have less than 100
million of annual revenues are often considered too small to be taken public by large, bulge bracket US underwriters. Given
the growth in the market for special purpose acquisition companies (in terms of number of companies and the amount of funds raised by
them) in recent years, we believe that this market can be utilized to meet an unmet need and enable worthwhile, growth Israeli technology
companies to scale up. 

Acquisition Strategy 

Our acquisition strategy is to identify an untapped opportunity within
our target Israeli high-tech industry and offer a public-ready business, a facility through which to enter the public sphere, access capital
markets and advance its priorities. We are focusing on mid-size Israel-related technology companies that have a proven track record in
generating revenues and profits, but that have been too small to be brought public until now. We believe many technology-based companies
in Israel could benefit from access to the public markets but have been hesitant or unable to do so due to a number of factors, including
the time it takes to conduct a traditional IPO, market volatility and pricing uncertainty. We hope to serve as an attractive partner for
those types of companies, enabling them to go public in an alternate, more easily accessible manner- a business combination transaction-
and to thereby benefit from the ongoing capital-raising options that are available for a publicly traded company on the U.S. capital markets
and leverage public share currency to consolidate and acquire businesses. 

4 

Investment Criteria 

Consistent with our acquisition strategy, we identified the following
general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses within the Israeli high-tech
industry. We used these criteria in evaluating the prospective Holisto Business Combination; however, no individual criterion was entirely
determinative of our decision to pursue the prospective Holisto Business Combination: 

Attractive, Middle-Market
Growth Business. We primarily seek to acquire one or more Israeli growth businesses with a history of good operating and financial
results and with a total enterprise value of between 200 million and 500 million. We believe that there are a substantial number of
potential target businesses within this valuation range that can benefit from new capital to scale operations and in turn yield significant
revenue and earnings growth. We currently do not intend to acquire either a start-up company (a company that has not yet established
commercial operations) or a company with negative cash flow. 

Disruptive Technology. In our acquisition search, we are targeting disruptive technologies that have the ability to significantly alter the way markets or businesses operate. We value new digitally-enabled business models that lower entry barriers into new markets. We believe that the advent of disruption is also blurring traditional sector boundaries, leading to the convergence of business models across disparate sectors-including health, finance, retail, media, and many others. We are searching for businesses that are non-traditional players that have entered or will enter established markets with new market offerings in an attempt to displace incumbents in those markets. 

Business with Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for organic growth in revenue and earnings through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, incremental marketing, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. 

Strong Competitive Industry Position. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have a leading market position or that we believe have an opportunity to develop such a position in their respective sectors. We seek to acquire businesses that demonstrate advantages when compared to their competitors, which may help to protect their market position and profitability and deliver strong free cash flow. 

Strong Target Management Teams. We seek candidates who have strong management teams with a proven track record of driving growth, enhancing profitability, making sound strategic decisions, and generating strong free cash flow. We diligence a target company s leadership team to evaluate if there are areas that need to be improved or require additional personnel. 

Appropriate Valuations. We seek to be a disciplined and valuation-centric investor that invests on terms that we believe provide significant upside potential with limited downside risk. 

These criteria were not intended to be exhaustive. Our evaluation relating
to the merits of a particular initial business combination have been based on these general guidelines as well as other considerations,
factors and criteria that our management deems relevant. 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we have conducted a thorough
due diligence review that has encompassed, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews
of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other information which was made available to
us. We have also utilized our operational and capital allocation experience. 

Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets 

We believe that the operational and transactional experience of our
management team and members of our sponsor (and the investors in the sponsor) and the relationships they have developed as a result of
such experience, have provided us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Our management team and other members
of our sponsor have operated and invested in leading Israeli, global technology companies across their corporate life cycles and have
developed deep relationships with organizations and investors operating around the world, and in our target region, Israel, in particular.
This network has grown through sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses and maintaining relationships with sellers, financing sources
and target management teams. Our management team members have significant experience in executing transactions under varying economic
and financial market conditions. We believe that these networks of contacts and relationships and this experience help us to identify
attractive Israel related technology-based businesses that can benefit from access to the public markets, and execute complex business
combination transactions, thereby enhancing shareholder value. In addition, target business candidates may be brought to our attention
from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking
to divest noncore assets or divisions. 

5 

We believe that we are uniquely positioned to leverage our sponsor s,
affiliates and management team s successful track record growing Israeli technology companies into large, successful publicly-traded
entities, and their deep network of relationships in Israel, as strong competitive advantages. We believe that we are utilizing our management s
and sponsor s expertise and their respective proven deal-sourcing capabilities to provide us with a strong pipeline of potential
targets. 

We believe that our management team s and directors experiences
in evaluating assets through investing and company building have enabled us to source the highest quality targets. Our selection process
has leveraged the relationships of our management team with industry captains, leading venture capitalists, private equity and hedge fund
managers, respected peers, and a network of investment banking executives, attorneys, and accountants. Together with this network of trusted
partners, we intend to capitalize the target business and create purposeful strategic initiatives in order to achieve attractive growth
and performance targets. 

Our management team consists of professionals and senior operating
executives of various companies with decades of experience and industry exposure in various Israeli high-tech industries. Based on our
management team s extensive experience and industry exposure, we believe we will be able to identify, evaluate the risk and reward
of and execute on attractive acquisition opportunities. 

In addition to our experienced management team, the partners of our
sponsor have a strong track record in both the technology sector and in Israeli investments in particular, and are characterized by their
investment expertise, deep technology company relationships and benevolent activism. One such limited partner is Stanley Hutton Rumbough,
a private investor and descendant of Edward Francis Hutton, the founder of EF Hutton. Mr. Rumbough was most recently a founding investor
in the Israel based INX platform for digital tokens and trading. 

Initial Significant Activities Following Inception 

On February 19, 2021 and March 3, 2021, we consummated our initial
public offering of 10,000,000 units and 1,500,000 units, respectively (representing the units for the base offering and additional units
sold upon the exercise in full by the underwriters of their over-allotment option, respectively). Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary
share and one-half of a redeemable warrant of the Company, each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary
share for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 100,000,000
and 15,000,000 at the respective closings. 

Substantially concurrently with the two closings of the initial public
offering, we completed the private sale of 350,000 and 30,000 private units, in the aggregate, respectively, to our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital
at a purchase price of 10.00 per private unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 3,500,000 and 300,000, respectively. 

Following the respective closings, a total of 100,000,000 and 15,000,000
were placed in U.S.-based trust accounts at Goldman Sachs Co. and at JP Morgan Chase, respectively, which are maintained by Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. 

Our units began trading on February 17, 2021 on the Nasdaq Capital
Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol MACAU. On April 7, 2021, the ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units began
separate trading on the Nasdaq under the symbols MACA and MACAW, respectively. 

Competitive Strengths 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe that our structure has made us an attractive business combination
partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we have offered a target business an alternative to a traditional initial
public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their
shares of stock or other equity interests in the target business for our ordinary shares or for a combination of our ordinary shares and
cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration used in the transaction to the specific needs of the sellers. In the alternative, as is
the case with the potential Holisto Business Combination, the target company could issue to our shareholders its shares as consideration
for acquiring our company and its cash from the trust. We believe that target businesses might find the avenue of a merger with a SPAC
a more certain and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than a typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public
offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, roadshow and public reporting efforts that will likely not be present to
the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

6 

Furthermore, once the business combination is consummated, the target
business will have effectively become a public company, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters 
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we
believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent
with shareholders interests than it would have as a privately-held company. Public company status can offer further benefits by
enhancing a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our status as a public company will make us an
attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view the inherent limitations in our status as a blank check company
as a deterrent and may prefer to effect a business combination with a more established entity or with a private company. These limitations
include constraints on our available financial resources, which may be inferior to those of other entities pursuing the acquisition of
similar target businesses; the requirement that we seek shareholder approval of a business combination or conduct a tender offer in relation
thereto, which may delay the consummation of a transaction; and the existence of our outstanding warrants, which may represent a source
of future dilution. 

Financial Position 

Immediately following the closing of the IPO, we had 115.0 million,
and, upon approval of the Extension, approximately 26.4 million (prior to any Contributions by the sponsor), of funds available in our
trust fund, assuming no further redemptions. Of those funds, 4,025,000 will be paid as an advisory fee to EarlyBirdCapital in connection
with our initial business combination. Consequently, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event
for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing
its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination
of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid
to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, given the possibility that there may be a further significant percentage
of our public shareholders that may elect to redeem their shares in connection with our initial business combination (whether the Holisto
Business Combination or any other business combination), thereby further reducing our cash resources, we may need to secure third party
financing in order to successfully effect a business combination, and there can be no assurance that it will be available to us. 

Effecting a Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive
commercial business for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering. We are utilizing cash derived from the proceeds
of our initial public offering and the private placement of units in effecting a business combination (presently, the Holisto Business
Combination). Investors in our initial public offering invested without first having an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or
risks of any one or more business combinations. In the case of the Holisto Business Combination, we are seeking to consummate a business
combination with a company that is in its relatively early stages of development. As a result of our limited resources, we expect to effect
only a single business combination with the proceeds from our initial public offering and concurrent private placement. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business
Combination 

Subject to our management team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations
and the fair market value requirement described below, we have had virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective
acquisition candidate. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses
other than as described under Investment Criteria above. Now that we are party to the Holisto Business Combination
Agreement, investors will need to evaluate the possible merits or risks of Holisto as a target business with which we may complete the
Holisto Business Combination by reviewing the Holisto Registration Statement filed by Holisto with respect to that transaction. Although
our management has endeavored to evaluate the risks inherent in the Holisto Business Combination, we cannot assure you that we have properly
ascertained or assessed all significant risk factors. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

As the principal means of identifying potential target businesses,
we have relied on the extensive contacts and relationships of our initial shareholders, officers and directors. While our officers and
directors are not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying or performing due diligence on potential target businesses,
the relationships that they have developed over their careers and their access to our sponsor s members and affiliates 
contacts and resources have been generating a number of potential business combination opportunities that have been warranting, and may
continue to warrant, further investigation. We also have had target business candidates brought to our attention from various unaffiliated
sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and
other members of the financial community. Target businesses have been brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result
of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources have also introduced us to target businesses they think we may be interested
in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources have read our public disclosures and know what types of businesses we are targeting. 

7 

Our officers and directors must present to us all target business opportunities
that have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income accrued in
the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary
or contractual obligations. We may also engage the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions
on a formal basis (including EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. as described elsewhere in this Annual Report), to which we may pay a finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction.
In no event, however, will our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial
business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than: 

the monthly 10,000 administrative services fee; 

the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates in
connection with the consummation of our initial business combination; 

the repayment of up to 1,500,000 in loans that the sponsor may provide to us, as evidenced by the promissory notes that we have issued
to it in August 2021, December 2022 (two promissory notes) and February 2023, and any additional working capital loans; 

the repayment of up to 480,000 of contributions to the trust account to which the sponsor committed in connection with the Extension;
and 

the reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. 

Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and
payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from
such review and approval. We are not restricted from entering into any such transactions and may do so if (i) such transaction is approved
by a majority of our disinterested independent directors and (ii) we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or
another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders
from a financial point of view. Holisto is not affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor, and we have therefore not obtained
any such opinion in connection with the Holisto Business Combination. 

Subject to our management team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations
and the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (excluding taxes
payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination,
as described below in more detail, and that we must acquire a controlling interest in the target business, our management has virtually
unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any specific attributes or
criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses, except as described above under Investment Criteria . 

An evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination
has been based, to the extent relevant, on such factors, as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting
a business combination consistent with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we have conducted an extensive
due diligence review which has encompassed, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well
as review of financial and other information which has been made available to us. This due diligence review has been conducted by our
management. 

Fair Market Value of Target Business 

Nasdaq listing rules require that the target business or businesses
that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding
taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business
combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to
meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. 

Our Holisto Business Combination is structured whereby Holisto will
acquire, via a reverse triangular merger, 100 of the equity interests of our company and all of the cash in our trust account, while
our shareholders will receive, in return, shares in Holisto, and consequently, an indirect interest in the assets of its business. We
may, however, structure our initial business combination in an alternate manner, but we will only complete any such business combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior
to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case,
we could acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares,
our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent
to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued
for purposes of the 80 of trust account balance test. 

8 

The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board
of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings,
cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction
(as is the case with the proxy solicitation materials for the Holisto Business Combination) will provide public shareholders with our
analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to independently
determine that the target business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment
banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an investment banking firm as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently
determines that the target business complies with the 80 threshold. We have not obtained such an opinion in the case of the Holisto Business
Combination, given that our board of directors has independently made that determination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

We are currently seeking the Holisto Business Combination with just
one business that of Holisto. Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success will be entirely dependent upon the
future performance of Holisto s single business operation. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several
business combinations of entities operating in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will
not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating
a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and 

result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business Management 

Although we have scrutinized the management of Holisto (and would do
likewise with any other potential target business) when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination with it, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that
the future management of the combined company will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.
Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in Holisto or any other business following a business combination
cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management
or advisory positions with us following a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs
subsequent to a business combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business
combination if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations
would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in
the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination.
While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business,
their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision
as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, our officers and directors do not have significant
experience or knowledge relating to the operations of Holisto, and may not have such experience or knowledge with respect to any other
particular target business. 

Following a business combination, the combined company may seek to
recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that the combined company
will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers it does recruit will have the requisite skills,
knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business
Combination 

In connection with any proposed business combination, we will either
(1) as we plan to do in the case of the Holisto Business Combination, seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at
a general meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for
or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means
of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as
to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us
in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. In the case of the Holisto Business
Combination, the terms of the Holisto Business Combination Agreement require us to obtain that shareholder approval. If we determine to
engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather
than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, or SEC, which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as
is required under the SEC s proxy rules. 

9 

Our current amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately
prior to or upon such consummation and, if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted
in favor of the business combination. We intend, however, to seek shareholder approval in connection with the shareholder approval of
the Holisto Business Combination to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to eliminate that 5,000,001
net tangible assets requirement. The proposals for approval by our shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting at which we will
present the Holisto Business Combination to our shareholders, which are contained in the proxy statement/prospectus forming a part of
Holisto s Registration Statement on Form F-4, will include a proposal to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association to eliminate that net tangible assets requirement. 

We had chosen our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure
that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. However, we do not currently anticipate
that the combined company resulting from the Holisto Business Combination will meet that net tangible asset threshold, and meeting that
threshold is furthermore not needed for qualification for listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Consequently, we will seek shareholder approval
to eliminate that requirement from our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association in connection with our shareholders 
approval of the Holisto Business Combination. If our shareholders do not approve that amendment, and we cannot complete the Holisto Business
Combination, our public shareholders may need to wait until the Extension Date in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the
trust account upon our liquidation. 

In connection with the extraordinary general meeting to approve the
Holisto Business Combination (or any other potential business combination), our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and directors
have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of the proposed business combination, (2) not to convert any ordinary
shares in connection with the shareholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination and (3) in the case of a tender offer
(not applicable to the Holisto Business Combination), not sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial
business combination. 

None of our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders or their
affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or Class A ordinary shares from persons in the open market or in private transactions.
However, if a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against a proposed business combination or indicate
that they wish to have their shares redeemed, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such
purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote and reduce the number of redemptions. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of Class A ordinary
shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation
of a company s stock. 

Redemption Rights 

At any general meeting called to approve an initial business combination 
including the Holisto Business Combination public shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote
for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any taxes then due but
not yet paid. Alternatively (although not applicable in the case of the Holisto Business Combination), we may provide our public shareholders
with the opportunity to sell their Class A ordinary shares to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder
vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due
but not yet paid. 

Our sponsor, initial shareholders and our officers and directors will
not have redemption rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to our initial
public offering or purchased by them in our initial public offering or in the after-market. Additionally, the holders of the representative
shares will not have redemption rights with respect to the representative shares. 

We may require public shareholders, whether they are a record holder
or hold their shares in street name, to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their
shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the
holder s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the
business combination. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares
or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 45.00 and it would be up to
the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require
holders seeking to exercise redemption rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless
of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require shareholders seeking to exercise redemption
rights prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated this may
result in an increased cost to shareholders. 

10 

Any proxy solicitation materials we furnish to shareholders in connection
with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy such certification and
delivery requirements. Accordingly, a shareholder would have from the time the shareholder received our proxy statement up until two business
days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination to deliver his, her or its shares if he, she or it
wishes to seek to exercise his redemption rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each transaction. However,
as the delivery process can be accomplished by the shareholder, whether or not he, she or it is a record holder or his, her or its shares
are held in street name, in a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker and requesting delivery
of his, her or its shares through the DWAC System, we believe this time period is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot
assure you of this fact. Please see the risk factor titled In connection with any general meeting called to approve a proposed
initial business combination, we may require shareholders who wish to redeem their shares in connection with a proposed business combination
to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their redemption rights prior
to the deadline for exercising their rights for further information on the risks of failing to comply with these requirements. 

Any request to redeem such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any
time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or the expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of Class A ordinary
shares delivered his certificate in connection with an election to redeem and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to
elect to redeem, he or she may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If the initial business combination is not approved or completed for
any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled at that time to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public
holders. 

If the proposed Holisto Business Combination is not completed, we may
continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until the Extension Date (which is the 30 month anniversary
of the closing of our initial public offering). 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business
Combination 

Our sponsor, officers and directors agreed originally that we had only
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering to complete our initial business combination. That 24 month period has been
extended to a 30-month period as a result of the approval by our shareholders of the Extension at the Extension Meeting. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination within such 30-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no
redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the 30-month time period. Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founders shares if we
fail to complete our initial business combination within 30 months from the closing of our initial public offering. However, if our initial
shareholders acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public
shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 30-month time frame. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written
agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that
would affect our public shareholders ability to redeem or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as
described herein or to modify the substance or timing the redemption rights provided to shareholders as described in this Annual Report
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless
we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be
net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon completion of our
initial business combination (unless our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
to eliminate that requirement, as we intend to propose in connection with the extraordinary general meeting to approve the Holisto Business
Combination). 

11 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the proceeds held outside
the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not
sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest
accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000
of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest,
if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately
 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher
priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
will not be substantially less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds
sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we have requested that all vendors, service providers (other
than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders,
there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from
bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other
similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect
to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management performs an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will
enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third party s engagement
would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find
a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they
may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse
against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will
be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following
redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent
auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a
transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount
per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to
any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims
under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. Because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations are limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only third parties we currently engage are vendors such as lawyers, investment bankers, computer or
information and technical services providers or prospective target businesses. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not
independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s
only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked
our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without
limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

12 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
(1) 10.00 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of
the trust account, due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn
to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations
related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its
indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our
sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment
may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value
of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Our sponsor will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have
access to the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private units, with which to pay any such potential claims (including
costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the
event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who
received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

If we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up
or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
insolvency laws, and may be included in our insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims
of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00
per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or insolvency laws as a voidable preference. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by
our shareholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in
bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account
prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Following the redemptions in connection with the Extension Meeting,
our remaining public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the
completion of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly
elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection
with a shareholder vote to further amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public
shareholders ability to redeem or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify
the substance or timing of the redemption rights provided to shareholders as described in this Annual Report, or (B) with respect to any
other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (3) the redemption of our public
shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 30 months from the closing of our initial public offering,
subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will an existing shareholder have any right or interest
of any kind to or in the trust account. In connection with the expected extraordinary general meeting to seek shareholder approval for
the Holisto Business Combination (or any other initial business combination), a shareholder s casting a vote will not, in and of
itself, be deemed to be a redemption request for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised
its redemption rights described above. 

13 

Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as
amended by the Extension, contain certain requirements that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination,
including the following: 

if we seek to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) in a manner that would affect our public shareholders ability to redeem
or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination or to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem
our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 30 months from the closing of our initial public offering
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will
provide public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such amendment. Specifically, our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: prior to the completion of our initial
business combination, we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a general meeting called for
such purpose at which public shareholders may elect to redeem their public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of
whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination by means of a tender offer (and thereby
avoid the need for a shareholder vote), in each in cash, for an amount payable in cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account as of two business days prior to the completion of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein; 

if we seek shareholder approval for our initial business combination, we will consummate the transaction only if a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination; 

we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon completion of our initial business combination (unless our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to eliminate that requirement, as we intend to propose in connection with the extraordinary general meeting to approve the Holisto Business Combination); 

if our initial business combination is not consummated within 30 months from the closing of our initial public offering, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and 

prior to our initial business
combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or
(2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 30 months
from the closing of our initial public offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. 

These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of holders
of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares present and voting at a general meeting. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, our Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we may consummate
our initial business combination only if approved by an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a
majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting in favor
of the business combination. 

Additionally, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that, prior to our initial business combination, holders of our founders shares are the only shareholders that will have the right
to vote on the appointment of directors and the right to remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of
our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any
vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founders shares and holders of our
public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

14 

Competition 

We face intense competition from other entities having a business objective
similar to ours, including private investors (either individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities,
domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well
established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in
or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local
industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors.
In the event that we are unsuccessful in consummating the Holisto Business Combination, we believe that while there are numerous target
businesses that we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants
(as reduced due to redemptions of public shares effected in connection with the Extension), our ability to compete with respect to the
acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares, it would further reduce the resources
available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating a business combination. We furthermore face competition from other newly-formed entities that may target a business combination
transaction with similar focus areas as ours, which intensify the competition that we face in achieving our objective. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Certain of our executive officers and directors have or may have fiduciary
and contractual duties to certain companies in which they have invested. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities.
If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing it. However, we do not expect these duties
to present a significant conflict of interest with our search for an initial business combination. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is
or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes
aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to
such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our Amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual
serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging
directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy
in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for
any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Indemnity 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent
any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) such
lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party
who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the
underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in
the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent
of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its
indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not
be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. 

15 

Holisto Business Combination Agreement 

Transactions, Consideration and Holisto Capital Restructuring 

Pursuant to the Holisto Business Combination Agreement,
at the closing (the Closing of the transactions contemplated thereunder (collectively, the Transactions ),
and following the Capital Restructuring (as defined and described below), (i) Merger Sub will merge with and into Moringa, with Moringa
continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holisto (the Merger (ii) units (both public
units and private units), to the extent not previously separated, will be separated into Class A ordinary shares and warrants; (iii) the
Class B ordinary shares will be converted into Class A ordinary shares; (iv) the Class A ordinary shares will be exchanged for ordinary
shares of Holisto Holisto Ordinary Shares in accordance with the ratio described below; (v) each Moringa warrant
will be converted into one Holisto warrant (on the same terms contained in the Moringa warrants, except that each Holisto warrant will
represent the right to acquire Holisto ordinary shares in lieu of Moringa Class A ordinary shares); (vi) Moringa will become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Holisto; and (vii) Moringa, as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holisto, will change its corporate name to Holisto Inc. and
will amend and restate its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association so as to be appropriate for a private company. 

The number of Holisto Ordinary Shares to be received in exchange for
each Moringa Class A ordinary share in the Merger will depend on whether the share was a public share or a private share: 

(i) each private share will automatically
be exchanged for one Holisto Ordinary Share; and 

(ii) each public share that is not
redeemed for cash pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association shall automatically become and be converted
into the right to receive a number of Holisto Ordinary Shares that is equal to the lower of: (A) 1.6 or (B) the number yielded by the
following calculations: (1) first, calculating the sum of (a) the number of Moringa Class A
ordinary shares outstanding after giving effect to all redemptions of public shares in connection with the Holisto Business Combination
(the Post-Redemption SPAC Share Number plus (b) 1,725,000 (which may be increased by mutual written consent
of Moringa and Holisto), and (2) second, dividing the result of the immediately preceding sub-clause (1) by the Post-Redemption SPAC
Share Number (the Bonus Plan Adjustment ). Under this formula, the more Moringa shares that are redeemed, the greater
the number of Holisto Ordinary Shares that will be issued in respect of one public Share. The maximum ratio will be 1.6 Holisto Ordinary
Shares for each public share exchanged in the Merger, which is the ratio if 75 or more of public shares are redeemed, and the minimum
ratio will be 1.15 Holisto Ordinary Shares for each public share exchanged in the Merger. 

Because more than 75 of the public shares were redeemed in connection
with the Extension Meeting, each remaining public share that is not redeemed in connection with the Holisto Business Combination will
be entitled to receive 1.6 Holisto Ordinary Shares. 

Prior to the Closing, but subject to the completion of the Closing,
Holisto will effect a capital restructuring of its outstanding equity securities (the Capital Restructuring so that
the only class of outstanding equity of Holisto will be Holisto Ordinary Shares (along with certain options and warrants to be rolled
over in connection with the Transactions). To effect the Capital Restructuring, (i) warrants to purchase Holisto Ordinary Shares, Ordinary
A Shares and Preferred Shares (with certain exceptions) will be automatically exercised in accordance with their terms; (ii) each existing
Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE that is outstanding for Holisto securities as of the date of the Business Combination Agreement
(excluding any New SAFE Agreement) will be converted automatically into Holisto Ordinary Shares in accordance with the terms of the SAFE
agreements; (iii) the preferred shares and ordinary A shares of Holisto (including preferred shares and ordinary A shares issuable upon
exercise of warrants that are exercised as part of the Capital Restructuring) will be converted into Holisto Ordinary Shares in accordance
with their terms with the result that only Holisto Ordinary Shares will be outstanding. Holisto will then effect a share split, to become
effective immediately prior to the Closing, and subject to the effectiveness of the Merger, pursuant to which each Holisto Ordinary Share
outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (but after the exercises and conversions described above, and
excluding and prior to the issuance of any shares pursuant to a New SAFE Agreement) will be converted into the number of Holisto Ordinary
Shares computed by (A) multiplying each such Holisto Ordinary Share by (B) the conversion ratio described below (the Conversion
Ratio and (iv) with respect to outstanding options and warrants to purchase Holisto Ordinary Shares that are not exercised
as part of the Capital Restructuring, the number of Holisto Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of those securities, as well as the
exercise price of those securities, will be adjusted in accordance with the Conversion Ratio. The Conversion Ratio is based on a certain
valuation for Holisto plus the amount actually invested pursuant to the New SAFE Agreements, and an assumed share price of 10.00 per
Holisto Ordinary Share. 

The Business Combination Agreement does not provide for any purchase price adjustments to
the Conversion Ratio as part of the pre-Closing Capital Restructuring. 

16 

Representations and Warranties 

The Holisto Business Combination Agreement
contains a number of representations and warranties made by each of Moringa and Holisto as of the date of the Holisto Business Combination
Agreement or other specified dates. Certain of the representations and warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect
(as defined below), as well as information provided in the disclosure schedules to the Holisto Business Combination Agreement. As used
in the Holisto Business Combination Agreement, Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to any specified person
or entity, an event or change that has a material adverse effect upon (a) the business, assets, liabilities, results of operations, prospects
or condition (financial or otherwise) of such entity and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (b) the ability of such entity or any
of its subsidiaries to consummate the Transactions contemplated by the Holisto Business Combination Agreement or the ancillary agreements
to which it is a party or bound, or to perform its related obligations, on a timely basis, in each case, subject to certain conditions
and exceptions. 

No Survival 

The representations and warranties of the
parties contained in the Holisto Business Combination Agreement terminate as of, and do not survive, the Closing, and there are no indemnification
rights for another party s breach, subject to any party s right to claim fraud by another party. The covenants and agreements
of the parties contained in the Holisto Business Combination Agreement do not survive the Closing, except for (i) those covenants and
agreements to be performed after the Closing, which covenants and agreement will survive until fully performed, and (ii) the case of a
claim of fraud by another party. 

Covenants of the Parties 

Each party has agreed in the Holisto Business
Combination Agreement to use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the Closing. The Holisto Business Combination Agreement also
contains certain customary covenants by each of the parties during the period between the signing of the Holisto Business Combination
Agreement and the earlier of the Closing or the termination of the Holisto Business Combination Agreement in accordance with its terms
(the Interim Period ), including those relating to: (1) providing each other access to their properties, books and
personnel; (ii) the operation of their respective businesses in the ordinary course of business; (iii) Holisto providing financial statements
to Moringa; (iv) Moringa s public filings; (v) no insider trading; (vi) notifications of certain breaches, consent requirements
or other matters; (vii) efforts to consummate the Closing; (viii) further assurances; (ix) public announcements; (x) the filing of registration
statements by Holisto; and (xi) confidentiality. Each party also agreed during the Interim Period not to solicit or enter into any inquiry,
proposal or offer, or any indication of interest in making an offer or proposal for an alternative competing transaction, to notify the
other party as promptly as practicable in writing of the receipt of any inquiries, proposals or offers, requests for information or requests
relating to an alternative competing transaction or any requests for non-public information relating to such transaction, and to keep
the other party informed of the status of any such inquiries, proposals, offers or requests for information. The Holisto Business Combination
Agreement also contains certain customary post-Closing covenants regarding, among other matters, (a) maintenance of books and records;
(b) indemnification of directors and officers and the purchase of tail directors and officers liability insurance; and (c)
use of trust account proceeds. 

17 

In addition, Holisto has agreed to obtain,
and, prior to its execution of the Holisto Business Combination Agreement, obtained its required shareholder approval for, among other
things: (i) the adoption and approval of the Holisto Business Combination Agreement and the Transactions (including, to the extent required,
the Capital Restructuring and the issuance of Holisto Ordinary Shares and warrants to the Moringa shareholders and warrant holders pursuant
to the Holisto Business Combination Agreement (including in connection with the Financing)); (ii) the approval of the restated Holisto
organizational documents, which had been approved by Holisto s directors; (iii) the composition of Holisto s post-Closing
board of directors as described below (the Post-Closing Board ), and agreed to enforce the Voting Agreements (as defined
and described below) in connection therewith; (iv) the adoption and approval of certain incentive equity plan modifications, as well as
a new equity incentive plan for Holisto in a form to be mutually agreed by Moringa and Holisto prior to the filing of the Holisto Registration
Statement, which will provide for a new pool for awards; (v) the new employment agreements for post-Closing executives; (vi) the issuance
of Holisto Ordinary Shares upon conversion of the new SAFE Agreements in accordance with their terms; and (vii) indemnification of directors
and officers and the purchase of tail directors and officers liability insurance. 

The parties made customary covenants regarding
the filing by Holisto of the Registration Statement to register the issuance of (a) the Holisto Ordinary Shares and warrants to purchase
Holisto Ordinary Shares to be issued to the holders of Moringa ordinary shares and warrants pursuant to the Holisto Business Combination
Agreement, and (b) Holisto Ordinary Shares that are issuable upon exercise of those warrants. The Registration Statement also will contain
Moringa s proxy statement to seek the approval of its shareholders to: (i) the adoption and approval of the Holisto Business Combination
Agreement, the ancillary documents related to the Transactions to which Moringa is a party, the Merger, the Plan of Merger, and the other
related transactions; (ii) the approval of the change of name of Moringa as the surviving company of the Merger to Holisto Inc. 
(iii) the approval and adoption of the restated articles of association of Moringa (as a subsidiary of Holisto) upon the Merger; (iv)
such other matters as Holisto and Moringa shall mutually determine to be necessary or appropriate in order to effect the Transactions;
and (v) the adjournment of the Moringa shareholders meeting, if necessary. 

Holisto agreed to file with the SEC, within
30 days of the Closing, an additional registration statement, on Form F-1 under the Securities Act (the Form F-1 Registration
Statement ), covering the (i) sale of Holisto Ordinary Shares which are held by certain existing shareholders of Holisto and
that are issuable to certain shareholders of Moringa pursuant to the Transactions, who are parties to an amended shareholder rights agreement
to be entered into (the Amended SRA and the registration rights agreement that will replace the registration rights
agreement of Moringa, dated February 19, 2021 (such replacement agreement, the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement ),
respectively, (ii) sale of Holisto Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of warrants held by certain current shareholders of Holisto
who have registration rights, and (iii) sale of Holisto warrants and Holisto Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of Holisto warrants
which are to be held by certain shareholders of Moringa who are parties to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. 

18 

The agreement provides that the Post-Closing
Board will consist of seven directors, consisting of four directors designated prior to the Closing by Holisto, at least two of whom will
be considered independent under the requirements of Nasdaq, one director designated prior to the Closing by Moringa, and two independent
directors (under the Nasdaq definition) to be designated by Holisto, subject to Moringa s consent (not to be unreasonably withheld,
delayed or conditioned). Following the closing, Holisto s chief executive officer and chief financial officer will be the same individuals
(in the same office) as that of Holisto immediately prior to the Closing. 

In connection with the execution of the Holisto
Business Combination Agreement, Holisto intends to enter into employment agreements with certain of its senior employees, which will include
non-competition and non-solicitation undertakings by those employees, in each case effective as of the Closing, each of which will be
in a form to be agreed upon by Holisto and Moringa. Pursuant to the employment agreements, Holisto intends to grant options to its three
founders. 

Conditions to Closing 

The Holisto Business Combination Agreement
contains customary conditions to Closing, including the following mutual conditions of the parties (unless waived): (i) approval of the
shareholders of Moringa and Holisto; (ii) approvals of any required governmental authorities; (iii) no law or order preventing the Transactions;
(iv) the Holisto Registration Statement having been declared effective by the SEC and no stop order having been issued by the SEC; (v)
upon the Closing, Holisto is in compliance with any set of Nasdaq Stock Market listing requirements ;
and (vi) approval of Holisto s Nasdaq listing application. 

In addition, unless waived by Holisto, the
obligations of Holisto and Merger Sub to consummate the Transactions are subject to the satisfaction of the following additional Closing
conditions, in addition to the delivery by Moringa of customary certificates and other Closing deliverables: (i) the representations and
warranties of Moringa being true and correct as of the date of the Holisto Business Combination Agreement and as of the Closing (subject
to certain materiality qualifiers); (ii) Moringa having performed in all material respects its obligations and complied in all material
respects with its covenants and agreements under the Holisto Business Combination Agreement required to be performed or complied with
by it on or prior to the date of the Closing; and (iii) the execution of the Founder Lock-Up Agreement (as defined and described below)
by the sponsor. 

Unless waived by Moringa, the obligations
of Moringa to consummate the Transactions are subject to, among other matters, the satisfaction of the following additional Closing conditions,
in addition to the delivery by Holisto and Merger Sub of customary certificates and other Closing deliverables: (i) the representations
and warranties of Holisto and Merger Sub being true and correct as of the date of the Holisto Business Combination Agreement and as of
the Closing (subject to certain materiality qualifiers); (ii) Holisto and Merger Sub having performed in all material respects their respective
obligations and complied in all material respects with their respective covenants and agreements under the Holisto Business Combination
Agreement required to be performed or complied with by them on or prior to the date of the Closing; (iii) absence of any Material Adverse
Effect with respect to Holisto and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis since the date of the Holisto Business Combination Agreement
which is continuing and uncured; (iv) each of certain lock-up agreements, certain new employment agreements, the Amended SRA, the Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, and the director and officer indemnification agreements shall be in full force and effect
in accordance with the terms thereof as of the Closing and the existing investor rights agreements shall have been terminated; (v) certain
new financing agreements from existing investors in Hoolisto (the New SAFE Agreements shall have been converted
into Holisto Ordinary Shares in accordance with their terms; (vi) Holisto shall have consummated the Capital Restructuring; (vii) the
amended and restated articles of association of Moringa shall have been duly adopted effective as of the effective time of the Merger;
and (viii) the members of the Post-Closing Board shall have been elected or appointed as of the Closing in accordance with the composition
required by the Holisto Business Combination Agreement. 

Termination 

Following Amendments No. 1 and No. 2 to the
Holisto Business Combination Agreement, either Moringa or Holisto may terminate the agreement upon
written notice to the other party, given that the Holisto Business Combination was not consummated on or prior to January 1, 2023. 

19 

If the Holisto Business Combination Agreement
is terminated, all further obligations of the parties under the Holisto Business Combination Agreement (except for certain obligations
related to publicity, confidentiality, fees and expenses, trust fund waiver, no recourse, termination and general provisions) will terminate,
and no party to the Holisto Business Combination Agreement will have any further liability to any other party thereto except for liability
for fraud or for willful breach of the Holisto Business Combination Agreement prior to termination. 

Trust Account Waiver 

Holisto and Merger Sub each agreed that they
and their affiliates will not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any money in the trust account held for Moringa s
public shareholders, and agreed not to, and waived any right to, make any claim against the trust account (including any distributions
therefrom) other than in connection with the Closing. 

Governing Law 

The Holisto Business Combination Agreement
is governed by the laws of the State of New York and the parties are subject to exclusive jurisdiction of federal and state courts located
in the State of New York (and any appellate courts thereof). 

A copy of the Holisto Business Combination
Agreement serves as Exhibit 2.1 to this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing description of the Holisto
Business Combination Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 

Related Agreements 

Shareholder Voting and Support Agreement 

Simultaneously with the execution and delivery
of the Holisto Business Combination Agreement, certain shareholders of Holisto (as listed in the agreement), Holisto, and Moringa entered
into a shareholder voting and support agreement (the Shareholder Voting and Support Agreement ). Pursuant to such
agreement, each shareholder irrevocably and unconditionally agreed that, at any meeting of the shareholders of Holisto (whether annual
or special and whether or not an adjourned or postponed meeting), including any class meetings, class votes or class consents, and in
connection with any written consent of shareholders of Holisto, such shareholder shall, and shall cause any other holder of record of
any of the such shareholder s covered shares to: (a) if and when such meeting is held, appear at such meeting (in person or by proxy),
and if a quorum is not present, to vote (in person or by proxy) in favor of adjournment of such meeting of the shareholders to a later
date, as in accordance with Holisto s Articles of Association as in effect at such time; (b) vote, in person or by proxy, or validly
execute and deliver any written consent with respect to all of the shareholder s Covered Shares (as defined therein) in favor of
the resolutions in the form attached to the agreement and any other resolutions in favor of (i) the Merger and the adoption of the Holisto
Business Combination Agreement and any other matters necessary or reasonably requested by Holisto for consummation of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the Holisto Business Combination Agreement; (c) vote, in person or by proxy, or validly execute and
deliver any written consent with respect to all of the shareholder s Covered Shares against (A) any transaction, action or agreement
of any kind (other than the Merger pursuant to the Holisto Business Combination Agreement) concerning the sale or transfer of (x) all
or any material part of the business or assets of Holisto or (y) any of the shares or other equity interests or profits of Holisto, that
would reasonably be expected to (i) frustrate the purposes of, impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or adversely affect the Busiess
Combination with Moringa (including the consummation thereof), (ii) result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or
other obligation or agreement of Holisto under the Holisto Business Combination Agreement, or cause any of the conditions to Closing set
forth in the Holisto Business Combination Agreement not to be fulfilled or satisfied, or (iii) result in a breach of any covenant, representation
or warranty or other obligation or agreement of the shareholder contained in the Shareholder Voting and Support Agreement and (B) any
merger agreement or merger (other than the Holisto Business Combination Agreement and the Merger), consolidation, combination, sale of
all or substantially all assets, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or
by Holisto. Each shareholder of Holisto party to the Shareholder Voting and Support Agreement granted a proxy in furtherance of its voting
undertakings pursuant to the agreement. 

20 

A copy of the form of Shareholder Voting and Support Agreement
serves as Exhibit 10.9 to this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing description of the form of Lock-Up
Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 

The Business Combination is expected to be consummated after obtaining
the required approval by the shareholders of Moringa and the satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions. 

As noted above, in connection with the Business Combination, on September
7, 2022, Holisto filed the Holisto Registration Statement, which includes a proxy statement/prospectus. Holisto amended such documents
on December 29, 2022 and February 7, 2023. Promptly after the Form F-4 is declared effective by the SEC, we will mail the proxy statement/prospectus
and a proxy card to each shareholder entitled to vote at the extraordinary general meeting relating to the Business Combination. For
the avoidance of doubt, this Annual Report does not give effect to the prospective Business Combination and does not contain a full description
of the risks associated with the prospective Business Combination. Such risks and effects relating to the prospective Business Combination
are described in the Holisto Registration Statement. The Holisto Registration Statement also contains a description of the business, operations,
financial condition, management, governance, capitalization and other materials terms related to the combined company following the Holisto
Business Combination, as well as information regarding the redemption process and the shareholders meeting of Moringa at which
the Holisto Business Combination and the associated transactions thereto will be brought for approval. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS
OF MORINGA ARE URGED TO READ SUCH MATERIALS (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION
WITH THE HOLISTO BUSINESS COMBINATION THAT MORINGA AND/OR HOLISTO LTD FILE WITH THE SEC BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION
ABOUT MORINGA, HOLISTO LTD AND THE HOLISTO BUSINESS COMBINATION. The Holisto Registration Statement and other relevant materials in connection
with the Holisto Business Combination, and any other documents filed by us with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC s
website (www.sec.gov) or you should contact us via phone or in writing to Moringa at 250 Park Avenue, 7th Floor, New York, NY, 10017,
and telephone (212) 572-6395 or to Holisto at Sderot Nim 2, Rishon Le Zion, Israel, telephone +972 (72-233-6381). For the avoidance
of doubt, the Holisto Registration Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto, are not incorporated by reference herein, unless
specifically stated otherwise. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our executive offices at 250 Park
Avenue, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10177. Our executive offices are provided to us by our sponsor at a minimal payment per month (included
in the fee of up to 10,000 per month that we pay to our sponsor for administrative and support services). We consider our current office
space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any employees.
We have three officers, none of whom receives compensation for serving in such capacity. Members of our management team are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until
we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that our officers or any other members of our management team devote
in any time period varies based on the status of our pursuit of a target business for our initial business combination and the current
stage of the business combination process. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with
the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported
on by our independent registered public auditors. 

21 

We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the
prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them
in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, U.S.
GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements will be required to be audited in accordance with
PCAOB standards. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some
targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal
proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. While this may limit the pool of potential
business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; however, as we are not deemed to be a large accelerated filer
or an accelerated filer, and still qualify as an emerging growth company, will are not required to have our internal control procedures
audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal
controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the
time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging
growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition
period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (1)
the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s
second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the
prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS
Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last
day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end
of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market
value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding
currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management
team have not been subject to any such proceeding. 

22 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk.
You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, before
making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results
may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part
of your investment. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination 

In connection with the Extension, approximately 77.5 of the
public shares were redeemed for cash. The extent of these redemptions and any additional redemptions in connection with voting on the
Holisto Business Combination may have a material adverse effect upon our ability to close that business combination and the ability of
Holisto, as the surviving company, to operate following the business combination if it cannot secure additional financing. 

Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provided that we had until February 19, 2023, to complete a business combination,
failing which we were to be required to liquidate. As the parties would not be able to complete the Holisto Business Combination by February
19, 2023, we held the Extension Meeting at which the Extension was approved. In connection with the Extension, we gave the holders of
the public shares the right to redeem their public shares from the trust account. In order to aid in obtaining the approval, the sponsor,
or its designee, agreed to contribute the lesser of 80,000 and 0.04 per public share that remains outstanding to the trust account on
a monthly basis as an incentive to the holders of the public shares not to redeem their public shares in connection with the Extension.
Approximately 77.5 of the public shares were redeemed for cash. We can give no assurance that such incentives will prevent holders of
public shares from exercising their right of redemption in connection with the Holisto Business Combination. Given the significant number
of public shareholders that have exercised their right to redeem as of the date of this Annual Report, the funds in the trust account
were reduced significantly, by 90.75 million, leaving approximately 26.5 million
in the trust account (including the first two deposits of 80,000 contributed by the sponsor on February 19, 2023 and March 19, 2023).
There may not be sufficient funds in the trust account to enable the parties to consummate the Holisto Business Combination, and there
is no assurance that those public shareholders that did not elect to redeem their public shares will not redeem when voting on the Holisto
Business Combination. Depending on the amount remaining in the trust account after making payment for the redemption of public shares
in connection with the vote to approve the Holisto Business Combination, Holisto may not, following the Closing, have sufficient funds
to finance its operations without additional debt or equity funding for any significant period, failing which Holisto may not be able
to continue in business. As a result of additional potential redemptions, the Nasdaq public market value initial listing requirement may
not be met, the combined company may not qualify to list on Nasdaq, and the Holisto Business Combination may not be consummated. 

We may not be able to complete the Holisto Business Combination
(or any other initial business combination) within the prescribed time frame, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.00
per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we must complete
our initial business combination within 30 months from the closing of our initial public offering (following shareholder approval of the
Extension). We may not be able to complete the Holisto Business Combination or any other initial business combination within such time
period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in
the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within
such 30 month period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest
shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. In such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than 10.00 per share, on the
redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If we are unable to complete the Holisto Business
Combination or another business combination by August 19, 2023 (or such later date as our shareholders may approve) and liquidate the
trust account, third parties may also bring claims against us and, as a result, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced
and the per share liquidation price received by our shareholders could be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

23 

If the combined company following the Holisto Business Combination
does not have sufficient financing to develop its platform and continue in business, it may incur substantial debt as part of the completion
of the Holisto Business Combination, which may adversely affect the combined company s leverage and financial condition. 

As of the date of this Annual Report, neither Holisto nor Moringa has
any financing for the combined company at and following the closing of the Holisto Business Combination. Neither Holisto nor Moringa can
give any assurance that they will be able to negotiate an acceptable financing. Any financing may significantly dilute the equity interest
of the continuing shareholders of the surviving corporation and may include unfavorable terms, including giving an investor the ability
to acquire shares at a price which is less than the market price of the ordinary shares at the time of purchase of Holisto Ordinary Shares,
whether upon conversion of a debt instrument or a takedown under an equity line of credit. Holisto and Moringa can give no assurance that
the surviving entity will be able to enter into any financing on terms that it considers reasonable and which would not hurt the combined
company s leverage and financial condition. 

If we are unable to complete the Holisto
Business Combination or another business combination by August 19, 2023 (or such later date as our shareholders may approve) and liquidate
the trust account, third parties may also bring claims against us and, as a result, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced
and the per share liquidation price received by our shareholders could be less than 10.00 per share. 

Under the terms of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (as amended by the Extension), Moringa must complete a business combination by August 19,
2023, or else must cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, redeeming 100 of the outstanding public shares and, subject
to the approval of the remaining Moringa shareholders and the Moringa board, dissolving and liquidating. In such event, third parties
may bring claims against Moringa. Although we have obtained waiver agreements from certain vendors and service providers (other than our
independent auditors) we have engaged and owe money to, and the prospective target businesses we have negotiated with, whereby such parties
have waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee
that they or other vendors who did not execute such waivers will not seek recourse against the trust account notwithstanding such agreements.
Furthermore, there is no guarantee that a court will uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in the trust
account could be subject to claims that could take priority over those of the public shareholders. 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to our company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products
sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we had discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds
in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a
waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of
the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is
deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party
claims. We have not independently verified whether the sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that
the sponsor s only assets are securities of Moringa. Accordingly, the sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to satisfy
those obligations. We have not asked the sponsor to reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set aside to cover
any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for the Transactions
and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete the Holisto Business
Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers
or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

24 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations
of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay
taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a
particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce
its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose
not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount
of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

The completion of the proposed Holisto Business Combination,
and the operations of Holisto, may be materially adversely affected by current unfavorable macro-economic trends. 

Certain global macro-economic trends that developed in the aftermath
of the COVID-19 pandemic have been adversely impacting the global economic environment. Supply chain delays, initially caused by closures
during the pandemic, and rising shipping costs, which have been exacerbated by the ongoing Russian invasion of the Ukraine, have contributed
towards inflationary pressures on many goods and commodities globally. The infusion of money into circulation as part of a loose 
monetary policy during the pandemic to encourage consumer spending, along with historically low interest rates for an extended period
of time, which were designed to ease economic conditions, further triggered upwards pressure on prices of goods and services. The high
rates of inflation globally have caused governments and central banks to act to curb inflation, including by raising interest rates, which
has been inhibiting economic activity and access to capital markets, and may cause a recession, whether in individual countries or regions,
or globally. 

These deteriorating economic conditions may adversely impact our access
to financing for the combined company upon the consummation of the proposed Holisto Business Combination, thereby frustrating our ability
to effect that combination. 

If the disruptions posed by unfavorable macro-economic conditions
continue for a further extensive period of time, our ability to consummate the proposed Holisto Business Combination, or the operations
of Holisto, may be materially adversely affected. 

If our funds being held outside of the trust account are insufficient
to allow us to operate through our Extension Date, and we are unable to obtain additional capital, we may be unable to complete our initial
business combination, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share or less, under certain circumstances. 

As of March 15, 2023, we had approximately 12,000 in cash held outside
the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient
to allow us to operate until our Extension Date, assuming that the Holisto Business Combination is not completed earlier than the Extension
Date. We might not have sufficient funds to continue paying for our ongoing operations and expenses related to the Holisto Business Combination. 

If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow
additional funds from the Sponsor under the 310,000 promissory note that we issued to it in February 2023 (under which 125,000 is currently
outstanding, and an additional 185,000 may be loaned to us by our sponsor), or from members of our management team or other third parties
to operate, or else we may be forced to liquidate. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or
from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may
be unable to complete the Holisto Business Combination. If we are unable to complete the Holisto Business Combination or any other initial
business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the
trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share (or less, under certain circumstances)
on our redemption of the remaining outstanding public shares. 

25 

Our independent
registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

We have limited cash resources, and will need
to obtain additional funds in order to satisfy our liquidity needs in our current efforts to consummate the Holisto Business Combination.
Additional financial support may be provided by the sponsor under the 310,000 promissory note that we issued to it in February 2023,
although the sponsor is not obligated to provide such support. We have already borrowed the full 1.0 million amount available under
the promissory note that we issued to the sponsor in August 2021, an additional 190,000 under two additional promissory notes that we
issued to the Sponsor in December 2022, and additional amounts of 75,000 and 50,000 on February 3, 2023 and March 15, 2023, respectively,
under a new promissory note that we issued to the sponsor on February 3, 2023. If we are unable to consummate the Holisto Business Combination
by August 19, 2023, or other later date to which such deadline may be extended, we will cease to exist. In light of the foregoing, there
may be substantial doubt raised about our ability to continue as a going concern. Please see the explanatory paragraph under
the heading Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern in our independent auditors 
report on our financial statements that appears in this Annual Report. The financial statements contained in this Annual Report do not
include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate a business combination or inability to continue as a going
concern. 

We may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

As a result of the material weakness that we identified as of the end
of the first quarter of 2021, the change in accounting for the certain complex features of our Class A ordinary shares and private placement
warrants, and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation or other disputes
which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from
the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date
of this Annual Report, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation
or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete the Holisto Business Combination or any other
business combination. 

In connection with the shareholder approval of the Holisto Business
Combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public shareholders,
which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. 

Our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their
affiliates may purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of the Holisto Business Combination, although they are under no obligation or duty to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual
acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore
agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates
purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights
or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior
elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. The price per share paid in any such
transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection
with the Holisto Business Combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination
and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of our initial business combination or to satisfy Nasdaq initial
listing requirements at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirements would otherwise not be
met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination in a situation where it may not have otherwise been possible.
If such purchases are made, the public float of the combined company and the number of beneficial holders of the combined
company s securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of its
securities on Nasdaq. 

26 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to
our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any
bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in
connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to
our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us
to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency
court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by
paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties
against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions
received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution
was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to
recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary
duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying
public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to
be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would
be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of up to 18,292 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

27 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, and consequently, you may have no
assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for Holisto or any other target business is fair to our company from
a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated
entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or from another independent entity that
commonly renders valuation opinions, that the price we are paying for Holisto or any other target company is fair to our company from
a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who
will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We will likely only be able to complete one business combination
with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private units, following redemptions, which will cause us to be solely
dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact
our operations and profitability. 

Of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of
the private units, following approval of the Extension, only approximately 26.4 million (prior to any Contributions by the sponsor) of
funds remain available in our trust fund, assuming no further redemptions. Of those funds, 4,025,000 will be paid as an advisory fee
to EarlyBirdCapital in connection with our initial business combination. 

Because of the amount of the remaining funds in the trust account and
the lack of time remaining until the Extension Date deadline by which we must complete our initial business combination, we will likely
only effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business. By completing our initial business combination with only
a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would
not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities
which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry.
Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance
of a single business, such as Holisto or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services, such as those offered by Holisto. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive
and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent
to our initial business combination. 

We are seeking an acquisition with Holisto, an early stage company,
which lacks an established record of revenue or earnings. 

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with Holisto
or another early stage company, or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks
inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business
model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and
retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors have endeavored to evaluate the risks inherent in Holisto, we may not be
able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have had adequate time to complete due diligence.
Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those
risks will adversely impact Holisto s business. 

28 

We are seeking to complete our initial business combination with
Holisto, a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that
is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we are seeking to effectuate
our initial business combination with Holisto, a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private
companies, and we have been required to make our decision on whether to pursue this potential initial business combination on the basis
of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank
check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. We cannot assure you
that we will not seek to further amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments, in a
manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check
companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. For example, blank
check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate
an initial business combination. We have also amended our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to provide for the
Extension. Any additional amendment will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law.
A resolution is deemed to be a special resolution as a matter of Cayman Islands law where it has been approved by either (1) at least
two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders at a general
meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given or (2) if so authorized
by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of
our shareholders who attend and vote at a shareholders meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law) (other
than amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval
of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders.
We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments
or further extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares who attend and vote
at a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore,
to amend our Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial
business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter
which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination
activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s shares. In those companies, amendment of these provisions
typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that any of their provisions, including those related to pre-business combination activity (including
the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of units into the trust account and not release
such amounts except in specified circumstances), may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who
attend and vote in a general meeting, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust
account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares (other than amendments relating to the appointment or removal
of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a
general meeting). Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares following the closing of our
initial public offering (excluding the representative shares, and assuming they did not purchase any units in our initial public offering),
may participate in any vote to amend our Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have
the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our Amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and
this may increase our ability to complete our initial business combination with which you do not agree. However, our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association prohibit any amendment of their provisions (A) that would affect our public shareholders 
ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance
or timing of the redemption rights provided to shareholders as described in this Annual Report if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 30 months (following the Extension) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide public shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Furthermore, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement
with us, that they will not propose such an amendment unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares. In certain circumstances, our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our Amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. 

29 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be
adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants. 

Our warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the
warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval
by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder
if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the
terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of
such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or
decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Certain agreements related to our initial public offering may
be amended without shareholder approval. 

Certain agreements, including the underwriting agreement relating to
our initial public offering, the investment management trust agreement between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers, directors (including director nominees), the registration rights agreement among
us and our sponsor and the administrative and support services agreement between us and our sponsor, may be amended without shareholder
approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders might deem to be material. For example, the underwriting
agreement related to our initial public offering contains a covenant that the target company that we acquire must have a fair market value
equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account at the time of signing the definitive agreement for the transaction with such
target business (excluding (i) the fee to be paid to EarlyBirdCapital as our advisor in connection with that transaction and (ii) taxes
payable on the income earned on the trust account) so long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq. While
we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible
that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to
any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendment may have an adverse effect
on the value of an investment in our securities. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and
report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are not deemed to be a large accelerated
filer or an accelerated filer, and qualify as an emerging growth company, therefore we are not required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we
remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with
which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding
adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

30 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

If we effect a business combination with a company located in
Israel, such as Holisto, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

Because Holisto Ltd. is located in Israel, we may face additional burdens
in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our Business Combination, and if we effect such Business Combination, we
would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. In particular, we would be subject to risks
associated with cross-border business combinations, including having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or
agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial business combination with Holisto Ltd., we
would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any
of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent
in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

transparency issues in general and, more specifically, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other anti-corruption compliance laws and issues; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

31 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If
we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination,
our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If our management following our initial business combination
is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could
lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination, any or all of our management
could resign from their positions as officers of the Company, and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination
will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar
with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive
and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

After our initial business combination, substantially all of
our assets may be located in a foreign country (such as Israel, in the case of Holisto) and substantially all of our revenue will be derived
from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to
the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government
policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically
and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy
experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease
in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with
which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business
to become profitable. 

32 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may diminish
a target business ability to succeed in the international markets. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, such as Holisto, an Israel-centered
entity, as we are planning to do, a substantial portion of revenues and income of the target business may be received in a foreign currency,
as well as a substantial portion of its expenses paid in a foreign currency, whereas its financial results will likely be recorded in
U.S. dollars. As a result, the target business financial results could be adversely affected by fluctuations in the value of local
currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. The value of the currency in our target region-Israel- fluctuates relative to the U.S. dollar
and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of that currency
against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business
combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency such as the Israeli currency (the New Israeli
Shekel) appreciates in value against the U.S. dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target
business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate a transaction with that business. 

Subsequent to consummation of the Business Combination, we may
be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant
negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the share price of our securities, which could cause you to lose
some or all of your investment. 

We cannot assure you that the due diligence conducted in relation to
Holisto has identified all material issues or risks associated with Holisto, its business or the industry in which it competes. As a result
of these factors, we may incur additional costs and expenses and we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure
our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence has identified
certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk
analysis. If any of these risks materialize, this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations
and could contribute to negative market perceptions about our securities or Holisto. Accordingly, any shareholders of Moringa who choose
to remain Holisto following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our
officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim
under securities laws that the registration statement or proxy statement/prospectus relating to the Business Combination contained an
actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

We may have limited ability to assess the management of a prospective
target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with a prospective target business such as Holisto, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited
due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove
to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management
not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination
business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders
following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon
completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon
the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of
an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business
combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

33 

Risks Relating to our Management Team 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
and to be successful thereafter is totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial
business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be
ascertained. Although some of our key personnel will likely remain with Holisto in senior management, board member or advisory positions
following our Business Combination, all of the management of Holisto will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals
we engage after our Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These
individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend
time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate
may resign upon completion of our Business Combination. The departure of Holisto s key personnel could negatively impact the operations
and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of
our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s
management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that
members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements
with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the
completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with
the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could
provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render
to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability
of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our
decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our
key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with
us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Past performance by the companies in which our management team
and our sponsor s members and affiliates have been involved may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with,
our management team and sponsor s members and affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management
team and sponsor s members and affiliates is not a guarantee of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate,
including the Holisto Business Combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team and sponsor s members
and affiliates as indicative of our future performance and you may lose all or part of your invested capital. Additionally, in the course
of their respective careers, members of our management team and our sponsor s members and affiliates have been involved in businesses
and deals that were unsuccessful. None of our officers, directors or the partners or affiliates of our sponsor have had management experience
with blank check companies or special purpose acquisition corporations in the past. 

34 

We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their departure
could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals
and, in particular, Mr. Levin, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and our other officers and directors. We believe
that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business
combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly,
will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business
combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of,
any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental
effect on us. 

Our officers and directors allocate their time to other businesses
thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could
have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors are not required to, and do not, commit
their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search
for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business
combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation,
and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also
serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them
to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote
time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion
of our officers and directors other business affairs, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. 

Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them
may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those conducted by us and, accordingly, may
have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Following the completion of our initial public offering and until we
consummate our initial business combination, we engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor
and officers and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities such as operating companies or investment vehicles
that are engaged in making and managing investments in a similar business. 

Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities
which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly,
they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts
may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject
to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

For a complete discussion of our officers and directors 
business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

35 

Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective
affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors,
officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired
or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination
with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have
a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by
us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

Since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment
in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire), a conflict
of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Prior to our initial public offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 2,875,000 founders shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by
our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. Simultaneous with the two closings of our initial public offering, our
sponsor purchased an additional 325,000 and 27,857 Class A ordinary shares, and warrants to purchase an additional 162,500 and 13,928
Class A ordinary shares, respectively. As such, our sponsor owns 3,227,857, or approximately 21.7 , of our issued and outstanding shares
after our initial public offering. The founders shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. The founders
shares- which are Class B ordinary shares- are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in our initial
public offering except that until the consummation of our initial business combination transaction, only the founders shares have the
right to vote on the appointment of directors. In addition, both the founders (Class B ordinary) shares and the private (Class A ordinary)
shares purchased by the sponsor concurrently with the offering are subject to certain transfer restrictions (unlike public shares). Furthermore,
our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their
redemption rights with respect to their shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (B) to waive
their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founders and private shares if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within 24 months (as was automatically extended to 30 months upon approval of the Extension) from the
closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame), as described
herein and in our Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

The personal and financial interests of our sponsor, officers and directors
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination
and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 30-month
deadline following the closing of our initial public offering nears, which is the current deadline for the completion of our initial business
combination. 

Since our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective
affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses if our initial business combination is not completed,
a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business
combination. 

At the closing of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf. These financial interests of our sponsor, officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a
target business combination and completing an initial business combination. 

36 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance
could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In the recent period of time, the market for directors and officers
liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. The premiums charged for such policies have generally increased
and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain
directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination
entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and
officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified
officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination,
our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior
to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity
will likely need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off
insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate
an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust
account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares
or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the
trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only in connection
with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (2)
the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our Amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the redemption rights provided to shareholders as described in this
Annual Report, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity
and (3) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months (as was automatically
extended to 30 months upon approval of the Extension) from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as
further described herein. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders
of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

We are currently not in compliance with the Nasdaq continued
listing requirements. If we are unable to regain compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements, our securities could be delisted,
which could affect our securities market price and liquidity. 

On March 28, 2023, we received a written notice (the Notice from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department indicating that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(3), which
requires us to have at least 300 public holders for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Minimum Public Holders
Rule ). The Notice is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing or
trading of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Notice states that we have 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain compliance
with the Minimum Public Holders Rule. If we are unable to regain compliance by that date, we intend to submit a plan to regain compliance
with the Minimum Public Holders Rule within the required timeframe. If Nasdaq accepts our plan, Nasdaq may grant us an extension of up
to 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice to evidence compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Rule. If Nasdaq does not accept
our plan, we will have the opportunity to appeal the decision in front of a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. 

37 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to regain compliance with
the Minimum Public Holders Rule. Our failure to meet these requirements would result in our securities being delisted from Nasdaq. We
and the holders of our securities could be materially adversely impacted if our securities are delisted from Nasdaq. In particular: 

t he
price of our securities will likely decrease as a result of the loss of market efficiencies associated with Nasdaq ; 

hol ders
may be unable to sell or purchase our securities when they wish to do so; 

we may become subject to shareholder litigation ; 

we may lose the interest of institutional investors in our securities; 

we may lose media and analyst coverage; and 

we
w ould likely lose any active trading market for our securities, as our securities may then only be traded on one of the over-the-counter
markets, if at all. 

Our initial shareholders control the appointment of our board
of directors until completion of our initial business combination and hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, they appoint all
of our directors prior to our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring shareholder vote,
potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial shareholders own 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares (excluding the representative shares and assuming they have not purchased any units in our initial public offering or in trading
on the open market afterwards). In addition, prior to our initial business combination, only the founders shares, all of which are held
by our initial shareholders, have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, and holders of a majority of our founders shares
may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers
or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Annual Report. Factors that
would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary
shares. In addition, as a result of their substantial ownership in our company, our initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence
on other actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our Amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial shareholders purchase any
Class A ordinary shares in our initial public offering or in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase
their influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial shareholders exert significant influence over actions requiring a shareholder
vote at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

38 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If: 

(i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of
less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share; 

(ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the
date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and 

(iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 

then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal
to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after
they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant; provided that the last reported sales price of
our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances,
subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like or as indicated above) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period
commencing on the date they become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption
to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to
register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants
could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to
do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the
nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than
the market value of your warrants. None of the private warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its
permitted transferees. 

Even if we consummate the Holisto Business Combination, our publicly
traded warrants may never be in the money, and they may expire worthless. 

The exercise price for our public warrants is 11.50 per share. There
can be no assurance that the public warrants will be in the money prior to their expiration and, as such, the warrants may expire worthless.
The terms of public warrants may be amended in a manner that may be adverse to the holders. The Warrant Agreement between Continental,
as warrant agent, and us, provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding public warrants
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the warrants
in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment.
Our ability to amend the terms of the warrants with the consent of a majority of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited.
Examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise
period or decrease the number of shares of Holisto purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

39 

There is currently a limited market for our securities, which
could adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

Shareholders have limited access to information about prior market
history on which to base their investment decision. The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business
combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or,
if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands,
you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be
limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers,
or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our
Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to
time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders
and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of
the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman
Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court
in the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of our shareholders and
the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial
precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared
to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate
law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the
United States. 

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts
of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the
civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the
Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the
United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although
there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will
recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the
principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment
has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be
final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands
judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of
which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held
to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought
elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more
difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling
shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

40 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class
A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain
provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions
include two-year director terms and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred
shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of
a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

After our initial business combination, it is possible that a
majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all or substantially of our assets will be located outside
the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority
of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all or substantially all of our assets will be located outside
of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their
legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated
upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

An investment in our company may result in uncertain or adverse
United States federal income tax consequences. 

An investment in our company may result in uncertain United States
federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to our units,
the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary share and the one-half warrant
included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or the courts. Furthermore, the United States federal income tax consequences of
a cashless exercise of a warrant is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our
ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized
by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend
we pay would be considered qualified dividends for federal income tax purposes. See the section titled Income Tax
Considerations for a summary of the principal United States federal income tax consequences of an investment in our securities.
Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding
or disposing of our securities. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination
within 30 months of the closing of our initial public offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 30 months before
redemption from our trust account. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within
30 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
(less up to 100,000 of the net interest earned thereon to pay dissolution expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption
and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders
from the trust account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to windup, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata,
to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable
provisions of the Companies Law. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the initial 30 months before the redemption proceeds
of our trust account become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account.
We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate
our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and then
only in cases where investors have properly sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation
will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain
provisions of our Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior thereto. 

41 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem
our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares,
such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable,
when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder
fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem
its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares
in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly
tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed.
See Item 1. Business- Effecting a Business Combination- Redemption rights. 

The warrants that are part of the units that we are offering
publicly and issuing privately, together with our grant of registration rights to our sponsor and others, may have an adverse effect on
the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and may make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

We have issued warrants to purchase 5,750,000 of our ordinary shares,
at a price of 11.50 per share (subject to adjustment as provided herein), as part of the 11,500,000 units sold in our initial public
offering. Furthermore, simultaneously with the closings of our initial public offering, we issued to our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital
in a private placement an aggregate of 190,000 private warrants, as part of the 380,000 units. Each warrant is exercisable to purchase
one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working
capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender.
Such warrants would be identical to the private warrants. 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance
and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our sponsor, management team and their permitted transferees can demand that
we register the resale of their founders shares beginning at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor and
EarlyBirdCapital, as the holders of our private units, and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their
private shares and private warrants, and the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the private warrants. Holders of
warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, may demand that we register the resale of those warrants, or the
issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of those warrants. Furthermore, EarlyBirdCapital, as the holder of the representative
shares, also is entitled to piggyback registration rights whereby it may request the registration of the resale of its representative
shares as part of an offering that will be conducted by us or by our other shareholders. 

The potential issuance of shares underlying our various groups of warrants,
together with the foregoing registration rights with respect to those shares and other shares, will allow, potentially, a significant,
additional number of our Class A ordinary shares to become available for trading in the public market. That potential development may
have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares even without there being actual additional issuances or resales.
In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude.
The shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration
to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected from the potential resale of the Class
A ordinary shares owned by our sponsor or EarlyBirdCapital, or issuable upon exercise of the private warrants or conversion of working
capital loans or their respective permitted transferees. Those resales are enabled by the registration rights. 

Our private placement warrants are accounted for as liabilities
and the changes in value of those warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

On April 12, 2021, the Acting Director of the Division of Corporation
Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC together issued a statement regarding the accounting and reporting considerations for warrants
issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants
Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies or, the SEC Warrant Statement. Among other things, the SEC Warrant Statement focused on
warrants that have certain settlement terms or warrants which do not meet the criteria to be considered indexed to an entity s own
stock, which terms are similar to those that govern our private placement warrants under the warrant agreement for all of our warrants.
As a result of the SEC Warrant Statement, we evaluated the accounting treatment of our public warrants and private placement warrants
and determined that the private placement warrants should be recorded as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in
fair value each period reported in earnings. 

42 

As a result, included on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022
contained elsewhere in this Annual Report, are derivative liabilities related to embedded features contained within our private placement
warrants. Accounting Standards Codification 815-40 , Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity , provides
for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related
to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the condensed statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair
value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, which are outside of
our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our private placement
warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. 

Our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital paid a nominal price for their
acquisition of the founders shares and representative shares (respectively). Holisto may issue additional Holisto Ordinary Shares or other
securities in connection with the Holisto Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of that business combination.
Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders further and likely present other risks. 

Our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital acquired the founders shares and representative
shares, respectively, at nominal prices, significantly contributing to the dilution to investors in our initial public offering. 

The authorized share capital of Holisto following the Holisto Business
Combination also presents the possibility of additional, substantial dilution. 

Holisto may issue a substantial number of additional Holisto Ordinary
Shares in order to complete the Holisto Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of the business combination.
The issuance of additional Holisto Ordinary Shares: 

may significantly dilute the
equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; and 

may adversely affect prevailing
market prices for Holisto Ordinary Shares. 

The Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022
may decrease the value of our securities following our initial business combination, hinder our ability to consummate an initial business
combination, and decrease the amount of funds available for distribution. 

On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction
Act of 2022, which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased by certain domestic publicly
traded corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ). However, for
purposes of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances
against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation
itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. 

As provided in the Holisto Business Combination Agreement, the redemption
of public shares in connection with the Business Combination will take place prior to the Domestication at a time when we are a Cayman
Islands exempted company. Therefore, we believe that the Excise Tax will not apply given that we will not be a covered corporation 
within the meaning of the Inflation Reduction Act at the time of the redemption of public shares. However, the U.S. Department of Treasury
has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of, the Excise Tax.
Under this authority, the U.S. Department of Treasury and the IRS have issued recent interim guidance, on which taxpayers may rely pending
promulgation of regulations, and this guidance requests comments on various issues, including at what point in time within a taxable year
a given corporation will be treated as becoming a covered corporation for purposes of the Excise Tax. If our interpretation related to
the existing provision of the Excise Tax is not correct or if future guidance were to treat us as a covered corporation for purposes of
the Excise Tax, then it is possible that the Excise Tax will apply to any redemptions of our public shares after December 31, 2022, including
redemptions in connection with the Business Combination or any other initial business combination, unless an exemption is available. Consequently,
the value of your investment in our securities may decrease as a result of the Excise Tax. In the event the Excise Tax applies, issuances
of securities in connection with a PIPE transaction at the time of our initial business combination may reduce the amount of the Excise
Tax in connection with redemptions at such time. 

43 

If the Business Combination is not consummated, the Excise Tax may
make a transaction with us less appealing to other potential business combination targets, and thus, potentially hinder our ability to
enter into and consummate an initial business combination, particularly an initial business combination in which PIPE issuances are not
substantial. Further, the application of the Excise Tax in the event of a liquidation is uncertain, and the proceeds held in the trust
account could be subject to the Excise Tax, in which case the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in
connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, 
which could result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is
included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined in the section of this Annual Report captioned Income Tax Considerations-United
States Federal Income Taxation-General of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S.
federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent
taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception (see the section of this Annual Report captioned Income
Tax Considerations-United States Federal Income Taxation-U.S. Holders-Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules ). Depending on the
particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that
we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current
taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, moreover, will not be determinable until after
the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year (of which there can be no assurance), we will endeavor
to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC annual
information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there
can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our
warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules.
For a more detailed discussion of the tax consequences of PFIC classification to U.S. Holders, see the section of this Annual Report captioned
 Income Tax Considerations -United States Federal Income Taxation-U.S. Holders-Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules. 

General Risk Factors 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any
laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination,
and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional
and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring
of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and
application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and
results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results
of operations. 

44 

We are a newly formed company with very limited operating history
and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a newly formed company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands with limited operating results. Because we lack a significant operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our
ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no
plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete
our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

EarlyBirdCapital may have a conflict of interest in rendering
services to us in connection with our initial business combination. 

We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital to assist us in connection with our
initial business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services in an aggregate amount equal to up to 3.5 of
the total gross proceeds raised in the offering only if we consummate our initial business combination. The private units purchased by
EarlyBirdCapital and its designees and the representative shares will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination.
These financial interests may result in EarlyBirdCapital having a conflict of interest when providing the services to us in connection
with an initial business combination. 

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory
matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies,
including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are
publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and
regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative and support expenses and a
diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject
to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result
in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance
practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business
may be harmed. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We currently maintain our executive offices at 250 Park Avenue, 7th
Floor, New York, NY 10177. The cost for the space is included in the up to 10,000 monthly fee that we will pay our sponsor for office
space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no material litigation,
arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

45 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) Market Information 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on
the Nasdaq under the symbols MACAU, MACA and MACAW, respectively. Our units commenced public
trading on February 17, 2021, and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants commenced separate trading on the Nasdaq on April 7, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

On March 22, 2023, there were three holders of record of our units,
20 holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares (on a stand-alone basis, apart from our units), one holder of record of our Class
B ordinary shares and one holder of record of our warrants (on a stand-alone basis, apart from our units). 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date
and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in
the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to
completion of our initial business combination. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. The payment of any cash
dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition,
our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share capitalizations in the foreseeable future. 

(d) Securities Authorized for
Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

Our sponsor s wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary purchased 325,000
and 27,857 private units, and EarlyBirdCapital purchased 25,000 and 2,143 private units, in each case at a price of 10.00 per
unit in private placements that occurred concurrently with the closings of our initial public offering in February and March 2021 and
generated aggregate gross proceeds of 3,800,000. Each private unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half warrant to purchase
an additional Class A ordinary share. Each whole private warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per
share. The proceeds from the sale of the private units were, in part, used to cover offering expenses related to our initial public offering,
and in part, were placed in a bank account (not in the trust account). If we do not complete a business combination within 30 months from
the closing of our initial public offering, the private warrants will expire worthless. The private warrants are non-redeemable and exercisable
on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor, EarlyBirdCapital or their respective permitted transferees. The sale of the
private units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

46 

Use of Proceeds from IPO 

Upon the closings of the IPO, a total of 115,000,000, comprised of
the gross proceeds from the two closings of our initial public offering, including 4,025,000 of the underwriter s advisory fee
to be paid in connection with the initial business combination was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. The proceeds of the sale of the private units was, in part, used to pay offering expenses
for the initial public offering and, in part, placed in our bank account, to be available for our working capital. 

There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from
such use as described in the Company s final prospectus (File No. 333-252615), dated February 16, 2021, which was declared effective
by the SEC on February 16, 2021. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities
by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than statements of historical fact included in
this annual report including, without limitation, statements under this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management
for future operations, are forward looking statements. When used in this annual report, words such may, should, 
 could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking
statements. 

Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include,
but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management,
as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. No assurance can be given that results in any
forward-looking statement will be achieved and actual results could be affected by one or more factors, which could cause them to differ
materially. The cautionary statements made in this annual report should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements
whenever they appear in this annual report. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements
contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking
statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements
attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated
as a Cayman Islands exempted company and incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We completed our initial public offering in February
2021, and since that time, we have engaged in discussions with potential business combination target companies, and, in June 2022, entered
into a business combination agreement with Holisto, as described in Item. 1 Business Recent Developments above. We
intend to effectuate our prospective initial business combination using (i) cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and
the private placements of the private units, (ii) cash from a new financing involving the sale of our shares and/or other equity, and/or
(iii) cash from one or more debt financings. 

47 

The issuance of additional ordinary shares
in a business combination (whether by our company or by the target company that will serve as the new public company following a business
combination): 

may significantly dilute the
equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; 

could cause a change of control
if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our (or the new public company s)
ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of the officers and directors
of the public company following the business combination; 

may have the effect of delaying
or preventing a change of control of the new public company by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain
control of it; and 

may adversely affect prevailing
market prices for the ordinary shares or warrants of the new public company following the business combination. 

Similarly, if the new public company (following
a business combination) issue(s) debt securities or otherwise incur(s) significant indebtedness in connection with the business combination
transaction, that could result in: 

default and foreclosure on
the public company s assets if its operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay its debt
obligations; 

acceleration of the new public
company s obligations to repay the indebtedness even if it makes all principal and interest payments when due if it breaches certain
covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

immediate payment of all principal
and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

the public company s
inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting its ability to obtain such financing
while the debt security is issued and outstanding; 

the public company s
inability to pay dividends on its shares; 

using a substantial portion
of the public company s cash flow to pay principal and interest on its debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
on ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on the public company s
flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in its business and in the industry in which it operates; 

increased vulnerability to
adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on the public company s
ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of its strategy
and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to its competitors that have less debt. 

As indicated in the accompanying financial
statements, at December 31, 2022 we had approximately 60 thousand of cash and cash equivalents and an accumulated deficit of approximately
 1,203 thousand. Although we raised 115 million of gross proceeds, in the aggregate, from our initial public offering in February and
March 2021, and an additional 3.8 million of gross proceeds, in the aggregate, from our private placements consummated concurrently with
the closings of our initial public offering, we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans.
We cannot assure you that our plans to complete the prospective Holisto Business Combination or a related capital-raise will be successful. 

48 

Recent Developments 

Entry into a Business Combination Agreement 

On June 9, 2022, we entered into the Business
Combination Agreement, by and among our company, Holisto, and MergerSub. The prospective transactions set forth in the Business Combination
Agreement (the Transactions will constitute a Business Combination as contemplated by our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. The Business Combination Agreement and the Transactions contemplated thereby have
been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of Moringa and Holisto, and by the shareholders of Holisto. 

The following description of the Business
Combination Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Business Combination Agreement,
a copy of which is included as Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 13, 2022. Capitalized terms used
in this Annual Report and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Business Combination Agreement. 

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
at the Closing of the prospective Transactions contemplated thereunder, and following the Capital Restructuring (as each such term is
defined and described below): (i) Merger Sub will merge with and into our company, with our company continuing as the surviving entity
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holisto (the Merger (ii) our units, to the extent not previously separated, will
be separated into Class A ordinary shares and warrants; (iii) Class B ordinary shares will be converted into Moringa Class A Ordinary
Shares; (iv) the Class A ordinary shares will be converted into ordinary shares of Holisto Holisto Ordinary Shares in accordance with the ratio described below; (v) each Moringa warrant will be converted into one Holisto warrant (on the same terms contained
in the Moringa warrants, except that each Holisto warrant will represent the right to acquire Holisto ordinary shares in lieu of Moringa
Class A ordinary shares); (vi) Moringa will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holisto; and (vii) Moringa, as a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Holisto, will change its corporate name to Holisto Inc. and will amend and restate its Amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association so as to be appropriate for a private company. 

The number of Holisto Ordinary Shares to be
received in exchange for each Moringa Class A ordinary share in the prospective Merger will depend on whether the share was issued to
the public pursuant to the registration statement relating to Moringa s initial public offering (a Moringa Public Share or whether the share was issued other than as part of Holisto s initial public offering: 

(i) each Moringa Class A ordinary
share issued to our sponsor and the underwriters for our IPO, including Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion of Class B ordinary
shares, which represent all of Moringa s ordinary shares that were not issued to the public in the IPO, will automatically be exchanged
for one Holisto Ordinary Share; and 

(ii) each Moringa Public Share that
is not redeemed for cash pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association shall automatically become and be
converted into the right to receive a number of Holisto Ordinary Shares that is equal to the lower of: (A) 1.6 or (B) the number yielded
by the following calculations: (1) first, calculating the sum of (a) the Post-Redemption SPAC Share Number (as defined below) plus (b)
1,725,000 (which may be increased by mutual written consent of Moringa and Holisto), and (2) second, dividing the result of the immediately
preceding sub-clause (1) by the Post-Redemption SPAC Share Number (the Bonus Plan Adjustment ). The Post-Redemption
SPAC Share Number is the aggregate number of Moringa Public Shares outstanding after giving effect to all redemptions of Moringa Public
Shares. Under this formula, the more Moringa shares that are redeemed, the greater the number of Holisto Ordinary Shares that will be
issued in respect of one Moringa Public Share. The maximum ratio will be 1.6 Holisto Ordinary Shares for each Moringa Public Share exchanged
in the Merger, which is the ratio if 75 or more of Moringa Public Shares are redeemed, and the minimum ratio will be 1.15 Holisto Ordinary
Shares for each Moringa Public Share exchanged in the Merger. 

49 

Because more than 75 of the public shares were redeemed in connection
with the Extension Meeting, each remaining public share that is not redeemed in connection with the Holisto Business Combination will
be entitled to receive 1.6 Holisto Ordinary Shares. 

Prior to the Closing, but subject to the completion
of the Closing, Holisto will effect a capital restructuring of its outstanding equity securities (the Capital Restructuring so that the only class of outstanding equity of Holisto will be Holisto Ordinary Shares (along with certain options and warrants to be
rolled over in connection with the Transactions). To effect the Capital Restructuring, (i) warrants to purchase Holisto Ordinary Shares,
Ordinary A Shares and Preferred Shares (with certain exceptions) will be automatically exercised in accordance with their terms; (ii)
each existing Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE that is outstanding for Holisto securities as of the date
of the Business Combination Agreement (excluding any New SAFE Agreement) will be converted automatically into Holisto Ordinary Shares
in accordance with the terms of the SAFE agreements; (iii) the preferred shares and ordinary A shares of Holisto (including preferred
shares and ordinary A shares issuable upon exercise of warrants that are exercised as part of the Capital Restructuring) will be converted
into Holisto Ordinary Shares in accordance with their terms with the result that only Holisto Ordinary Shares will be outstanding. Holisto
will then effect a share split, to become effective immediately prior to the Closing, and subject to the effectiveness of the Merger,
pursuant to which each Holisto Ordinary Share outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (but after the exercises
and conversions described above, and excluding and prior to the issuance of any shares pursuant to a New SAFE Agreement) will be converted
into the number of Holisto Ordinary Shares computed by (A) multiplying each such Holisto Ordinary Share by (B) the conversion ratio described
below (the Conversion Ratio and (iv) with respect to outstanding options and warrants to purchase Holisto Ordinary
Shares that are not exercised as part of the Capital Restructuring, the number of Holisto Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of those
securities, as well as the exercise price of those securities, will be adjusted in accordance with the Conversion Ratio. The Conversion
Ratio is based on a specific Holisto valuation, and specific share price per Holisto Ordinary Share. The Business Combination Agreement
does not provide for any purchase price adjustments to the Conversion Ratio as part of the pre-Closing Capital Restructuring. 

Contemporaneously with the execution of the
Business Combination Agreement, Holisto, Moringa and an institutional investor (the Investor entered into
a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreemen t pursuant to which Holisto agreed to issue
to the Investor and the Investor agreed to purchase from Holisto contemporaneously with the prospective Closing under the Business Combination
Agreement, on and subject to the terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, Holisto s secured senior convertible
note (the Investor Note ), and a warrant to purchase Holisto Ordinary Shares (the Financing Warrant ).
The Securities Purchase Agreement was terminated as of September 5, 2022 pursuant to Holisto s termination right, with no liability
on the part of any party, other than Holisto s obligation to reimburse the Investor for its legal counsel s fees. The Securities
Purchase Agreement, and the termination thereof are described in our Current Reports on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 13, 2022
and September 6, 2022, respectively. 

The consummation of the prospective Business Combination is subject
to certain conditions as further described in the Business Combination Agreement. For a more detailed description of the Business Combination
Agreement, please see the section titled Business Combination in Item 1 of this Annual Report 

Extension of Date to Consummate a Business Combination and Sponsor
Contribution 

On January 5, 2023 and in the period thereafter, we filed with the
SEC and distributed to our shareholders a definitive proxy statement in which we notified our shareholders that we would be holding the
Extension Meeting for the purpose of considering and voting on, among other proposals: (i) a proposal to approve, by way of special resolution,
an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to provide for the Extension i.e., to extend by
six months, from February 19, 2023 to August 19, 2023 (or such earlier date as may be determined by our board of directors in its sole
discretion), the deadline by which we would need to consummate an initial business combination (the Articles Extension Proposal ),
(ii) a proposal to amend the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2021, to which we are party with Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, to extend the term of that agreement for a corresponding period of six months to reflect the Extension
under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Trust Extension Proposal ), and (iii) a proposal
to approve, by way of ordinary resolution of the holders of the Class B ordinary shares, the re-appointment of each of Ilan Levin, Craig
Marshak, Ruth Alon, Michael Basch, and Eric Brachfeld as directors serving on our board of directors until the second succeeding annual
general meeting of our company and until their successors are elected and qualified (the Director Election Proposal ). Each
such proposal was described in more detail in the definitive proxy statement related to the Extension Meeting, which we filed with the
SEC on January 5, 2023, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

50 

On January 26, 2023, we announced that if the Articles Extension Proposal
and the Trust Extension Proposal were to be approved at the Extraordinary Meeting and the Extension implemented, our sponsor or its designees
would deposit into the trust account as a loan (a Contribution , and the sponsor or its designee making such Contribution,
a Contributor on February 19, 2023, and on the 19th day of each subsequent calendar month until the Extension Date, or
such earlier date on which our board of directors determines to liquidate the Company or an initial business combination is completed,
the lesser of (x) 80,000 and (y) 0.04 per public share multiplied by the number of public shares outstanding on such applicable date
(each date on which a Contribution is to be deposited into the trust account, a Contribution Date ). If we consummate an
initial business combination or have announced our intention to commence winding up prior to any Contribution Date, the Contributor s
obligation to make Contributions will terminate. 

On February 9, 2023, after an adjournment of two days following the
originally-designated date for the Extension Meeting, we reconvened the Extension Meeting and our shareholders approved each of the Articles
Extension Proposal, Trust Extension Proposal and Director Election Proposal. 

Upon approval of the Extension, and based on the sponsor s commitment
to make the Contributions, we issued to the sponsor a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note in a principal amount of up to 480,000,
representing the maximum potential amount of all Contributions. The note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of
(a) the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or (b) the date of our liquidation. We have not requested that the
sponsor reserve for, nor have we independently verified whether the sponsor will have sufficient funds to satisfy, any Contributions.
If a Contributor fails to make a Contribution by an applicable Contribution Date, we will liquidate and dissolve as soon as practicable
after such date and in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If we do not consummate an initial
business combination by the Extension Date, the promissory note will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will
be forfeited. 

In connection with the Extension Meeting,
8,910,433 Class A Ordinary Shares were redeemed, leaving 3,069,567 Class A Ordinary Shares of which 2,589,567 are public shares 
 outstanding. As such, approximately 77.5 of the public shares were redeemed and approximately 22.5 of
the public shares remain outstanding. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our trust account was approximately 26.4
million (prior to any Contributions by the sponsor). 

Amendments to Holisto Business Combination Agreement 

On August 17, 2022 and January 1, 2023, we, Holisto and Holisto
MergerSub, Inc. entered into Amendments No. 1 and No. 2, respectively, to the Holisto Business Combination Agreement. 

Following these amendments, the Holisto Business Combination Agreement
contains the following amended terms (which differ from the corresponding terms under the original agreement): 

(1) in the event that Holisto executes a financing transaction
before the closing of the Holisto Business Combination, any equity securities of Holisto issued or issuable pursuant to such financing
transactions will not reduce our security holders share of the combined company upon consummation of the Holisto Business Combination; 

(2) there are no longer any restrictions on either party soliciting
any alternative offers for transactions with third parties; 

51 

(3) if Holisto seeks financing alternatives and solicits other
potential transactions as alternatives to the Holisto Business Combination, it must provide us at least 24 hours prior written notice
before entering into any such financing or alternative transaction, and before making a related public filing; and 

(4) there is no closing condition for Holisto to have net tangible
assets of at least 5,000,001 upon the completion of the Holisto Business Combination; instead, Holisto will need to be approved for
listing on Nasdaq and to be in compliance with any set of Nasdaq Stock Market listing requirements immediately following the closing. 

Under Section 7.1 of the Holisto Business
Combination Agreement, as amended, either Moringa or Holisto may terminate the Agreement upon written notice to the other party, given
that the Holisto Business Combination was not consummated on or prior to January 1, 2023. Amendment No. 2 to the Holisto Business Combination
Agreement contemplates that, subject to certain conditions being timely satisfied, including our having obtained the approval of our shareholders
to the Extension (which occurred on February 9, 2023), the parties to the Business Combination Agreement will make commercial efforts
to progress towards the closing (assuming that the Holisto Business Combination Agreement is not terminated earlier). There can be no
assurance that the closing of the Holisto Business Combination (if the Holisto Business Combination Agreement is not terminated earlier)
will occur by April 1, 2023. 

Holisto Registration Statement 

On September 7, 2022, Holisto filed with the SEC the Holisto Registration
Statement, as required under the Holisto Business Combination Agreement. On December 29, 2022 and February 7, 2023, Holisto filed with
the SEC Amendments No. 1 and No. 2, respectively, to the Holisto Registration Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, such registration
statement, and the amendments thereto, are not incorporated by reference herein. 

Unless specifically stated, this Annual Report
does not give effect to the prospective Holisto Business Combination and does not contain a description of the risks associated with the
prospective Holisto Business Combination. Such risks and effects relating to the prospective Holisto Business Combination are described
in a registration statement on Form F-4, filed by Holisto with the SEC on September 7, 2022. The Holisto Registration Statement also contains
a description of the business, operations, financial condition, management, governance, capitalization and other materials terms related
to the combined company following the Business Combination, as well as information regarding the redemption process and the shareholders 
meeting of Moringa at which the Transactions will be brought for approval. 

Nasdaq Deficiency Notice 

On March 28, 2023, we received a notice from the
Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department indicating that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(3), which requires
us to satisfy the Minimum Public Holders Rule. The Notice is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no
current effect on the listing or trading of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The notice states that we have 45 calendar days
to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Rule. If we are unable to regain compliance by that date, we intend
to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Rule within the required timeframe. If Nasdaq accepts our plan,
Nasdaq may grant us an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the notice to evidence compliance with the Minimum Public
Holders Rule. If Nasdaq does not accept our plan, we will have the opportunity to appeal the decision in front of a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. 

Results of Operations
and Known Trends or Future Events 

We have not engaged in any revenue-generating
operations to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities, preparations for our initial public offering
and, subsequent to our initial public offering, searching for, and due diligence related to, potential target companies with which to
consummate a business combination transaction. We have not and will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our
initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments held in our trust account
after our initial public offering. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change
has occurred since the December 31, 2022 date of our audited financial statements contained in this Annual Report. After our initial public
offering, which was consummated in February and March 2021, we have been incurring increased expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses related to our search for
a target company. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, we had net profit of 584 thousand and net loss of 755 thousand, respectively, which were attributable to the following
factors: 

(i) 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022, gain of (x) 131 thousand due to the change in fair value of our private placement warrants, and (y) 1,686 thousand attributable to interest earned on investments held in our trust account (held for the benefit of the public holders of our Class A ordinary shares), offset, in part, by 1,232 thousand of administrative operating expenses; and 

(ii) 
 for the year ended December 31, 2021, gain of (x) 182 thousand due to the change in fair value of our private placement warrants, and (y) 6 thousand attributable to interest earned on investments held in our trust account (held for the benefit of the public holders of our Class A ordinary shares), offset, in part, by 944 thousand of administrative operating expenses. 

52 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have incurred and expect to continue to
incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. 

In early 2021, prior to the completion of
our IPO, our liquidity needs were satisfied from the availability of up to 300,000 in loans from our sponsor under an unsecured promissory
note, under which we had initially borrowed 150,000 prior to December 31, 2020 and an additional 20,000 in February 2021. The total
 170,000 balance owed under the note was repaid in March 2021 following the closings of our initial public offering. 

At the time of our IPO in February and March
2021, we raised 116,200,000 of net proceeds from (i) the sale of units to the public in the offering, after deducting offering expenses
of approximately 300,000 and underwriting commissions of 2,300,000 (but excluding an advisory fee of 4,025,000) that have been or will
be payable to the representative of the underwriters for services to be performed for us in connection with (and subject to the consummation
of) our initial business combination transaction, and (ii) the sale of private units for a purchase price of 3,800,000 in the aggregate.
Of that 116,200,000 amount, 115,000,000 (including 4,025,000 in potential advisory fees to be payable to the representative of the
underwriters for advisory services in connection with our initial business combination transaction) was deposited into a non-interest
bearing trust account. The funds in the trust account are invested only in specified U.S. government treasury bills or in specified money
market funds. The remaining 1.2 million was not placed in the trust account. As of February 9, 2023, we had approximately 26.4 million
of investments held in that trust account (prior to any Contributions by the sponsor), all of which was invested in Goldman Sachs money
market funds. In addition, the sponsor is committed to funding an additional 80,000 to the trust account on the 19 th day of
each month beginning in February 2023 until (but not including) August 19, 2023, for 480,000 in total, for so long as we have not yet
completed an initial business combination or determined to liquidate our company. 

We intend to use substantially all of the
investments held in the trust account (after reduction for payments to redeeming shareholders) including any amounts representing interest
earned on the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and excluding potential fees to be payable to the underwriters
for advisory services in connection with our initial business combination transaction), to fund our post- business combination company.
We may withdraw from the trust interest to pay taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations depend on the amount of interest and other
income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. To the extent we are acquired as part of our initial business combination (as
is the case in the prospective Business Combination with Holisto), the remaining proceeds held in the trust account (less any amounts
paid out to redeeming shareholders) will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make
other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

Subsequent to our initial public offering,
our working capital needs were initially satisfied primarily by the 1.2 million available to us initially outside our trust account.
Subsequently, in August 2021, our sponsor agreed to make available to us up to 1,000,000, which is evidenced by a promissory note that
we issued to our sponsor, and which is repayable upon the earlier of August 19, 2023 (the 30-month, liquidation deadline for our company)
or our consummation of our initial business combination. Of the amounts available under that promissory note, we borrowed 300,000 in
December 2021, an additional 300,000 in January 2022, 50,000 more in June 2022 and the remaining 350,000 that was available in July
2022. No amounts remain available to us under that note as of the current time. In addition, we have borrowed an additional 190,000 under
two promissory notes that we issued to our sponsor in December 2022, as well as (i) 75,000 borrowed in February 2023 and (ii) 50,000
borrowed on March 15, 2023, in each case under a 310,000 promissory note that we issued to our sponsor in February 2023. As of the date
of this Annual Report, 185,000 remains available to us under that February 2023 promissory note. The sponsor is not required, however,
to fund any of that 185,000 amount. 

53 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 60 thousand
of cash deposited in our bank account held outside of the trust account. We intend to use those funds and any additional funding
that we have subsequently received and may receive and that we hold outside of the trust account primarily towards activities related
to our prospective Business Combination (or any other business combination). Those activities include, in primary part, structuring, negotiating
and completing the Holisto Business Combination, securing financing (including commitment fees) for the post-business combination company,
paying for administrative and support services, and paying taxes to the extent the interest earned on the trust account is not sufficient
to pay our taxes. In addition, we use those funds outside of the trust account for payment of legal and accounting fees related to regulatory
reporting requirements, including Nasdaq and other regulatory fees, and funds for working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses and
reserves. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with the prospective Business Combination or any other initial business combination, our sponsor
or an affiliate of our sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us additional funds as may be required. If we complete our initial
business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use
a portion of the working capital held outside of the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account
would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans (all of which has been committed or may be committed to us by our sponsor
under the 1,500,000 principal amount of the various outstanding promissory notes) may be converted into warrants at a price of 1.00
per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants (that are part of the private units)
issued to our sponsor. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, as we do not
believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our
trust account. 

We believe that we may need to obtain additional
funds in order to satisfy our liquidity needs in our pursuit of an initial business combination, as we have exhausted all but 185,000
of the remaining available amounts under the foregoing promissory notes. Our sponsor is not obligated to fund that 185,000 amount. Our
actual working capital needs will depend on when our business combination is consummated. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able
to successfully consummate the prospective Holisto Business Combination or any other initial business combination. 

It is likely that we will be obligated to
redeem a significant number of additional public shares upon completion of our initial business combination, which will reduce the funds
from the trust that become available to the surviving company of the business combination. In that case, Holisto (or any other company
with which we combine) will likely need to issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with the business combination. Subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, the surviving public company would only complete such financing simultaneously with the
completion of our business combination. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, the
new public company surviving from the business combination may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations. 

If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate our trust account, which liquidation would be less than 12 months after
the date of this Annual Report. That factor, together with our need for additional funds in order to fund operations until our initial
business combination, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . Please see the explanatory
paragraph under the heading Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern in the opinion
of our independent auditor on our audited financial statements, which appears in Item 15 of this Annual Report. 

54 

Cash provided by operating activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net
cash provided by operating activities was 816 thousand. That cash provided by operating activities reflected our net profit of 584 thousand
for the year, as adjusted to reflect the following matters: 

an increase in cash due to
a decrease by 325 thousand in prepaid expenses and a 48 thousand increase in accrued expenses that were not included in our net profit;
and 

a decrease in cash in order
to eliminate a non-cash gain of 131 thousand attributable to the change in fair value of our private placement warrants and
 10 thousand attributable to a decrease in liability to a related party that was included in our net profit. 

Cash provided by financing activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net
cash provided by financing activities was 890 thousand reflecting funds that we borrowed from our sponsor under the promissory notes
that we issued to our sponsor. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital
lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay the Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000
for office space, and administrative and support services, provided to the Company. We began incurring those fees on February 19, 2021
and will continue to incur those fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination and the Company s liquidation. 

We engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor
in connection with our initial business combination to assist in holding meetings with our shareholders to discuss the potential business
combination and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the surviving
public company s securities in connection with our initial business combination, assist in obtaining shareholder approval for the
business combination and assist with press releases and public filings in connection with the business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital
a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds
of the IPO, or 4,025,000 (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable). 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Private Warrant Liability 

Please refer to Note
6 - Fair Value Measurements to our financial statements for the method and level 3 inputs used for the measurement of
the Private Warrant Liability. 

No sensitivity analysis
was provided, as the range of reasonably possible inputs would not have a material impact on our condensed financial statements taken
as a whole. 

Item 7.A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

The net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the
private units held in the trust account will be invested in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act that maintain a stable net asset value of 1.00, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to
the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

55 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The information required by this Item 8 appears in Item 15 of this
Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective
of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with
the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management evaluated, with the participation of our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, whom we refer to as our Certifying Officers, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) or Rule 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act. 

As noted in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2021, based upon an evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2021 because of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting.
A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, our management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for
certain complex features of our Class A ordinary shares and private placement warrants was not effectively designed or maintained. This
material weakness resulted in the restatement of our audited financial statement as of March 3, 2021. Additionally, this material weakness
could result in a misstatement of the warrant liability (for our private placement warrants), Class A ordinary shares and related accounts
and disclosures that would result in a material misstatement of the financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis. 

Since that time, we have been implementing a number of measures to
remediate such material weaknesses; however, as of December 31, 2022 management has not remediated the material weakness. If we are unable
to remediate our material weaknesses in a timely manner or we identify additional material weaknesses, we may be unable to provide required
financial information in a timely and reliable manner and we may incorrectly report financial information. The existence of material weaknesses
in internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of us, which could have a negative
effect on the trading price of our shares. We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will
remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise
in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these
controls. Even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not
be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 

56 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management
and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of our published financial
statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making our assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our assessments and those
criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report
of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the
JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9.C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not applicable. 

57 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Ilan Levin 
 
 57 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Gil Maman 
 
 40 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Dan Yalon 
 
 50 
 
 Advisor 
 
 Craig Marshak 
 
 63 
 
 Vice Chairman 
 
 Ruth Alon 
 
 71 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Basch 
 
 38 
 
 Director 
 
 Eric Brachfeld 
 
 61 
 
 Director 

Ilan Levin , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer . Mr.
Levin, our co-founder, has been involved, for approximately 25 years, as an executive and venture capital / private equity investor in
high tech Israel related ventures. From 2000 to 2018, Mr. Levin was a member of the Board and Executive Committee of Objet Ltd., which
as a result of a merger with Stratasys, Inc. in 2012, formed Stratasys Ltd. (NASDAQ: SSYS), the pioneer and global leader in 3D printing.
During his tenure at Objet/Stratasys, Mr. Levin held various positions including President, Vice Chairman and from 2016 to 2018, Chief
Executive Officer. From 2004 to 2009, Mr. Levin was the Chief Executive Officer of CellGuide, a developer of software-based GPS for mobile
devices. Since 1997, Mr. Levin has also served as a member of the board of directors and as an advisor for a wide variety of Israel-based
technology-related companies, including currently serving as Chairman of Vision Sigma (TLV: VISN:IT), an Israel-based real estate and
investment company. Early in his career, Mr. Levin was a practicing attorney focusing on corporate and securities related matters. In
addition to his role as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Levin also serves as the sole director and sole equity owner of
an Israeli company that serves as the sole general partner of our sponsor. Mr. Levin earned an LL.B. from Tel Aviv University and a B.A.Sc.
in Industrial Engineering from the University of Toronto. 

Gil Maman , Chief Financial Officer . Mr. Maman has extensive
experience in managing and executing global merger and acquisition transactions, joint ventures and other investment transactions in high
tech environments, having most recently served from 2018 to February 2020, as Vice President Corporate Development and Strategy at SimilarWeb,
a leading Israeli based internet company providing a globally recognized market intelligence platform, where he managed and executed merger
and acquisition, partnership and data acquisition transactions. Prior to SimilarWeb, Mr. Maman was at Stratasys (NASDAQ: SSYS) as Director
of Corporate Development, managing and executing on mergers and acquisitions, joint venture IP licensing and marketing initiatives valued
over 1 billion, and later at MakerBot as Chief Operating Officer. MakerBot is a Brooklyn-based Stratasys subsidiary focused on desktop
3D printing, where Mr. Maman was responsible for overseeing the company s operations, including corporate development, manufacturing,
supply chain and logistics, customer support, data warehouse, and analysis and information systems. Early in his career, Mr. Maman was
a strategy consultant at Kesselman Kesselman, a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, in Israel, leading
a team of associates and interns in merger and acquisition matters, including valuation analysis, accounting matters relating to deal
execution and other related services. Mr. Maman has a B.S in Accounting and Economics from Ben-Gurion University, Israel, and he is a
CPA (Israel) and has served in the IDF as a second lieutenant in the 8200 unit, an Israeli Intelligence Corps unit responsible for collecting
signal intelligence and code decryption of the IDF. 

Dan Yalon , Advisor . Mr. Yalon has, for approximately
20 years, held senior management positions at several of Israel s largest high technology companies. Since August 2020, he has been
a Venture Partner at Moringa Capital, an investment and consultancy firm and an affiliate of our sponsor. Since 2018, Mr. Yalon has served
as Chief Business Officer at SimilarWeb. From 2012 to 2018, Mr. Yalon served as Executive Vice President at Stratasys (NASDAQ: SSYS).
At Stratasys, Mr. Yalon played a key part in executing the Stratasys - Objet merger in 2012, followed by a series of over 10 acquisitions
valued at over 1 billion in the aggregate. Previously, Mr. Yalon served as Chief Strategy Officer at NICE Systems (NASDAQ: NICE), a worldwide
leader in enterprise software solutions in the customer engagement and financial compliance market segments and as Head of Strategy and
New Business Initiatives at Amdocs (NASDAQ: DOX), the global leader in business operations software for communications, cable, satellite
and other related service providers. Mr. Yalon is a graduate of Harvard Business School s AMP program and holds a dual degree of
B.A. in Business and LL.B (Law) from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. 

58 

Craig J. Marshak , Vice Chairman, and Co Founder . Mr.
Marshak has a 25-year track record in investment banking, private equity and venture capital, in each case with a significant Israel-based
focus. Since January 2010, Mr. Marshak has served as Managing Director at Israel Venture Partners, or IVP, a platform used by him and
investment colleagues to identify opportunistic Israel based global growth enterprises. Previously, Mr. Marshak served as a Managing Director,
and the Global Co-Head, of the Nomura Technology Investment Growth Fund, a merchant banking fund operated from within the London offices
of Nomura Securities, focused on growth-stage and venture capital investments in Israel, Silicon Valley and North America. Prior to holding
that position, he served as a Director, Investment Banking, in the Restructuring and International Corporate Finance and Cross-Border
Capital Markets groups at Schroders, for both its New York and London offices. Mr. Marshak started his career at Morgan Stanley s
merchant banking division in New York. Mr. Marshak has played a principal role in many investments in Israeli companies, most notably
(while at the Nomura Technology Investment Growth Fund) the first institutional round for Shopping.com (NASDAQ: SHOP) (which was sold
to eBay, after its IPO) and organizing the first institutional round for CyberArk (NASDAQ: CYBR). Mr. Marshak currently serves as a director
of Nukkleus Inc., a financial technology company whose shares are traded publicly in the U.S. He earned an A.B. in Political Science and
Economics from Duke University, as well as a J.D. from Harvard Law School. 

Ruth Alon , Director . Ms. Alon is the Founder and Chief
Executive Officer of Medstrada, which was started in 2016. From 1997 until 2016, Ms. Alon served as a General Partner in Pitango Venture
Capital, where she headed the life sciences activities and helped to facilitate the acquisition of several of the company s portfolio
companies. Currently, Ms. Alon also serves on the board of directors of a number of private and public companies as a member or chairperson,
including Vascular Biogenics Ltd. (NASDAQ: VBLT), Brainsgate and KadimaStem. Ms. Alon previously worked on Wall Street where she held
senior positions as a senior medical device analyst with Montgomery Securities (from 1981 to 1987) and Kidder Peabody Co. (from
1987 to 1993). She also managed her own independent consulting business in San Francisco from 1995 to 1996, providing broad-based services
to early-stage companies and venture capitalists in the medical devices industry. Ms. Alon was also instrumental in the establishment,
in 2005, of Israel Life Science Industry (ILSI), a not-for-profit organization which represented, as of 2005, the mutual goals of approximately
700 Israeli life science companies. She is the Co-Founder of IATI, an umbrella organization established in 2012, representing Israel s
High Tech and Life Sciences industries. Ms. Alon holds a B.A. in Economics from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, an M.B.A. from Boston
University, and an M.Sc. from the Columbia University School of Physicians and Surgeons. 

Michael Basch, Director . Mr. Basch has been, since January
2020, the Founder and Managing Partner of Atento Capital, a Tulsa-based investment firm engaged in early stage, direct venture capital
and private equity investments, as well as fund investments. Since November 2017, Mr. Basch has also worked as a consultant with the George
Kaiser Family Foundation of Tulsa, seeking investment, partnership, and other opportunities to expand Tulsa s economic footprint.
Mr. Basch has over 15 years of operational and investment experience both as an operator and executive of businesses, and as an angel
investor. From July 2014 to August 2016, he was the President of Spotad, an Israel-based mobile advertising company, and then continued
as an advisor to Spotad from August 2016 to January 2019. Prior to that time, Mr. Basch was a partner and executive of Bamko, a promotional
merchandise company, from August 2005 to August 2014. Mr. Basch also serves as an Adjunct Professor at the University of Tulsa. Mr. Basch
earned both his BA and MBA from the University of Southern California s Marshall School of Business. 

Eric Brachfeld , Director . Mr. Brachfeld has been, since
September 2014, a Founder and Managing Partner of Manhattan Venture Partners, a research-driven asset management firm specializing in
the institutionalization of a secondary market for late-stage, venture-backed pre-IPO companies. Manhattan Venture Partners has been an
investor in companies such as: Spotify, Docusign, Postmates, Lyft, Pinterest, Cloudera, Palantir, DraftKings, and Airbnb. Mr. Brachfeld
has more than 30 years of experience as an investment banker and entrepreneur and has provided financial and strategic advice and has
structured transactions for a broad range of companies and investors. Prior to launching Manhattan Venture Partners, he was a Partner
at Citizen VC, Inc., a financial technology and investment firm, where he led the firm s investment banking efforts. Mr. Brachfeld
cofounded Gentry New York, which later merged with Gentry Financial Holdings Group. At Gentry, Mr. Brachfeld was head of investment banking
and CEO of Gentry Securities, their broker-dealer subsidiary. Previously, Mr. Brachfeld cofounded and led investment banking efforts at
Ledgemont Capital Group and Indigo Ventures, firms which raised capital for and invested in early and growth stage companies. Prior to
those firms, Mr. Brachfeld was an Associate and then General Partner at McFarland Dewey Co., a boutique investment banking firm.
He began his career at McKinney Advertising. Mr. Brachfeld received a BA in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA,
with Honors, from the Stern School of Business, New York University. He holds FINRA Series 7, Series 63, Series 24, Series 79 and Series
99 licenses. 

59 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors consists of five members. Holders of our founders
shares appointed each of our directors prior to consummation of our initial public offering for a two-year term, and holders of our public
shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such term. The provisions of our Amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association regarding director term may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our ordinary
shares voting in a general meeting. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of
directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a
majority of the holders of our founders shares. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the
board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set
forth in our Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our Amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer,
Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors
be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Basch and Brachfeld, and Ms. Alon, is an
 independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee and compensation
committee are each entirely composed of independent directors meeting Nasdaq s and the SEC s additional requirements applicable
to members of those committees. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant to Nasdaq listing rules we have established two standing committees
- an audit committee in compliance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act and a compensation committee, each comprised entirely
of independent directors. In lieu of a standing nominating committee, a majority of our independent directors may recommend a director
nominee for selection by the board of directors (as described below under Nominating Committee ). 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs.
Basch and Brachfeld, and Ms. Alon serve as members of our audit committee and Mr. Brachfeld serves as the chairman of the audit committee.
Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all
of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such prospective member of our audit committee meets the independent
director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our
board of directors has determined that Mr. Brachfeld qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable
SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose
and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation,
retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting
firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and
non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing
pre-approval policies and procedures; 

60 

reviewing and discussing with
the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies
for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for
audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report,
at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and
(ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry
or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits
carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss
our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing
our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any
related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering
into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management,
the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence
with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial
statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors.
Ms. Alon and Mr. Brachfeld serve as members of our compensation committee and Ms. Alon serves as the chairperson of the compensation committee.
Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee,
all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such member of our compensation committee meets the independent
director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and Rule 10C-1 of the Exchange Act applicable to members of the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the
purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on
an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation (if any is paid by us),
evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations
to our board of directors with respect to the compensation (if any) and any incentive-compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation
policies and plans; 

implementing and administering
our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying
with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites,
special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

61 

producing a report on executive
compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending
changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its
sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible
for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation
consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser,
including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

We do not have a standing nominating committee, though we intend to
form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605
of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors.
The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or
approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration
and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Basch and Brachfeld, and Ms. Alon. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules,
all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

Prior to our initial business combination, in the event of a vacancy
in our board of directors, the board will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by holders of our ordinary shares,
for appointment by the remaining members of our board then still serving. During the entire period until our initial business combination,
only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, and not holders of our Class A ordinary shares, will have the right to appoint members of
our board. 

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications
that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director,
the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional
reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks
and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not
served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board
of directors. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors
and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with
the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written
representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all (if any) filing requirements applicable to our executive officers,
directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were fulfilled in a timely manner. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers
and employees (our Code of Ethics ). Our Code of Ethics is available on our website. Our Code of Ethics is a code
of ethics, as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to,
or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Ethics on our website. The information contained in or connected to our website is not incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report and should not be considered part of this or any report filed with the SEC. 

62 

Conflicts of Interest 

Certain of our executive officers and directors have or may have fiduciary
and contractual duties to certain companies in which they have invested. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities.
If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing it. However, we do not expect these duties
to present a significant conflict of interest with our search for an initial business combination. 

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following
fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in
what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for
the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

duty to not improperly fetter
the exercise of future discretion; 

duty not to put themselves
in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent
judgment. 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is
not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge,
skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in
relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience which that director has. 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a
position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position at
the expense of the company. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized
in advance by the shareholders; provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted
in the Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is
or will be, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, required to present a business combination opportunity to such
entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not
believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability
to complete our initial business combination. Our Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent
expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of
business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential
transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

63 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential
conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors
is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time
among various business activities. 

In the course of their other
business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities that may be appropriate for
presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. For a complete description of our management s other affiliations,
see -Directors and Executive Officers. 

Our initial shareholders have
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founders shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the
completion of our initial business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar
obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed to waive
their redemption rights with respect to their founders shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months
after the closing of our initial public offering. However, if our initial shareholders or any of our officers, directors or affiliates
acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we
do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the remaining proceeds of the sale of the private
units that are held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private warrants will expire
worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founders shares and private units will be subject to the following transfer restrictions: 

o 50 of the founders shares
will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial shareholders, and will remain in escrow, until the earlier of (i) six
months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and (ii) the date on which we consummate a liquidation,
merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization, or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results
in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

o The remaining 50 of the founders
shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial
business combination, or the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization, or other
similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their
ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, unless the last reported sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or
exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination,
in which case those shares will be released from the lock-up. 

o With certain limited exceptions,
the private units and underlying securities will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own ordinary shares and
warrants following our initial public offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular
target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors
may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These
agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to
have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination. 

Our officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such
officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to their involvement in other special purpose acquisition companies seeking business combinations,
but have agreed in connection with that potential conflict not to file publicly a registration statement for another such company until
our company signs an agreement for an initial business combination transaction without the consent of the representative. 

64 

The conflicts described above may not
be resolved in our favor. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with such a company, we would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, that
such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In addition, our sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional
investments in the company in connection with the initial business combination, although our sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation
or current intention to do so. If our sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments
could influence our sponsor s motivation to complete an initial business combination. 

In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our
public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms
of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founders shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business
combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect
to public shares acquired by them, if any. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s
memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision
may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default,
fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification
of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such,
except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. 

We may purchase a policy of directors and officers liability
insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances
and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. We also intend to enter into indemnity agreements with
them. 

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust
account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if we (i) have sufficient
funds outside of the trust account or (ii) consummate an initial business combination. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may
be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these
indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements
are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that
in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

65 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. Each of our independent directors invested, prior to the closing of our initial public offering, as a limited
partner holding a minority, non-controlling interest in our sponsor and therefore holds an indirect interest in the founders shares held
by our sponsor s subsidiary. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, and any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed
for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. In addition, we may pay a customary financial consulting
fee to an affiliate of our sponsor, which will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties
provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources
that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial
consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will
be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions
that may present conflicts of interest. Our audit committee will also review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor,
officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of
these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining
officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management
team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or
all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination.
The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s
motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after
the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business
combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our Class A ordinary shares as of the date of this Annual Report by: 

each person known by us to
be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares; 

each of our officers and directors;
and 

all our officers and directors
as a group. 

66 

Beneficial ownership is presented in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and generally reflects voting and/or investment power with respect to our ordinary shares.
Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of public or private warrants,
as those warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Class A Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Issued and Outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares (2) 
 
 5 or Greater Shareholders 

Moringa Sponsor, LP and affiliated entities (3) 
 3,227,857 (4) 
 54.3 (5) 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P. and affiliated entities (6) 
 1,130,554 
 9.4 (7) 
 
 Linden Capital L.P. (8) 
 675,000 
 5.6 (9) 
 
 Glazer Capital, LLC (10) 
 275,000 
 9.0 
 
 Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. (11) 
 199,700 
 6.5 
 
 Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. (12) 
 1,001,848 
 8.4 (13) 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 

Ilan Levin (3) 
 3,227,857 (4) 
 54.3 (5) 
 
 Gil Maman 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dan Yalon 
 - 
 - 
 
 Craig Marshak 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ruth Alon 
 - 
 - 
 
 Michael Basch 
 - 
 - 
 
 Eric Brachfeld 
 - 
 - 
 
 All officers, directors and director nominees as a group (seven individuals) 
 3,227,857 (4) 
 21.7 (5) 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the
business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Moringa Partners Ltd., 250 Park Avenue, 7 th Floor
New York, NY 10177. 

(2) Except where noted below, beneficial ownership percentage is calculated
 on the basis of 3,069,567 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. In addition, as of that date, our
 sponsor s wholly-owned subsidiary (Moringa Sponsor US L.P.) holds all 2,875,000 outstanding Class B ordinary shares, which
 will convert into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis upon consummation of our initial business combination. Other than
 the foregoing conversion provisions, Class B ordinary shares have the same rights as Class A ordinary shares, except that only Class
 B ordinary shares have the right to vote in the election of directors, as described below. Consequently, we have treated the
 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares as part of the Class A ordinary shares solely for the purposes of the presentation of our sponsor
 (and its wholly-owned subsidiary s) beneficial ownership herein (whereas for all other 5 or greater shareholders, the Class A
 ordinary shares that underlie the Class B ordinary shares are not counted as issued and outstanding and do not reduce their
 beneficial ownership of Class A ordinary shares). 

67 

(3) Based solely on a Schedule
13G filed with the SEC on February 15, 2022 by the reporting persons. The shares reported in this row are held of record by Moringa Sponsor
US L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our sponsor, Moringa Sponsor, LP, a Cayman Islands exempted
limited partnership. Moringa Partners Ltd., an Israeli company that is wholly-owned by Mr. Levin, serves as the sole general partner
of our sponsor. Mr. Levin, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, is the sole director of that Israeli company. As a
result of his ownership of that Israeli company, Mr. Levin possesses sole voting and investment authority with respect to the shares
of our company indirectly held by our sponsor. The limited partnership interests of our sponsor are held by various individuals and entities.
Mr. Levin disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by our sponsor other than to the extent of his direct or indirect pecuniary
interest in such securities. Each of our officers, directors and director nominees are direct and indirect members of our sponsor, or
have direct or indirect economic interests in our sponsor. 

(4) 
 These shares consist of 2,875,000 founders shares and 352,857 private shares contained in the private units purchased by the sponsor and/or its affiliates in a private placement that occurred concurrently with the closing of our initial public offering. 

(5) 
 This percentage is calculated based on 5,944,567 outstanding ordinary shares, consisting of 3,969,567 Class A ordinary shares and 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares (because the sponsor holds all such Class B ordinary shares). 

(6) 
 Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein. Each of these persons may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all of the reported shares and possess shared voting power with respect to all of these shares. The address for these persons is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(7) 
 This percentage, as appearing in the Schedule 13G/A filed by Saba Capital Management and its related persons with the SEC on February 14, 2023, is based on 11,980,000 outstanding Class A ordinary shares, which was the outstanding number prior to the redemption of shares in connection with the Extension Meeting, which reduced the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares. We are uncertain as to the actual number of Class A ordinary shares (if any) now held by this shareholder and what percentage that constitutes out of the current number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares (3,969,567). 

(8) 
 Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022 by Linden Capital L.P., a Bermuda limited partnership Linden Capital ), Linden Advisors LP, a Delaware limited partnership Linden Advisors ), Linden GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Linden GP ), and Mr. Siu Min (Joe) Wong. Each of Linden Advisors and Mr. Wong may be deemed the beneficial owner of all of the reported shares, which consist of 633,011 shares held by Linden Capital and 41,989 shares held by separately managed accounts. Each of Linden GP and Linden Capital may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 633,011 shares held by Linden Capital. Linden Capital and Linden GP possess shared voting power over 633,011 of the reported shares and Linden Advisors and Mr. Wong possess shared voting power over all of the reported shares. 

(9) 
 This percentage, as appearing in the Schedule 13G filed by Linden Capital and its related entities with the SEC on February 14, 2022, is based on 11,980,000 outstanding Class A ordinary shares, which was the outstanding number prior to the redemption of shares in connection with the Extension Meeting, which reduced the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares. We are uncertain as to the actual number of Class A ordinary shares (if any) now held by this shareholder and what percentage that constitutes out of the current number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares (3,969,567). 

(10) 
 
 Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on March 10,
2023 by Glazer Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Mr. Paul J. Glazer. Each of these persons may be deemed to be
the beneficial owner of all of the reported shares and possess shared voting power with respect to all of these shares. The address for
these persons is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019. 

68 

(11) 
 
 Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February
16, 2023 by Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, RGC Management Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership, Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, Mr. Steven B. Katznelson, and Christopher Hinkel. Each of these persons may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all of the
reported shares and possess shared voting power with respect to all of these shares. The address for these persons is 50 Monument Road,
Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. 

(12) 
 
 Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February
13, 2023 by Aristeia Capital, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. is the investment manager of, and
has voting and investment control with respect to the securities described herein held by, one or more private investment funds. This
person may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all of the reported shares and possess shared voting power with respect to all of
these shares. The address for these persons is One Greenwich Plaza, 3rd Floor Greenwich, CT 06830. 

(13) 
 This percentage, as appearing in the Schedule 13G filed by Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. with the SEC on February 14, 2022, is based on 11,980,000 outstanding Class A ordinary shares, which was the outstanding number prior to the redemption of shares in connection with the Extension Meeting, which reduced the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares. We are uncertain as to the actual number of Class A ordinary shares (if any) now held by this shareholder and what percentage that constitutes out of the current number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares (3,969,567). 

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founders
shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, and holders of a majority of our founders shares may remove a member
of the board of directors for any reason. In addition, because of their ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively
influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our Amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions. 

Concurrently with the closings of our initial public offering (including
the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option), our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital purchased, in the aggregate, 380,000
private units at a price of 10 per unit 3,800,000) in a private placement. Our sponsor purchased 352,857, of those units and EarlyBirdCapital
purchased 27,143, of those units. Each private unit is comprised of one Class A ordinary share and one-half warrant (to purchase one-half
Class A ordinary share). Each whole private warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to
adjustment as provided herein. The purchase price of the private units was added to the proceeds from our initial public offering held
in the trust account pending our completion of our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination
within 30 months from the closing of our initial public offering (based upon the Extension Date), the proceeds of the sale of the private
units held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private warrants will expire worthless.
The private warrants are subject to the transfer restrictions described below. The private warrants will not be redeemable by us so long
as they are held by the sponsor, EarlyBirdCapital or their respective permitted transferees. If the private warrants are held by holders
other than our sponsor, EarlyBirdCapital or their respective permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by us and
exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in our initial public offering. Otherwise,
the private warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our initial
public offering. 

Our sponsor and our officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters 
as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters. 

69 

Transfers of Founders Shares and
Private Warrants 

The founders shares and private units (including Class A ordinary shares
and private warrants comprising the private units) and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof (as applicable)
are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the letter agreement entered into by our initial shareholders
with us. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable: 

(i) in the case of the founders shares: 

(x) for 50 of those shares, until the earlier of (A) six months
after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, when the last sale price
of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations,
rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period; and 

(y) for the other 50 of those shares, for the six months after
the completion of our initial business combination transaction. 

(All founders shares will also be released from lock-up, if sooner
than the above, on the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization, or other similar
transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property.) 

(ii) in the case of the private shares and private warrants included
in the private units, and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination. 

The above-described transfer restrictions are subject to an exception,
in each case, for transfers (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of our officers or directors, any members
of our sponsor, or any affiliates of our sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individual s immediate
family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family or an affiliate of such person,
or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual;
(d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection
with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased;
(f) in the event of our liquidation prior to our completion of our initial business combination; (g) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman
Islands or our sponsor s exempted limited partnership agreement, as amended, upon liquidation of our sponsor; or (h) in the event
of our completion of a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction which results in
all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to
our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) or (g) these permitted
transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and by the same agreements entered
into by our sponsor with respect to such securities (including provisions relating to voting, the trust account and liquidation distributions
described elsewhere in this Annual Report). 

The holders of the representative shares are subject to a lock-up restriction,
which will remain in effect until three months after the completion of our initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founders shares, private units (including private
warrants), representative shares and warrants that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any ordinary shares issuable
upon the exercise of the private warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founders
shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement, dated February 19, 2021, requiring us to register
such securities for resale. The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to two registration requests (subject to our reasonable
best efforts to effect those registrations), excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our
completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under
the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. 

70 

In addition, as part of the Holisto Business Combination, the Company
also agreed that, prior to the filing of the Registration Statement, Holisto, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., the Sponsor, and with respect to
a certain aspect of the agreement, Moringa, are to enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement ), which will amend that certain Registration Rights Agreement detailed above. Pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, which will become effective as of the Closing of the Business Combination,
Holisto will assume the obligations of Moringa under the prior Moringa registration rights agreement, and, among other things, Moringa
will assign, and Holisto agreed to accept and assume, all of Moringa s rights and obligations under the prior agreement from and
after the Closing, pursuant to which Holisto will grant the holders certain registration rights with respect to certain securities of
Holisto, as set forth in the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. 

As part of the agreement, at any time and from time to time on or after
the date the Merger is consummated, the Sponsor (or its affiliates) may make a written demand for registration of all or part of their
Registrable Securities (as defined in the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement), which written demand shall describe the
amount and type of securities to be included in such registration and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. Upon receipt by
Holisto of any such written notification from a requesting holder(s) to Holisto, such requesting holder(s) shall be entitled to have their
Registrable Securities included in a registration pursuant to a demand registration and Holisto shall (i) file a registration statement i.e ., a Form F-1 or any similar long-form registration statement that may be available at such time) in respect of all Registrable
Securities requested by the Sponsor and Requesting Holder(s) pursuant to such demand registration, not more than forty five (45) days
immediately after Holisto s receipt of the demand registration request, and (ii) shall effect the registration thereof as soon as
practicable thereafter. 

Additionally, if, at any time on or after the date of the Business
Combination, Holisto proposes to file a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities,
or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for
the account of shareholders of Holisto, then it shall give written notice of such proposed filing to all of the holders of Registrable
Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of such registration statement, which
notice shall, among other items, offer to all of the holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number
of Registrable Securities. Holisto shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such piggyback registration
and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing underwriter of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities
requested by the Holders to be included in a piggyback registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of Holisto
included in such registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended
method(s) of distribution thereof. 

Holisto s obligation to file a registration statement or include
Holisto Ordinary Shares in a registration statement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement is subject to the
restriction on filing registration statements contained in the Securities Purchase Agreement with the Investor. 

A copy of the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement is
filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 13, 2022 and is incorporated by reference herein, and
the foregoing description of the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 

71 

Equity Compensation Plans 

None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. Each of our independent directors invested, prior to the closing of our initial public offering, as a limited
partner holding a minority, non-controlling interest in our sponsor and therefore holds an indirect interest in the founders shares held
by our sponsor s subsidiary. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, and any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed
for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. In addition, we may pay a customary financial consulting
fee to an affiliate of our sponsor, which will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties
provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources
that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial
consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will
be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions
that may present conflicts of interest. Our audit committee will also review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor,
officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of
these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining
officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management
team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or
all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination.
The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s
motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after
the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business
combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

In November 2020, our sponsor s wholly-owned subsidiary purchased
2,875,000 founders shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.008 per share. 

Our sponsor s wholly-owned subsidiary purchased, in private placements
that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering in February and March 2021, an aggregate of 352,857 private
units consisting of 352,857 private shares and 176,429 private warrants at a price of 10.00 per unit 3,528,570 in the aggregate). Each
private warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. Our
sponsor is permitted to transfer the private units held by it to certain permitted transferees, including our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with or related to them, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same
agreements with respect to such securities as our sponsor. Otherwise, these units will generally not be transferable or salable until
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The private warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held
by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. The private warrants may also be exercised by the sponsor or its permitted transferees for
cash or on a cashless basis. Otherwise, the private warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants that
were sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. 

We have entered into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant
to which we pay our sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying any of these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of
our initial business combination takes the maximum 30 months, our sponsor will be paid up to 10,000 per month 300,000 in the aggregate)
for office space, administrative and support services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 

72 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination
opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity
to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law. Our Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i)
no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain
from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest
or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity
for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Our officers and directors currently have and will in the future have
certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may, subject to applicable law, take priority over their duties to us.
Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed.
There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our
behalf. 

At the closing of our initial business combination, we may pay a customary
financial consulting fee to an affiliate of our sponsor, which will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held
in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event
such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships,
services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The
amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions
at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures
relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

Pursuant to a promissory note that we issued to our sponsor, the sponsor
loaned us a total of 170,000, which we used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. As of the date of this annual
report, we had repaid the entirety of that 170,000 amount under the promissory note with our sponsor. These loans were non-interest bearing,
unsecured and were due at the earlier of March 31, 2021 or the closing of our initial public offering. The loans were repaid upon the
closing of our initial public offering out of the offering proceeds not held in the trust account. The value of our sponsor s interest
in this transaction corresponds to the principal amount issued and outstanding under any such loan. 

In addition, in order to finance costs in connection with our pursuit
of a prospective initial business combination transaction, our sponsor has lent us an additional 1,315,000 pursuant to promissory notes
that we issued to our sponsor in August 2021 1.0 million), December 2022 (two promissory notes in an aggregate amount of 190,000) and
February 2023 75,000 borrowed in February 2023 and 50,000 borrowed on March 15, 2023, in each case under a 310,000 promissory note
that we issued to our sponsor in February 2023). As of the date of this annual report, we had borrowed all amounts under those promissory
note with our sponsor, other than up to 185,000 that our sponsor may make available to us (with no obligation to do so) under the 310,000
February 2023 promissory note. Loans under that note are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of August 19, 2023
(the liquidation date for our company) or the closing of our initial business combination. 

Furthermore, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us additional funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business
combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion
of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used
for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of those loans may be converted into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the
lender. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants included in the private units to be issued and sold to our sponsor. The
terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such
loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties
will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

73 

After our initial business combination, members of our management team
who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed
to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time
of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination
business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to
the founders shares, private units, representative shares and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans (if any), which
is described in Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters - Registration
Rights. 

We have entered into indemnity agreements with each of our officers
and directors, a form of which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report. Those agreements require us to indemnify those individuals
to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Cayman Islands law and to hold harmless, exonerate and advance expenses incurred as a
result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. 

Moreover, on February 9, 2023, the Company
issued a promissory note (a Promissory Note in the principal amount of up to 480,000 to the Sponsor, in connection with
the Extension. The Sponsor will pay 80,000 of such funds to the Company s trust account on or before February 19, 2023, and the
19th day of each subsequent calendar month until August 19, 2023 or such earlier date that the board determines to liquidate the Company
or the date an initial business combination is completed. The Promissory Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier
of (a) the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination, or (b) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

The foregoing description is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the Note, a copy of which is attached as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as
filed on February 9, 2023 and, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Related Party Transactions Policies 

We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or
ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance
with any such policy. 

We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible,
all conflicts of interest, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of
our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations include any financial
transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the
code of ethics that we have adopted is filed as an exhibit to this annual report. 

Our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we adopted
upon the consummation of our initial public offering, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent
that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at
which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee
will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee is required to
approve a related party transaction. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers
or directors, or our or any of their affiliates. 

74 

These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related
party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate
an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee
of independent and disinterested directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting
firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments
will be made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or any of their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in
connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other than the following payments, none of which will be made from
the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private units held in the trust account prior to the completion of our
initial business combination: 

Repayment of an aggregate of
 170,000 in loans that were provided to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses, which repayment already
occurred; 

Repayment
of up to 1,500,000 in loans that may be provided to us by our sponsor to cover expenses related to our pursuit of a business combination
transaction under promissory notes that we have issued to the sponsor; 

Payment
to our sponsor of up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services; 

Payment of consulting, success
or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our
initial business combination; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket
expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; 

Repayment of additional loans
which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements
been executed with respect thereto; and 

At the closing of our initial
business combination, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to an affiliate of our sponsor. We may pay such financial consulting
fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights,
relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination.
The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions
at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures
relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

The above payments may be funded using the net proceeds of our initial
public offering and the sale of the private units not held in the trust account or, upon completion of the initial business combination,
from any amounts remaining from the proceeds of the trust account released to us in connection therewith. 

Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that
are made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

75 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors
be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Basch and Brachfeld, and Ms. Alon, is an
 independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee and compensation
committee is entirely composed of independent directors meeting Nasdaq s and the SEC s additional requirements applicable
to members of those committees. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Kesselman
 Kesselman PwC Israel ), for services rendered for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

2022 
 2021 

(US 
in thousands) 
 (US 
in thousands) 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 80 
 85 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 48 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 80 
 133 

(1) Audit fees consist of fees
that we paid for professional services rendered by PwC Israel in connection with the audit of our consolidated annual financial statements
and services that would normally be provided by PwC Israel in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

(2) Audit-related fees consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. For 2021, these fees consisted of financial
due diligence services provided to us by PwC Israel in respect of potential target companies for our initial business combination. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial
public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre- approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior
to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a
going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre- approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed
for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in
the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

76 

PART IV 

Item 15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are
filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 1309) 
 F-3 

Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations 
 F-5 

Statements of Changes in Capital Deficiency 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-8 - F-21 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

77 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached
Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 16, 2021, by and between the registrant and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., as underwriter. (1) 
 
 1.2 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated February 16, 2021, by and between the Registrant and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., as advisor (2) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business
 Combination Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and among Holisto Ltd., Holisto MergerSub, Inc. and Moringa Acquisition Corp
 (18) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1, dated as of August 17, 2022, to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and among Moringa Acquisition
 Corp, Holisto Ltd., and Holisto MergerSub, Inc. (19) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Amendment
 No. 2, dated as of January 1, 2023, to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and among Moringa Acquisition
 Corp, Holisto Ltd., and Holisto MergerSub, Inc. (20) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Registrant. (3) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment
 to the Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (15) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (4) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate. (5) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (6) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated February 19, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (7) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated February 16, 2021, by and among the Registrant, its officers and directors and Moringa Sponsor LP. (8) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 19, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (9) 
 
 10.2.1 
 
 Amendment
 to Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2023 (16) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 19, 2021, by and between the Registrant and certain security holders. (10) 
 
 10.3.1 
 
 Form
 of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Holisto Ltd., Moringa Sponsor, L.P., any other future holders
 of Holisto Ltd. ordinary shares who may become party thereto, and Moringa Acquisition Corp (25) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 16, 2021, between the Registrant and Moringa Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. (11) 
 
 10.5.1 
 
 Private Units Purchase Agreement, dated February 19, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Moringa Sponsor US LP. (12) 
 
 10.5.2 
 
 Private Units Purchase Agreement, dated February 19, 2021, by and between the Registrant and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (13) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement entered into between the Registrant and each of its executive officers and directors. (14) 
 
 10.7.1 
 
 Promissory Note issued by the Registrant to Moringa Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. (dated August 9, 2021) 
 
 10.7.2 
 
 Amendment, dated February 9, 2023, to Promissory Note dated August 9, 2021 
 
 10.8.1 
 
 Promissory Note issued by the Registrant to Moringa Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. (dated December 6, 2022) 
 
 10.8.2 
 
 Amendment, dated February 9, 2023, to Promissory Note dated December 6, 2022 
 
 10.9.1 
 
 Promissory Note issued by the Registrant to Moringa Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. (dated December 21, 2022) 
 
 10.9.2 
 
 Amendment, dated February 9, 2023, to Promissory Note dated December 21, 2022 
 
 10.10 
 
 Promissory Note issued by the Registrant to Moringa Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. (dated February 8, 2023) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Promissory
 Note issued by the Registrant to Moringa Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. (dated February 9, 2023) (17) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form
 of Shareholder Voting and Support Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and among Holisto Ltd., Moringa Acquisition Corp and the
 shareholders of Holisto party thereto (21) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form
 of Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, entered into by each shareholder of Holisto Ltd. party thereto in favor of Holisto
 Ltd. (22) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form
 of Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, entered into by Moringa Sponsor US L.P. in favor of Holisto Ltd. (in respect of Moringa
 founder shares) (23) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form
 of Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, entered into by certain shareholders of Moringa Acquisition Corp party thereto in
 favor of Holisto Ltd. (in respect of Moringa private units) (24) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained
 in Exhibit 101) 

(1) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 

78 

(2) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 

(3) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-252615) filed with the SEC on February 1, 2021 

(4) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-252615) filed with the SEC on February 1, 2021 

(5) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-252615) filed with the SEC on February 1, 2021 

(6) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-252615) filed with the SEC on February 1, 2021 

(7) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 

(8) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 

(9) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 

(10) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 

(11) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 

(12) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 

(13) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021 

(14) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-252615) filed with the SEC on February 1, 2021 

(15) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023. 

(16) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023. 

(17) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023. 

(18) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 13, 2022. 

(19) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2022. 

(20) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023. 

(21) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 13, 2022. 

(22) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 13, 2022. 

(23) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 13, 2022. 

(24) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 13, 2022. 

(25) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 13, 2022. 

Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

79 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, on March 31, 2023. 

Moringa Acquisition Corp 

By: 
 /s/ Ilan Levin 

Name: 
 Ilan Levin 

Title: 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ilan Levin 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Ilan Levin 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Gil Maman 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Gil Maman 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Craig Marshak 
 
 Vice Chairman 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Craig Marshak 

/s/ Ruth Alon 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Ruth Alon 

/s/ Michael Basch 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Michael Basch 

/s/ Eric Brachfeld 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Eric Brachfeld 

80 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

U.S. DOLLARS 

F- 1 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

INDEX 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-3 Balance Sheets F-4 Statements of Operations F-5 Statements of Changes in Capital Deficiency F-6 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to the Financial Statements F-8 F-21 

F- 2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Moringa
Acquisition Corp 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Moringa Acquisition Corp (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes
in capital deficiency and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1(e) to the financial statements, the Company
has limited cash and has incurred losses since inception. Moreover, if the Company is unable to complete a business combination
by August 19, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. These matters raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1(e). The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits of these financial statements
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

 A member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International
Limited 

March 31, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2020. 

Kesselman
 Kesselman, 146 Derech Menachem Begin St. Tel-Aviv 6492103, Israel, 
P.O Box 7187 Tel-Aviv 6107120, Telephone: +972 -3- 7954555, Fax:+972 -3- 7954556, www.pwc.com/il 

F- 3 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

Note 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 A s s e t s 
 
 U.S. Dollars 

ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Prepaid expenses 

TOTAL ASSETS 

Liabilities and shares subject to possible redemption net of capital deficiency 

LIABILITIES: 

Accrued expenses 

Related party 
 4 

Private warrant liability 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 5 
 -
 
 -

CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION: shares at redemption value and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

CAPITAL DEFICIENCY: 
 7 

Class A Ordinary Shares, par value; shares authorized issued and outstanding (excluding 11,500,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

Class B Ordinary Shares, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

Preferred Shares, par value; shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 -
 
 -

Additional paid-in capital 
 
 - 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL CAPITAL DEFICIENCY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION NET OF CAPITAL DEFICIENCY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements . 

F- 4 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Note 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 

U.S. Dollars 

Except share data 
 
 INTEREST EARNED ON INVESTMENTS HELD IN TRUST ACCOUNT 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE 
 9 

CHANGE IN FAIR VALUE OF WARRANT LIABILITY 

NET PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION
 
 8 

BASIC AND DILUTED NET PROFIT (LOSS) PER CLASS A ORDINARY SHARE SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF NON-REDEEMABLE CLASS A AND CLASS B ORDINARY SHARES

BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER NON-REDEEMABLE CLASS A AND CLASS B ORDINARY SHARES

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CAPITAL DEFICIENCY 

Class A ordinary shares 
 Class B ordinary shares 
 Additional 

Number of shares 
 Par value 
 Number of shares 
 Par value 
 paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Total 

U.S. dollars (except share data) 
 
 BALANCE AT December 31, 2020 

Sale of Private Class A ordinary shares, net of issuance costs (see Note 3) 

Accretion for Public Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net loss for the year 

BALANCE AT December 31, 2021 

Subsequent accretion of Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption to amount as of December 31, 2022 

Net profit for the year 

BALANCE AT December 31, 2022 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net profit (loss) for the year 

Adjustments to reconcile net profit (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Changes in the fair value of the private warrant liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses 

Decrease in related party 

Increase in accrued expenses 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Sale of Public Units 
 -

Payment of underwriting commissions and offering expenses 
 -

Sale of Private Units, refer to note 3 
 -

Proceeds from a promissory note related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS HELD IN A TRUST ACCOUNT 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS HELD IN A TRUST ACCOUNT AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS HELD IN A TRUST ACCOUNT AT END OF YEAR 

RECONCILIATION OF CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS HELD IN A TRUST ACCOUNT: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments held in trust account 

Total cash, cash equivalents and investments held in a trust account 

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION REGARDING NON-CASH ACTIVITIES: 

Deferred offering costs 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units closed on February
19, 2021 (hereafter the Closing of the Public Offering). Upon that closing and the concurrent closing of the initial stage of
the Private Placement (as defined below in Note 3). was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account (discussed
in (c) below). On March 3, 2021, upon the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option for the Public Offering, the
second stage of the Public Offering the sale of Units closed. Upon that closing and the concurrent closing of
the second stage of the Private Placement, an additional was placed in the Trust Account. The Company intends to finance its
initial Business Combination with the net proceeds from the Public Offering and the Private Placement. 

. 

F- 8 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE 1 - DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (continued) : 

of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on the income accrued in the Trust Account). There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully consummate an initial Business Combination. 

following such redemptions. In such case, the Company would not proceed
with the redemption of its public shares and the related initial Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate initial
Business Combination. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining
shareholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

F- 9 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE 1 - DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (continued) : 

thousand of cash and an accumulated deficit of thousand. In connection with the Company s assessment of
going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standard Codification 205-40, Going
Concern , the Company will need to obtain additional funds in order to satisfy its liquidity needs in its current endeavors to consummate
the Proposed Business Combination, as detailed in Note 1(f), or a different Initial Business Combination, if the former does not occur. 

F- 10 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE 1 - DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (continued) : 

F- 11 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE 2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) : 

shares of Class A ordinary shares sold as parts of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature. In accordance with
the Accounting Standards Codification 480-10-S99-3A Classification and Measurement of Redeemable Securities , redemption
provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation
events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions
of ASC 480. The Company has classified all of the shares sold under the Public Units as subject to possible redemption. 

F- 12 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE 2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) : 

warrants in the calculation of diluted net profit (loss) per share, since the exercise
of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted net profit (loss) per share is the same as basic
net profit (loss) per share for each of the periods presented, and for each class. 

. From the Company's incorporation and through December
31, 2022, the Company has not experienced any losses on these accounts. 

F- 13 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE 2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) : 

. These costs, together with the
upfront underwriter discount, of were allocated between the sale of the Public Units and the Private Units. 

was allocated to the Private Warrant Liability, and therefore charged as an expense. 

(cumulative probability) likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. 

F- 14 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

units (including units sold at a second closing pursuant to the underwriters exercise of their
over-allotment option in full) at an offering price of per unit (the Units ). The Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.
(the representative of the underwriters) purchased, in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the two closings of the initial
Public Offering (the Private Placement ), an aggregate of and Units, respectively, at a price of per
Unit. 

par value, and one-half of one warrant,
with each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share (each, a Public Warrant and a Private Warrant ,
and collectively, the Warrants ). Each Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one whole Class A ordinary share at
a price of per share, subject to adjustment. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants and only whole Warrants
will trade. Each Warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and
will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
(only in the case of the Warrants sold in the Public Offering, or the Public Warrants or liquidation. 

per Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice
of redemption, if and only if the last reported sale price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per
share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders. 

of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering and the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment, or , in
the aggregate, to the underwriters at the two closings of the Public Offering. Refer to Note 5 for more information regarding an additional
fee payable to the underwriters upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination. 

F- 15 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

thousand principal amount from the Sponsor. Amounts drawn by the Company under
the note were to be used to cover finance costs and expenses related to its formation and capital raise. 

thousand under
the promissory note, out of which thousand were withdrawn prior to December 31, 2020 and an additional thousand on February 2021.
The total thousand owed under the promissory note was repaid in March 2021, following the Closing of the Public Offering. 

million to fulfil its ongoing operational needs or preparations towards an Initial Business Combination. 

thousand under the promissory note. 

thousand to fulfil its ongoing operational needs or preparations towards an Initial Business Combination. 

thousand from the promissory note given by the Sponsor. 

thousand per month for office space, utilities
and other administrative expenses. The monthly payments under this administrative services agreement commenced on the effective date of
the registration statement for the initial Public Offering and will continue until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Company s
initial Business Combination, or (ii) the Company s liquidation. 

Accrual for Administrative Services Agreement 
 -

F- 16 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

of the gross proceeds of the Public
Offering (or payable upon the Company s completion of the initial Business Combination. The Deferred Commission will
become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes the Initial Business
Combination. 

Liabilities: 

Private Warrant Liability 
 3 

F- 17 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE 6 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (continued) : 

Strike price 

Volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Change in fair value of private warrant liability measured with Level 3 inputs 

Value of warrant liability measured with Level 3 inputs at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of private warrant liability measured with Level 3 inputs 

Value of warrant liability measured with Level 3 inputs at December 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary shares of par value each to designees of the Representative (hereafter the Representative Shares)
for a consideration equal to the par value of the shares. The Representative Shares are deemed to be underwriters compensation
by FINRA pursuant to Rule 5110 of the FINRA Manual. 

F- 18 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE 7 - CAPITAL DEFICIENCY (continued) : 

, with a corresponding credit to Additional Paid-In Capital, for
the excess value over the consideration paid. The Company estimated the fair value of the issuance based upon the price of Class B Ordinary
Shares that were issued to the Sponsor. 

and Class A ordinary shares as part of the Units sold in those respective transactions.
The Units (which also included Warrants) were sold at a price of per Unit, and for an aggregate consideration of million and
 million in the Public Offering and Private Placement, respectively. See Note 3 above for further information regarding those share
issuances. 

Public Class A ordinary shares as temporary equity. The remaining Private Class A ordinary shares were classified as permanent
equity. 

Class B ordinary shares of par value each for a total consideration of thousand to the Sponsor s wholly-owned
Delaware subsidiary. Out of the Class B ordinary shares, up to were subject to forfeiture if the underwriters were to
not exercise their over-allotment in full or in part. Because the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full on March
3, 2021, that potential forfeiture did not occur. 

Preferred Shares of par value each. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

F- 19 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Accretion to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to redemption amount Accretion 
 
 -

Net loss including Accretion 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption: 

Numerator: 

Net loss including Accretion 

Accretion 
 
 -

Denominator: 

weighted average number of shares 

Basic and diluted net profit (loss) per Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption 

Non-redeemable Class A and B ordinary shares: 

Numerator: 

Net loss including Accretion 

Denominator: 

weighted average number of shares 

Basic and diluted net loss per non-redeemable Class A and B ordinary share 

Audit, bookkeeping and accounting 

Professional services 

Management fees 

Insurance 

Nasdaq fees 
 
 -

Other 

F- 20 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption were redeemed for their redemption
value, including accrued interest. As part of the redemption approximately million have been withdrawn from the Investments
held in Trust Account. 

thousand, of which thousand were withdrawn in two installments of
 thousand and thousand in February and March, respectively. The Sponsor is not obligated to loan the remaining thousand. 

thousand in which the funds shall be despoited into the Company's
trust account, in connection with the Extension. The Promissory Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon
the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination, or (b) Extended Mandatory Liquidation
Date. 

thousand. 

F- 21 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_moringaacq.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

Exhibit 4.5 

Description of Securities Registered Pursuant
to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions
of the securities of Moringa Acquisition Corp we, us or our that are registered under Section
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following description of our securities is
not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our securities. This description is summarized
from, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which are incorporated
herein by reference. The summary below is also qualified by reference to the Companies Law and common law of the Cayman Islands. 

As of March 30, 2023, we had three classes of securities registered
under the Exchange Act: our Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share; warrants to purchase shares of our Class A ordinary
shares; and units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of a redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share.
In addition, this Description of Securities also contains a description of our founders shares, par value 0.0001 per share founders
shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into Class A ordinary shares.
The description of the founders shares is necessary to understand the material terms of the Class A ordinary shares. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of a
redeemable warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement dated February
19, 2021 between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us (as defined below), a warrant holder may exercise
its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means that only a warrant may be exercised at any given time by
a warrant holder. 

 The Class A ordinary shares and warrants will begin separate trading
on the 90 th day following the date of this prospectus unless EarlyBirdCapital informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate
trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when
such separate trading will begin and holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. 

Ordinary Shares 

Class A ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of
record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders, except as required by law; provided
that, prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election
of directors, and holders of a majority of our Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. With
respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination,
except as required by law, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class.
Unless specified in the Companies Law, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange rules,
the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders.
Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving
a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Directors are elected for a term of two years. There is no cumulative voting
with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the founders shares voted for the election
of directors can elect all of the directors prior to our initial business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable
dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending
on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to
issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with
our initial business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we were
not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement
under the Companies Law for us to hold annual or general meetings to elect directors. We held an extraordinary general meeting in lieu
of annual meeting in February 2023, at which public shareholders were afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with management. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At the completion of our initial business combination, we will be required to purchase
any Class A ordinary shares properly delivered for redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated
to be 10.00 per public share. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting and, if they
do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination. Our initial shareholders have entered into
a letter agreement with us dated February 16, 2021 (the letter agreement ), pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their
redemption rights with respect to their founders shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with
respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. Permitted transferees of our initial shareholders, officers or directors will be subject
to the same obligations. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary shares sold in our initial
public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting
our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market.
Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business
combination. As a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares
would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business
combination, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of the letter agreement,
to vote their founders shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. In connection with the
extraordinary general meeting in lieu of 2022 annual meeting that we held (following adjournment) on February 9, 2023, at which the deadline
for our completion of an initial business combination under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association was extended,
many of the public shares sold in our IPO were redeemed. Following that meeting, we now have 3,069,567 Class A ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share (consisting of 2,589,567 public shares, 380,000 private shares and 100,000 representative shares), and 2,875,000 Class
B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (our initial shareholders founders shares), issued and outstanding. As a result,
we would need approximately 731,225 of the 2,589,567 remaining outstanding public shares that we sold in our initial public offering to
be voted in favor of a business combination transaction (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted, other than the 100,000
representative shares held by the underwriters for our IPO), in order to have such initial business combination approved by the requisite
66 2 / 3 majority of our outstanding ordinary shares. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter
agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. 

2 

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 30 months (following the six-month extension approved at our extraordinary
general meeting in lieu of 2022 annual meeting held in February 2023) from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (1) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the
number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as
shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in
each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
In such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than 10.00 per share, on the redemption of their shares,
and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk
factors in our accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our initial shareholders have entered into the letter agreement with
us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their
founders shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 30 months (following the six-month extension approved at
our extraordinary general meeting in lieu of 2022 annual meeting held in February 2023) from the closing of our initial public offering.
However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time period. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company
after a business combination, our shareholders at such time will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution
to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary
shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary
shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable),
upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founders Shares 

The founders shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and are
identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founders shares have
the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (1) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founders
shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founders shares may remove a member of
the board of directors for any reason; (2) the founders shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail
below; (3) our sponsor has entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which it has agreed to waive: (x) its redemption rights
with respect to its founders shares and any public shares held by it in connection with the completion of our initial business combination
(and not seek to sell its shares to us in any tender offer we undertake in connection with our initial business combination); (y) its
redemption rights with respect to its founders shares and any public shares held by it in connection with a shareholder vote to approve
an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability
to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to the redemption rights provided
to shareholders if we do not complete our initial business combination within 30 months (following the six-month extension approved at
our extraordinary general meeting in lieu of 2022 annual meeting held in February 2023) from the closing of our initial public offering,
as described in this prospectus, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity; and (z) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founders shares they
hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 30 months (following the six-month extension approved at our extraordinary
general meeting in lieu of 2022 annual meeting held in February 2023) from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will
be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (4) the founders shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary
shares as described below and (5) the founders shares are entitled to registration rights. In addition, our directors and officers have
also entered into the letter agreement with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. 

3 

The founders shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary
shares on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for Class
A ordinary shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in our initial public offering and related to the closing
of our initial business combination, the ratio at which founders shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (subject
to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B ordinary shares then in issue) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of our ordinary
shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of our initial public offering plus the number of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination (net of redemptions), excluding the representative
shares and any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination
and any private units issued to our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor, any of our officers or directors, and EarlyBirdCapital. 

With certain limited exceptions, the founders shares are not transferable,
assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will
be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination
or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00
per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least six months after our initial business combination,
or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, amalgamation,
share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Register of Members (Shareholders) 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members (i.e.,
shareholders) and there shall be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is
prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred
to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members shall be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have
legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of this public offering, the register of
members shall be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders
recorded in the register of members shall be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain
limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination as to whether the register of members
reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained
by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application
for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, the validity of those shares may
be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class
A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days following our
initial business combination. However, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless this (or another) prospectus relating to such Class
A ordinary shares and the registration statement of which this (or such other) prospectus forms a part are then current and in effect.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this (or such other) prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares and the registration statement
of which this (or such other) prospectus forms a part are not then current and in effect (respectively)within 60 business days following
the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, beginning at such time, exercise warrants on a cashless basis
pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption,
or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In the case of a cashless
exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the
quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference
between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair
market value for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 5 trading days
ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial
business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

4 

The private warrants, as well as any warrants underlying additional
units we issue to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be identical
to the warrants underlying the units being offered by this prospectus except that such warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless
basis, at the holder s option, and will not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they are still held by our sponsor or its
permitted transferees. 

We may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants
and any warrants underlying additional units issued to our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment
of working capital loans made to us), in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, 

at any time after the warrants become exercisable; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part (or another registration statement) in then in effect with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants. 

The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised
prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further
rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a
price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential
between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption
call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management
will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event,
each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between
the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair
market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 5 trading days ending on the
third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

The warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the
warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval,
by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants in order to make any change that adversely
affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The exercise price and number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on
exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share capitalization or our recapitalization,
reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A ordinary shares at a price
below their respective exercise prices. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or
equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued
Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (y) founders shares, the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more
than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date
of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then
the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or
(ii) the Newly Issued Price and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 
of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price. 

5 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate
on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate
completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to
us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A ordinary
shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary
shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted
on by shareholders. 

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our
best efforts to have declared effective a prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and
keep such prospectus current until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if
we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be
unable to exercise their warrants for cash and we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise. 

Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise
of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect
to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding. 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants.
If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round
up to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares
to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the
future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion
of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then
board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations
and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our
warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all
liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities
in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Law. The Companies
Law is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United
States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies
Law applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements . In certain circumstances,
the Companies Law allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company
and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

6 

Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies,
the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan
or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 66 2 / 3 
in value who attend and vote at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may
be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a
parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary
company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court
waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Law (which includes
certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure
is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a
declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i)
that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws
of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents
have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains issued and outstanding
or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee,
administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs
or its property or any part thereof; (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made
in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company,
the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry,
they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they
fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii)
that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent
or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance
with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to
the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective,
cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason
why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. 

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Law provides
for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation
if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to
the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the
shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following
the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each
shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent
company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment
of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in clause (b) above
or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the
surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price
that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date
on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a
price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting
shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied
by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not
been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together
with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder
whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is
reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not be available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares
of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the
relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange
or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

7 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law also has separate statutory provisions
that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more
suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme
of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the
procedure of which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the
United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with
whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors,
as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at an annual general meeting, or an extraordinary general
meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the
Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction
should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Law or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is
approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights, which would otherwise ordinarily be available
to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations, providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value
of the shares. 

Squeeze-out Provisions . When a takeover offer is made
and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates is made within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month
period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the
Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable
treatment of the shareholders. 

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an
amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through other means to these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange,
asset acquisition or control, through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. 

Shareholders Suits . Maples and Calder, our Cayman
Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have
been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases,
we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors
usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would
in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply
in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the
individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

8 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities . The Cayman Islands
has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman
Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal
counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original
actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal
securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those
circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts
of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial
on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay
the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands,
such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent
with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of
a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple
damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings
are being brought elsewhere. 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies . We are
an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law. The Companies Law distinguishes between ordinary resident companies
and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands
may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary
company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder
is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving
fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared
to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain
certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that apply to us until the completion of our initial business
combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed
to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s
articles of association) of a company s shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention
to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association,
by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
will provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general
meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given (i.e., the lowest threshold
permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

9 

Our sponsor and its affiliates, who collectively beneficially own approximately
 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering and the concurrent private placement, will participate in any
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they
choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide, among other things, that: 

if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 30 months (following the six-month extension approved at our extraordinary general meeting in lieu of 2022 annual meeting held in February 2023) from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve; 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

if a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

so long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred advisory fee and taxes payable) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

if our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 30 months (following the six-month extension approved at our extraordinary general meeting in lieu of 2022 annual meeting held in February 2023) from the closing of our initial public offering or (ii) with respect to the other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares; and 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

10 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination. We may seek shareholder approval
to have that requirement deleted from our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as part of the approval our initial
business combination. 

The Companies Law permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands
to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued
and outstanding ordinary shares present (in person or via proxy) and voting at a general meeting. A company s articles of association
may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman
Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association
provides otherwise. Accordingly, with the requisite shareholder approval, we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed
offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Nevertheless,
we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any
action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
public shares. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association 

Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preferred shares
are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future
offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved
Class A ordinary shares and preferred shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of
a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Shares Eligible for Future Sale 

Following our February 2023 extraordinary meeting in lieu of 2022 annual
general meeting, we now have 3,069,567 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (consisting of 2,589,567 public shares, 380,000
private shares and 100,000 representative shares), and 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (our initial shareholders 
founders shares), issued and outstanding.. Of these shares, the 2,589,567 public shares sold in our initial public offering will be freely
tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates
within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 3,350,000, founders and private shares are restricted securities
under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and are subject to transfer restrictions
as set forth elsewhere in this prospectus. 

Rule 144 

A person who has beneficially owned restricted Class A ordinary shares
or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been
one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange
Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted Class A
ordinary shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale,
would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period a number of
shares that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: 

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then issued and outstanding, which equals 148,500 shares immediately after our initial public offering, on an as converted basis; or 

the average weekly trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions
and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

11 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former
Shell Companies 

Historically, the SEC staff had taken the position that Rule 144 is
not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies, like us.
The SEC has codified and expanded this position in the amendments discussed above by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for resale of securities
issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer that has been at any time previously
a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however, if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

If our company remains the public company following our initial business
combination, our sponsor will be able to sell its founders shares and private units pursuant to Rule 144 without registration only one
year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founders shares, private units (including private
warrants), representative shares and warrants that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any ordinary shares issuable
upon the exercise of the private warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founders
shares), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of our initial
public offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities.
The holders of the majority of the founders shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months
prior to the date on which these Class B ordinary shares are to be released from their transfer restrictions. The holders of a majority
of the representative shares, private units and units issued to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working
capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a
business combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. may only make a demand on one occasion and only
during the five-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our
consummation of a business combination; provided, however, that EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. may participate in a piggy-back registration
only during the seven-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part.
We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq
under the symbols MACAU, MACA and MACAW . We cannot guarantee that our securities will remain
listed on Nasdaq. 

12 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.7(1)>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-7i_moringaacq.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE ISSUED BY THE REGISTRANT TO MORINGA ACQUISITION SPONSOR, L.P. (DATED AUGUST 9, 2021)

Exhibit 10.7.1 

THIS
PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT ). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE
OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE
TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

August
9, 2021 

Principal
 Amount: 1,000,000 

Moringa
Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Maker ), promises to pay to the order of Moringa Sponsor,
LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ),
the principal sum of ONE MILLION DOLLARS 1,000,000) or such lesser amount as shall have been advanced by Payee to Maker and that shall
remain unpaid under this Note on the Maturity Date (as defined below) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and
conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or
as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with
the provisions of this Note. 

1. Principal .
The entire unpaid principal balance of Note shall be payable on the earlier of: (i) February 19, 2023, or (ii) the
date on which Maker consummates its Initial Business Combination, as defined below (such earlier date, the Maturity
Date ). The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but
not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or
liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 

2. Drawdown
Requests . Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request, from time to time, up to One Million Dollars 1,000,000) in drawdowns
under this Note to be used for costs and expenses related to Maker s ongoing expenses and its preparations for its initial business
combination transaction, as described in the prospectus in Maker s registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (File Number: 333-252615) (the Form S-1 (the Initial Business Combination ). 
Principal of this Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the Maturity Date upon written request from Maker to Payee (each,
a Drawdown Request ). Each Drawdown Request must state the amount to be drawn down, and must not be an amount
less than Five Thousand Dollars 5,000). Payee shall fund each Drawdown Request no later than three (3) business days after
receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided , however , that the maximum amount of drawdowns outstanding under this Note at any
time may not exceed One Million Dollars 1,000,000). No fees, payments or other amounts shall be due to Payee in connection with,
or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker. 

3. Interest .
No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

4. Application
of Payments . All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of
any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late
charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

5. Events
of Default . The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five
(5) business days of the date specified above. 

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver,
liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its
property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as
such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in
an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator,
assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering
the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of
60 consecutive days. 

6. Remedies . 

(a)
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker,
declare this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts
payable thereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all
of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary
notwithstanding. 

(b)
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) or 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and
all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without
any action on the part of Payee. 

7. Waivers .
Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor,
protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee
under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any
property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale
under execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker
agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution
issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

8. Unconditional
Liability . Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or
enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any
other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or
consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee
with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may
become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

- 2 - 

9. Notices . All
notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Agreement shall be: (i) in writing and
delivered personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic
transmission to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such
other address or fax number as may be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail
address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such
party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if
delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic
transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after mailing if sent
by mail. 

10. Construction .
THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW
PROVISIONS THEREOF. 

11. Severability . Any
provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such
prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other
jurisdiction. 

12. Trust
Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest
or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account that was established in which
the proceeds of the initial public offering (the IPO conducted by the Maker (including the fee payable to EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc. equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds raised in the IPO, upon consummation of the Initial Business Combination, for assisting the
Maker in connection with the Initial Business Combination) and the proceeds of the sale of the units issued in a private placement that
occurred concurrently with the consummation of the IPO that were deposited in the foregoing trust account, as described in greater detail
in the Form S-1, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account
for any reason whatsoever. 

13. Amendment;
Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent
of the Maker and the Payee. 

14. Assignment . No
assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent
shall be void. 

[ Signature
Page Follows ] 

- 3 - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as
of the day and year first above written. 

Moringa Acquisition Corp 

By: 
 /s/ Gil Maman 

Name: Gil Maman 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

4 

</EX-10.7(1)>

<EX-10.7(2)>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-7ii_moringaacq.htm
 AMENDMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 9, 2023, TO PROMISSORY NOTE DATED AUGUST 9, 2021

Exhibit 10.7.2 

AMENDMENT TO PROMISSORY NOTE 

THIS AMENDMENT TO
PROMISSORY NOTE (this Amendment ), dated as of February 9, 2023, is made by and between Moringa Acquisition Corp,
a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Maker ), and Moringa Sponsor, LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership
(the Payee ). 

WHEREAS, on August
9, 2021, the Maker promised to pay to the order of the Payee, a principal sum of up to 1,000,000 (the Principal Amount ),
on the terms and conditions described in the promissory note signed and delivered by the Maker to the Payee (the Note );
and 

WHEREAS, each of the
Maker and the Payee desires to amend the Note as provided herein. 

NOW THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Definitions .
Capitalized terms contained in this Amendment, but not specifically defined herein, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in
the Note. 

2. Amendments
to the Note . 

(a) Effective
as February 9, 2023, Section 1 of the Note (Principal), shall be amended and reinstated in its entirely as follows: 

1.
 Repayment or Conversion of Principal . The entire unpaid principal balance of Note shall be payable on the earlier of: 
(i) August 19, 2023, or (ii) the date on which Maker consummates its Initial Business Combination, as defined below (such earlier
date, the Maturity Date ). The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Notwithstanding the aforesaid,
upon the Maturity Date, the Payee, by providing written notice to Maker, may elect to convert any portion or all of the amounts outstanding
under this Note into warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares of the Maker at a conversion price of 1.00 per private warrant.
Such private warrants will have an exercise price of 11.50 per underlying Class A ordinary share of the Maker and shall be identical
to the private warrants included in the private units issued by Maker to the Payee concurrently with the closing of the Maker s
initial public offering (the IPO ). Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any
officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder . 

3. No
Further Amendment . The parties hereto agree that except as provided in this Amendment, the Note shall continue unmodified, in full
force and effect and constitute legal and binding obligations of the Maker in accordance with its terms. This Amendment forms an integral
and inseparable part of the Note. This Amendment is intended to be in full compliance with the requirements for an amendment to the Note
as required by Section 13 of the Note, and any defect in fulfilling such requirements for an effective amendment to the Note is hereby
ratified, intentionally waived and relinquished by all parties hereto. 

4. References .
All references to the Note (including hereof, herein, hereunder, hereby 
and this Note in the Note shall refer to the Note as amended by this Amendment. 

5. Governing
Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel, without giving
effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. 

6. Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts
shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Amendment by electronic transmission shall
constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties
have duly executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

MORINGA SPONSOR, LP 

By: 
 /s/ Ilan Levin 

Name: 
 Ilan Levin 

Title: 
 Director 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

By: 
 /s/ Gil Maman 

Name: 
 Gil Maman 

Title: 
 CFO 

</EX-10.7(2)>

<EX-10.8(1)>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-8i_moringaacq.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE ISSUED BY THE REGISTRANT TO MORINGA ACQUISITION SPONSOR, L.P. (DATED DECEMBER 6, 2022)

Exhibit 10.8.1 

THIS PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN
ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION
IS NOT REQUIRED. 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

December 6, 2022 

Principal Amount: 90,000 

Moringa Acquisition Corp.,
a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Maker ), promises to pay to the order of Moringa Sponsor, LP, a Cayman
Islands exempted limited partnership, or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ), the principal
sum of NINETY THOUSAND DOLLARS 90,000) or such lesser amount as shall have been advanced by Payee to Maker and that shall remain unpaid
under this Note on the Maturity Date (as defined below) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described
below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined
by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this
Note. 

1. Repayment
or Conversion of Principal . The entire unpaid principal balance of Note shall be payable on the earlier of: (i) February
19, 2023, or (ii) the date on which Maker consummates its Initial Business Combination, as defined below (such earlier date, the
 Maturity Date ). The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Notwithstanding the aforesaid, upon the Maturity
Date, the Payee, by providing written notice to Maker, may elect to convert any portion or all of the amounts outstanding under this Note
into warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares of the Maker at a conversion price of 1.00 per private warrant. Such private warrants
will have an exercise price of 11.50 per underlying Class A ordinary share of the Maker and shall be identical to the private warrants
included in the private units issued by Maker to the Payee concurrently with the closing of the Maker s initial public offering
(the IPO ). Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee
or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 

2. Drawdown
Complete . Maker and Payee acknowledge that as of the date of this Note, Payee has funded the full principal amount of Ninety
Thousand Dollars 90,000) due under this Note, and that no further amounts may be drawn down by Maker under this Note prior to the Maturity
Date. No fees, payments or other amounts are due from Maker to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, the drawdown by Maker. 

3. Interest . 
No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

4. Application
of Payments . All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any
sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges
and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

5. Events
of Default . The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business
days of the date specified above. 

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it
of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking
of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker
in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up
or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days. 

6. Remedies . 

(a)
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare
this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable thereunder,
shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

(b)
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) or 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all
other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action
on the part of Payee. 

7. Waivers . 
Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest,
and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the
terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or
personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing
for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that
may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such
writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

8. Unconditional
Liability . Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or
enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any
other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or
consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee
with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may
become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

2 

9. Notices . All
notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Agreement shall be: (i) in writing and delivered
personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the
address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax
number as may be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided
to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication
so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt
of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier
service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. 

10. Construction . 
THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
THEREOF. 

11. Severability . Any
provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

12. Trust
Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest
or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account that was established in which
the proceeds of the IPO conducted by the Maker (including the fee payable to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. equal to 3.5 of the gross
proceeds raised in the IPO, upon consummation of Maker s initial business combination, for assisting the Maker in connection with
the initial business combination) and the proceeds of the sale of the units issued in a private placement that occurred concurrently with
the consummation of the IPO that were deposited in the foregoing trust account, as described in greater detail in the Maker s registration
statement on Form S-1, initially filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2021, and hereby agrees not to
seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. 

13. Amendment;
Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent
of the Maker and the Payee. 

14. Assignment . No
assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise)
without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void. 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker,
intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written. 

Moringa Acquisition Corp 

By: 
 /s/ Ilan Levin 

Name: Ilan Levin 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

4 

</EX-10.8(1)>

<EX-10.8(2)>
 6
 f10k2022ex10-8ii_moringaacq.htm
 AMENDMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 9, 2023, TO PROMISSORY NOTE DATED DECEMBER 6, 2022

Exhibit 10.8.2 

AMENDMENT TO PROMISSORY NOTE 

THIS AMENDMENT TO
PROMISSORY NOTE (this Amendment ), dated as of February 9, 2023, is made by and between Moringa Acquisition Corp,
a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Maker ), and Moringa Sponsor, LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership
(the Payee ). 

WHEREAS, on December
6, 2022, the Maker promised to pay to the order of the Payee, a principal sum of up to 90,000 (the Principal Amount ),
on the terms and conditions described in the promissory note signed and delivered by the Maker to the Payee (the Note ); 

WHEREAS, as of the
date hereof, the Payee has funded the full Principal Amount of 90,000 due under the Note; and 

WHEREAS, each of the
Maker and the Payee desires to amend the Note as provided herein. 

NOW THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Definitions .
Capitalized terms contained in this Amendment, but not specifically defined herein, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in
the Note. 

2. Amendments to the
Note . Effective as of February 9, 2023, the reference to February 19, 2023 in Section 1 of the Note
(Repayment or Conversion of Principal), shall be replaced with: August 19, 2023 . 

3. No
Further Amendment . The parties hereto agree that except as provided in this Amendment, the Note shall continue unmodified, in full
force and effect and constitute legal and binding obligations of the parties thereto in accordance with its terms. This Amendment forms
an integral and inseparable part of the Note. This Amendment is intended to be in full compliance with the requirements for an amendment
to the Note as required by Section 13 of the Note, and any defect in fulfilling such requirements for an effective amendment to the Note
is hereby ratified, intentionally waived and relinquished by all parties hereto. 

4. References .
All references to the Note (including hereof, herein, hereunder, hereby 
and this Note in the Note shall refer to the Note as amended by this Amendment. 

5. Governing
Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel, without giving
effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. 

6. Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts
shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Amendment by electronic transmission shall
constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties
have duly executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

MORINGA SPONSOR, LP 

By: 
 /s/ Ilan Levin 

Name: 
 Ilan Levin 

Title: 
 Director 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

By: 
 /s/ Gil Maman 

Name: 
 Gil Maman 

Title: 
 CFO 

</EX-10.8(2)>

<EX-10.9(1)>
 7
 f10k2022ex10-9i_moringaacq.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE ISSUED BY THE REGISTRANT TO MORINGA ACQUISITION SPONSOR, L.P. (DATED DECEMBER 21, 2022)

Exhibit 10.9.1 

THIS
PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT ). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE
OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE
TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

December
21, 2022 

Principal
 Amount: 100,000 

Moringa
Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Maker ), promises to pay to the order of Moringa
Sponsor, LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the
 Payee ), the principal sum of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS 100,000) or such lesser amount as shall have been
advanced by Payee to Maker and that shall remain unpaid under this Note on the Maturity Date (as defined below) in lawful money of
the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire
transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time
designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. 

1. Repayment
or Conversion of Principal . The entire unpaid principal balance of Note shall be payable on the earlier of: (i) February
19, 2023, or (ii) the date on which Maker consummates its Initial Business Combination, as defined below (such earlier date,
the Maturity Date ). The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Notwithstanding the aforesaid, upon the
Maturity Date, the Payee, by providing written notice to Maker, may elect to convert any portion or all of the amounts outstanding
under this Note into warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares of the Maker at a conversion price of 1.00 per private warrant.
Such private warrants will have an exercise price of 11.50 per underlying Class A ordinary share of the Maker and shall be
identical to the private warrants included in the private units issued by Maker to the Payee concurrently with the closing of the
Maker s initial public offering (the IPO ). Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not
limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities
of the Maker hereunder. 

2. Drawdown
Complete . Maker and Payee acknowledge that as of the date of this Note, Payee has funded the full principal amount of One Hundred
Thousand Dollars 100,000) due under this Note, and that no further amounts may be drawn down by Maker under this Note prior to the
Maturity Date. No fees, payments or other amounts are due from Maker to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, the drawdown
by Maker. 

3. Interest .
No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

4. Application
of Payments . All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of
any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late
charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

1 

5. Events
of Default . The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five
(5) business days of the date specified above. 

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver,
liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its
property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as
such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of
Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator,
assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering
the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of
60 consecutive days. 

6. Remedies . 

(a)
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker,
declare this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts
payable thereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all
of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary
notwithstanding. 

(b)
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) or 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and
all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without
any action on the part of Payee. 

7. Waivers .
Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor,
protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee
under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any
property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale
under execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker
agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution
issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

8. Unconditional
Liability . Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or
enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any
other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or
consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee
with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may
become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

2 

9. Notices . All
notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Agreement shall be: (i) in writing and
delivered personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic
transmission to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such
other address or fax number as may be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail
address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such
party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if
delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic
transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after mailing if sent
by mail. 

10. Construction .
THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW
PROVISIONS THEREOF. 

11. Severability . Any
provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such
prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other
jurisdiction. 

12. Trust
Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest
or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account that was established in which
the proceeds of the IPO conducted by the Maker (including the fee payable to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. equal to 3.5 of the gross
proceeds raised in the IPO, upon consummation of Maker s initial business combination, for assisting the Maker in connection with
the initial business combination) and the proceeds of the sale of the units issued in a private placement that occurred concurrently
with the consummation of the IPO that were deposited in the foregoing trust account, as described in greater detail in the Maker s
registration statement on Form S-1, initially filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2021, and hereby
agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. 

13. Amendment;
Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent
of the Maker and the Payee. 

14. Assignment . No
assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent
shall be void. 

[ Signature
Page Follows ] 

3 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as
of the day and year first above written. 

Moringa Acquisition Corp 

By: 
 /s/ Ilan Levin 

Name: Ilan Levin 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

4 

</EX-10.9(1)>

<EX-10.9(2)>
 8
 f10k2022ex10-9ii_moringaacq.htm
 AMENDMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 9, 2023, TO PROMISSORY NOTE DATED DECEMBER 21, 2022

Exhibit 10.9.2 

AMENDMENT TO PROMISSORY NOTE 

THIS AMENDMENT TO PROMISSORY
NOTE (this Amendment ), dated as of February 9, 2023, is made by and between Moringa Acquisition Corp, a Cayman
Islands exempted company (the Maker ), and Moringa Sponsor, LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (the
 Payee ). 

WHEREAS, on December 21, 2022,
the Maker promised to pay to the order of the Payee, a principal sum of up to 100,000 (the Principal Amount ), on
the terms and conditions described in the promissory note signed and delivered by the Maker to the Payee (the Note ); 

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof,
the Payee has funded the full Principal Amount of 100,000 due under the Note; and 

WHEREAS, each of the Maker
and the Payee desires to amend the Note as provided herein. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Definitions .
Capitalized terms contained in this Amendment, but not specifically defined herein, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in
the Note. 

2. Amendments
to the Note . Effective as of February 9, 2023, the reference to February 19, 2023 in Section 1 of the Note (Repayment
or Conversion of Principal), shall be replaced with: August 19, 2023 . 

3. No
Further Amendment . The parties hereto agree that except as provided in this Amendment, the Note shall continue unmodified, in full
force and effect and constitute legal and binding obligations of the parties thereto in accordance with its terms. This Amendment forms
an integral and inseparable part of the Note. This Amendment is intended to be in full compliance with the requirements for an amendment
to the Note as required by Section 13 of the Note, and any defect in fulfilling such requirements for an effective amendment to the Note
is hereby ratified, intentionally waived and relinquished by all parties hereto. 

4. References .
All references to the Note (including hereof, herein, hereunder, hereby 
and this Note in the Note shall refer to the Note as amended by this Amendment. 

5. Governing
Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel, without giving
effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. 

6. Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts
shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Amendment by electronic transmission shall
constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have duly
executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

MORINGA SPONSOR, LP 

By: 
 /s/ Ilan Levin 

Name: Ilan Levin 

Title: Director 

MORINGA ACQUISITION CORP 

By: 
 /s/ Gil Maman 

Name: Gil Maman 

Title: CFO 

</EX-10.9(2)>

<EX-10.10>
 9
 f10k2022ex10-10_moringaacq.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE ISSUED BY THE REGISTRANT TO MORINGA ACQUISITION SPONSOR, L.P. (DATED FEBRUARY 8, 2023)

Exhibit 10.10 

THIS PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN
ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION
IS NOT REQUIRED. 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

February 8, 2023 

Principal Amount: 310,000 

Moringa Acquisition Corp.,
a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Maker ), promises to pay to the order of Moringa Sponsor, LP, a Cayman
Islands exempted limited partnership, or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ), the principal
sum of THREE HUNDRED AND TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS 310,000) or such lesser amount as shall have been advanced by Payee to Maker, and that
shall remain unpaid under this Note on the Maturity Date (as defined below) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms
and conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds
or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with
the provisions of this Note. 

1. Repayment
or Conversion of Principal . The entire unpaid principal balance of Note shall be payable on the earlier of: (i) August
19, 2023, or (ii) the date on which Maker consummates its Initial Business Combination, as defined below (such earlier date, the
 Maturity Date ). The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Notwithstanding the aforesaid, upon the Maturity
Date, the Payee, by providing written notice to Maker, may elect to convert any portion or all of the amounts outstanding under this Note
into warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares of the Maker at a conversion price of 1.00 per private warrant. Such private warrants
will have an exercise price of 11.50 per underlying Class A ordinary share of the Maker and shall be identical to the private warrants
included in the private units issued by Maker to the Payee concurrently with the closing of the Maker s initial public offering
(the IPO ). Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee
or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 

2. No
Obligation . Maker and Payee acknowledge that the Payee shall have no obligation to fund any of the Three Hundred and Ten Thousand
Dollars 310,000) aggregate amount which may be due under this Note. The advance of any amounts by Payee to the Maker from time to time
prior to the Maturity Date under this Note shall be at the sole discretion of the Payee. 

3. Interest . 
No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

4. Application
of Payments . All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any
sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges
and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

5. Events
of Default . The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business
days of the date specified above. 

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it
of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking
of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker
in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up
or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days. 

6. Remedies . 

(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare
this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable thereunder,
shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

(b) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) or 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all
other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action
on the part of Payee. 

7. Waivers . 
Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest,
and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the
terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or
personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing
for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that
may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such
writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

8. Unconditional
Liability . Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or
enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any
other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or
consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee
with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may
become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

9. Notices . All
notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Agreement shall be: (i) in writing and delivered
personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service to the address designated in writing, (ii) by
facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may be designated in writing by such
party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic mail
address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have
been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or
five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail, and on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile
or electronic mail. 

10. Construction . 
THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
THEREOF. 

11. Severability . Any
provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

12. Trust
Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest
or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account that was established in which
the proceeds of the IPO conducted by the Maker (including the fee payable to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds
raised in the IPO, upon consummation of Maker s initial business combination, for assisting the Maker in connection with the initial
business combination) and the proceeds of the sale of the units issued in a private placement that occurred concurrently with the consummation
of the IPO that were deposited in the foregoing trust account, as described in greater detail in the Maker s registration statement
on Form S-1, initially filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2021, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse,
reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. 

13. Amendment;
Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent
of the Maker and the Payee. 

14. Assignment . No
assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise)
without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void. 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker,
intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written. 

Moringa Acquisition Corp 

By: 
 /s/ Ilan Levin 

Name: Ilan Levin 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

3 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 f10k2022ex31-1_moringaacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) ,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ilan Levin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report
on Form 10-K of Moringa Acquisition Corp (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company
and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s
auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Ilan Levin 

Ilan Levin 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 f10k2022ex31-2_moringaacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) ,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Gil Maman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report
on Form 10-K of Moringa Acquisition Corp (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company
and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s
auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Gil Maman 

Gil Maman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 f10k2022ex32-1_moringaacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b)/RULE 15d-14(b) UNDER
THE EXCHANGE ACT 

 AND 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Moringa
Acquisition Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Ilan Levin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, and Gil Maman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Ilan Levin 

Ilan Levin 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Gil Maman 

Gil Maman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be
deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the
extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 maca-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 maca-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 maca-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 maca-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 maca-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

