<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1836981_0001628280-23-010166.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15742492</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>555270</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2639079</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6219037</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3117714</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2879195</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-010166.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161835
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-010166
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		138
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001836981
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				854164597
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40031
		FILM NUMBER:		23787990

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6811 BENJAMIN FRANKLIN DRIVE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21046
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(410) 967-0335

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6811 BENJAMIN FRANKLIN DRIVE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21046

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GigCapital4, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201217

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-010166.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 bbai-20221231.htm
 10-K

bbai-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or and emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 
 x 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price of 5.66 per share for shares of the Registrant s common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately million. Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer, director, and holder of more than 10 of our common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 There were shares of our common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding as of March 24, 2023. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Item Page Part I 
 1 
 Item 1 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 61 
 Item 2. Properties 
 61 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 61 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 62 
 Part II 
 62 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 62 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 63 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 64 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 87 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 88 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 136 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 136 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 137 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 137 
 Part III 
 137 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 137 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 137 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 137 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 137 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 137 
 Part IV 
 138 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 138 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 140 
 Signatures 
 141 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Part I 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . All statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, should, would, plan, predict, potential, seem, seek, future, outlook, and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding BigBear s industry, future events, and other statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us and should not be relied upon as representing BigBear s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those relating to: changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political, and legal conditions; delays caused by factors outside of our control, including changes in fiscal or contracting policies or decreases in available government funding; changes in government programs or applicable requirements; budgetary constraints, including automatic reductions as a result of sequestration or similar measures and constraints imposed by any lapses in appropriations for the federal government or certain of its departments and agencies; influence by, or competition from, third parties with respect to pending, new, or existing contracts with government customers; changes in our ability to successfully compete for and receive task orders and generate revenue under Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity IDIQ contracts; potential delays or changes in the government appropriations or procurement processes, including as a result of events such as war, incidents of terrorism, natural disasters, and public health concerns or epidemics, such as the recent coronavirus outbreak; the identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting (including the timeline to remediate the material weaknesses); increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays caused by other factors outside of our control, such as performance failures of our subcontractors; the rollout of the business and the timing of expected business milestones; the effects of competition on our future business; our ability to obtain and access financing in the future; and other factor detailed below under Risk Factors 
 
 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. In addition, statements that contain we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we believe that this information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, this information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 
 
 Some of these risks and uncertainties may in the future be amplified by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and there may be additional risks that we consider immaterial or which are unknown. It is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. s BigBear.ai or the Company mission is to help deliver clarity for our clients as they face their most complex decisions. BigBear.ai s AI-powered decision intelligence solutions are leveraged across our Cyber Engineering and Analytics business segments and in three primary markets global supply chains logistics, autonomous systems and cybersecurity. Our Cyber Engineering segment provides high-end technology and management consulting services to our customers, focusing on cloud engineering and enterprise IT, cybersecurity, computer network operations and wireless, systems engineering, as well as strategy and program planning. Our Analytics segment provides high-end technology and consulting services to our customers, focusing on big data computing and analytical solutions, including predictive and prescriptive analytics solutions. BigBear.ai s customers, including federal defense and intelligence agencies, manufacturers, third party logistics 
 1 

Table of Contents 

providers, retailers, healthcare, and life sciences organizations, rely on BigBear.ai s solutions to empower leaders to decide on the best possible course of action by creating order from complex data, identifying blind spots, and building predictive outcomes. We are a technology-led solutions organization, providing both software and services to our customers. 
 
 Solutions and Services 
 
 BigBear.ai is a leader in the use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) for decision support. We provide our customers with a competitive advantage in a world driven by data that is growing exponentially in terms of volume, variety, and velocity. We believe data when leveraged effectively can be a strategic asset for any organization. 
 
 Through our supply chain logistics, autonomous systems and cybersecurity solutions, we help our customers make sense of the world in which they operate, understand how known and previously unforeseen forces impact their operations, and determine which decision and course of action will best achieve their objectives. With all of our solutions, as needed by each customer, we offer specialized consulting services to design, customize, deploy, operate, and support our solutions for federal and commercial customers. Due to the breadth and depth of experience and expertise in our team, many of our customers rely on BigBear.ai resources to supplement their technical and operational staff for long-term engagements as well. 
 
 Supply Chains Logistics Solutions 
 
 Our supply chain logistics solutions include our Observe Data-as-a-Service DaaS solution, our ProModel discrete event simulator and our Dominate forecasting tool. 
 
 Observe DaaS Data Conflation at Scale . Observe is a near-real time data collection and curation tool designed to collect and process enormous volumes of data from multiple domains, including BigBear.ai data collections, customer proprietary data, and third-party data, to create more holistic insights . Observe captures and distills data to identify relevant information , forming a more coherent and continuously updated view of the situations that matter to our customers anywhere across the globe. Our collections cover many subjects, including facilities, locations, news, events, social media, public communications, internet services and more. For situations that require a more customized solution, Observe collections can be used to enrich the customer s proprietary data and analytics via modern, robust application programming interfaces (APIs). Our Observe DaaS solution is live in production, with over 25 sources, across more than 100 countries, and 140 million records processed daily. 
 
 ProModel Discrete Event Simulator Course of Action Analysis Digital Twin . ProModel is a robust discrete-event simulation technology that captures the behavior of complex interdependent processes and enables rapid course-of-action analysis through a what if user interface that allows customers to alter various parameters without changing the model directly. The ProModel 
 2 

Table of Contents 

digital twin modeling platform is used to plan, design and improve new or existing manufacturing, logistics, business processes and other operational systems, and has been implemented in multiple vertical use cases including shipyard planning (Shipyard AI), patient flow optimization in hospitals (Future Flow) and complex portfolio management (Enterprise Portfolio Simulator). Because our Discrete Event Simulator is built and deployed as foundational technology, it can be tailored to many use cases for customers based on specific needs and embedded in existing platforms for an optimal user experience. 
 
 Dominate Macroeconomic Geopolitical Forecasting . Dominate is a decision support engine that provides customers goal-oriented advice to help them determine the right decision or course of action to best achieve their desired results. Using technology derived from our battlefield expertise, Dominate forecasts future outcomes based on different decision options, assigns a likelihood to each of those outcomes, and allows users to understand potential impacts for each of these decision options. Dominate is based on a resilient analytical architecture specifically designed to make sense of data sets that are periodically dirty, erroneous, or full of gaps. Customers can easily manipulate constraints or modify outcome goals through an interactive interface to quickly reveal the impacts of different decisions. Even in complex environments, Dominate helps customers reveal unexpected insights and develop innovative courses of action. 
 
 Cybersecurity Solutions 
 
 BEARCLAW AI-Powered, Machine Accelerated Binary Analysis and SpaceCREST Vulnerability Assessment Monitoring, Digital Twin . Our cybersecurity offerings include our Binary Extraction Analysis Repository / Customizable Logic Automated Workflow BEARCLAW engine and the Space Cyber Resiliency through Evaluation and Security Testing SpaceCREST laboratory environment. Our BEARCLAW engine is a modular framework that incorporates AI/ML to assess vulnerabilities using automation and our data collections to conduct analysis on binaries and better, more quickly inform analysts to help them rapidly identify and/or respond to threats. 
 
 SpaceCREST is a laboratory environment designed to study and evaluate vulnerabilities of space assets in a cyber-physical system, develop cyber resiliency, and provide situational awareness and monitoring of those assets. The SpaceCREST initiative leverages Redwire Corporation s digital engineering ecosystem, including its Hyperion Operational Space Simulation HOSS Lab and Advanced Configurable Open-system Research Network ACORN capabilities. Using HOSS and the ACORN platform, BigBear.ai develops tools and technologies to perform vulnerability research on space infrastructure hardware components, identify potential vulnerabilities that could compromise space systems, and provide tools and techniques that demonstrate how to mitigate and protect against the potential vulnerabilities identified. SpaceCREST s digital twin helps operators rapidly identify when an attack or system failure is occurring. SpaceCREST also performs catastrophic testing without physically destroying the space asset or interrupting operations and our team of specialists then develops cyber security to mitigate the risk of cyber-attacks for our customers. 
 
 Our specialists also provide ongoing offensive and defensive cybersecurity analysis services to certain key customers and our mission operators often partner with government teams to contribute to missions for the intelligence community and the Department of Defense (the DoD ). 
 
 Autonomous Systems Solutions 
 
 We are well positioned to address the need for scaled cyber-physical systems for complex customers in the federal government, and in the future, the private sector. Our autonomous systems solutions currently in use by the DoD provide geospatial tracking, anomaly detection, computer vision capabilities, and AI at the edge. By conflating millions of data points using AI/ML, our autonomous systems benefit from increased situational awareness, enable predictive forecasts, and can alert both analysts and decision-makers of potential threats. Analysts can combine data sets, including traditional and nontraditional sources, including social media, traditional news media and event data (e.g., GDELT), SIGINT (e.g., X-band, Lband, AIS), SAR, weather and enterprise data sources, to improve situational awareness. Currently, our algorithms run against a myriad of sensors in a maritime environment to support forces who may be operating in disadvantaged or disconnected environments. We believe that this can be leveraged in ground, space, and air combat force contexts in the future. 
 
 Research Development 
 
 Our team has more than 20 years of combined experience developing and deploying software products. Historically, much of our research and development has been funded and directed by defense and intelligence customers for their specific needs and objectives. In 2022, we increased hiring and headcount in our innovations lab as well as investment in various research projects aimed at continuing to develop and refine our solutions, including enhancing features and functionality, adding new modules, and improving the application of the latest AI/ML technologies in the solutions we deliver to our customers. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

One area of our research and development efforts has focused on contributing to the Joint All-Domain Command and Control JADC2 the DoD s strategy to connect sensors globally from all branches of the armed forces into a unified network, powered by AI. JADC2 is one of the Pentagon s top priorities, and we are aiming to play a major role in the realization of this concept by delivering the operating system for its delivery. 
 
 Customers 
 
 BigBear.ai s customers include U.S. defense and intelligence agencies, manufacturing, distribution and logistics, healthcare and life sciences. To date, BigBear.ai has predominantly served federal, military, and intelligence agencies of the U.S. government. We are proud of the trusted, multi-decade relationships we have with several U.S. defense and intelligence agencies, including the Joint Staff, U.S. Army, U.S. Air Force, and Department of Homeland Security DHS ). These customers entrust us with their most critical data and operations and represent most of our historical growth. 
 
 Our capabilities are also used extensively by the private sector, with hundreds of complex manufacturing, retail, and logistics clients. Our process simulation and modeling solutions help companies manage massive and complex physical and information environments and gain clarity on facility, equipment and personnel systems, forecasting requirements, and simulating real-world situations. 
 
 We are continuing to grow our customer base in our three markets: supply chains logistics, cybersecurity, and autonomous systems. This is a focus area for us in 2023 as we find ways to apply our existing technology to new use cases and meet growing customer demand. As new use cases are onboarded, we expand our capabilities by adding new data sources, analysis tools, and integrated services to our platform to support new industries and decision scenarios. Thus, every new engagement expands our capability baseline and opens the door to a pipeline of new opportunities within that market and within adjacent markets. 
 
 Revenue Mix 
 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from contracts with the federal government and government agencies. Due to the sensitive and oftentimes classified nature of our work with these customers, a significant portion of BigBear.ai s contracts still require our data scientists and software engineers to co-locate on-premises to tailor our solutions for these unique environments and use cases. However, as we have continued to amass knowledge and intellectual property IP ), our proprietary products now require less customization, and our pipeline has begun to reflect our customers desire to more rapidly integrate our capabilities into their current operating environments. 
 
 Competitive Advantage 
 
 BigBear.ai s principle competitive advantage is that we are an organization built on a culture of recruiting and retaining talent that we believe attracts the brightest talent in the industry. BigBear.ai is made up of hundreds of employees with domain expertise and hands-on experience in the environments that we build and deliver solutions for. We are focused on creating technology that solves real customer problems, and our team is a critical part of understanding the challenges our customers face. 
 
 Additionally, BigBear.ai has been a trusted partner to federal, military, and intelligence agencies of the U.S. government for decades we take that trust seriously and we work every day to keep it. Because of our history in complex systems integration and AI orchestration, we are well positioned to support the current wave of excitement regarding artificial intelligence, as key decision makers and leaders across government and industry are recognizing the necessity of at-scale, production-grade augmented decision intelligence. Specifically, we believe we are well positioned because of our team s ability to deploy innovative solutions quickly, offering our customer s competitive pricing and robust support while leveraging our track record of success in complex environments. 
 
 Market Opportunity 
 
 BigBear.ai serves multiple large, diverse and rapidly growing addressable markets, delivering AI/ML-powered solutions in supply chains logistics, cybersecurity, and autonomous systems. Our suite of technology solutions and expertise allows us to target a total addressable market TAM of more than 68 billion, growing to 315 billion by 2028, based upon third-party industry reports on the current and projected markets for government and commercial customers in the following areas: AI in logistics and supply chain, military AI and autonomous systems, AI orchestration, digital twins, AI in computer vision, and cybersecurity. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Growth Strategy 
 
 BigBear.ai has multiple growth tactics, including performing on our existing backlog of approximately 222 million as of December 31, 2022, adding new customers, expanding relationships with existing customers, and scaling our direct and indirect sales channels. Given the continued uncertainty in the global economy associated with macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, we believe in a diversified growth strategy and are actively pursuing multiple plays in each area. 
 
 Company Footprint and Management 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 649 employees, the vast majority of which hold an active security clearance. Approximately 46 of our workforce is comprised of software engineers, data scientists, cloud/systems engineers, analysts, and cyber subject-matter experts. 
 
 BigBear.ai has headquarters in Columbia, MD, with additional office locations in Ann Arbor Michigan; Chantilly, Virginia and Charlottesville, Virginia. In addition, many of our team members work at secure customer facilities across the U.S. 
 
 The BigBear.ai executive team is a driving force behind the company s success. With strong industry experience and knowledge of both government and commercial markets, our diverse executives are shaping the Company s vision and market penetration strategies, while ensuring operational excellence. Further, the leadership team is committed to maintaining a corporate culture and employee value proposition that attracts and retains the brightest talent in the industry. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our competitors include software companies that develop horizontal solutions in the supply chain logistics, cybersecurity and autonomous systems markets, as well as vertically focused analytics tools within our target markets. We also face competition from government contractors and system integrators who are building custom solutions to enter this market. In many cases, we are competing with the internal software development efforts of our potential customers. Organizations frequently attempt to build their own decision support and analytics platforms using a patchwork of custom development, outside consultants, IT services companies, packaged and open-source software, and significant internal IT resources, before turning to BigBear.ai. 
 
 The principal competitive factors in the markets in which we operate include: 
 
 platform agility and product functionality 
 data security, privacy, and regulatory compliance 
 ease and speed of adoption, use, and deployment 
 product innovation and roadmap 
 pricing and cost structures 
 customer experience, including technical support and education 
 brand awareness and reputation 
 track record of success in complex environments 
 
 While we compete favorably on these factors, some of our competitors have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, broader customer bases, larger sales and marketing budgets, more technology, channel, and distribution partners, wider geographic presence, greater focus in specific vertical markets, lower labor and research and development costs, larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios, and substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources to provide support, make acquisitions, and develop and introduce new products. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 We generally experience seasonality in the timing of recognition of revenue as a result of the timing of the execution of our contracts, as we have historically executed many of our contracts in the third and fourth quarters due to the fiscal year ends and procurement cycles of our customers. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our sales efforts involve considerable time and expense and our sales cycle is often long and unpredictable and Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our results of operations and our key business measures are likely to fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis in future periods and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business, which makes our future results difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations . Additionally, recurring delays in the federal government s budgeting process can adversely affect the award of new contracts or growth on existing contracts during continuing resolutions. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Regulatory 
 
 Our business activities are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws, rules, and regulations. Compliance with these laws, rules, and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations and competitive position as compared to prior periods. Nevertheless, compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to global trade, consumer and data protection, and taxes, could have a material impact on our business in subsequent periods. 
 
 For more information on the potential impacts of government regulations affecting our business, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We believe that our intellectual property rights are valuable and important to our business. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, contractual provisions, and confidentiality procedures to protect our intellectual property rights. 
 
 We seek to protect our proprietary inventions relevant to our business through patent protection in the United States and abroad; however, we are not dependent on any particular patent or application for the operation of our business. In addition to the protection provided by our intellectual property rights, we enter into proprietary information and invention assignment agreements or similar agreements with our employees, consultants, and contractors. We further control the use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights through provisions in our agreements with customers. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are subject to litigation, claims, investigations and audits arising from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Although legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable, we believe that we have valid defenses with respect to any matters currently pending against us and we intend to vigorously defend against such matters. The outcome of these matters, individually and in the aggregate, is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 Our employees are critical to the success of our business. As of December 31, 2022, we had 649 full-time employees, substantially all of which are employed in the United States. We also engage part-time employees, independent contractors, and third-party personnel to supplement our workforce. 
 
 None of our employees is represented by a labor union. We have not experienced any work stoppages due to employee disputes, and we believe that our employee relations are strong. 
 
 Our human capital resources objectives include recruiting, retaining, training, and motivating our personnel. The principal purposes of our incentive compensation policies are to attract, retain, and reward personnel through the granting of equity-based and cash-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their ability and achieve our objectives. We strive to foster a diverse and inclusive culture and environment that encourages active dialogue and robust engagement on the issues most salient to employee satisfaction and believe our employees are empowered to play a significant role in shaping the direction and success of the company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 You should carefully review and consider the following risk factors and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the audited consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein. 
 
 These risk factors are not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including matters addressed in the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. The Company may face additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to it, or that BigBear.ai currently deems immaterial, which may also impair the Company s business or financial condition. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes to those financial statements included herein. Additional risks, beyond those summarized below may apply to our activities or operations as currently conducted or as we may conduct them in the future or in the markets in which we operate or may in the future operate. Consistent with the foregoing, we are exposed to a variety of risks, including risks associated with: 
 a significant portion of our business being dependent on sales to the public/government sector, including the risk that we may not receive or maintain government contracts or may not receive the full benefit of such contracts; 
 our limited operating history as a combined company, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects; 
 our ability to sustain our revenue growth in the future; 
 our ability to execute our strategy to grow our business and increase our sales and the number and types of markets we compete in; 
 the length of our sales cycle and the time and expense associated with it; 
 our ability to grow our customer base and to expand our relationships with our existing customers, including with our government customers; 
 our reliance on customers in the public/government sector; 
 the market and our customers accepting and adopting our products, including future new product offerings; 
 the impact of health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, on our business, financial condition, growth and the actions we may take in response thereto; 
 competition in our industry; 
 our ability to gain contracts on favorable terms, including with our government customers; 
 our ability to grow, maintain and enhance our brand and reputation; 
 risks related to security and our technology, including cybersecurity; 
 our ability to maintain competitive pricing for our products; 
 our ability to secure financing necessary to operate and grow our business as planned, including through acquisitions; 
 the high degree of uncertainty of the level of demand for, and market utilization of, our solutions and products; 
 our estimates and projections may prove to be inaccurate and certain of our assets may be at risk of future impairment; 
 substantial regulation and the potential for unfavorable changes to, or failure by us to comply with, these regulations, which could substantially harm our business and operating results; 
 our dependency upon third-party service providers for certain technologies; 
 increases in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of materials, which could harm our business; 
 developments and projections relating to our competitors and industry; 
 the unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results; 
 our existing debt and our ability to refinance it on more favorable terms; 
 our management team s limited experience managing a public company; 
 our ability to hire, retain, train and motivate qualified personnel and senior management and ability to deploy our personnel and resources to meet customer demand; 
 our ability to successfully execute future joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, strategic 
 7 

Table of Contents 

alliances and subcontracting opportunities; 
 our ability to grow through acquisitions and successfully integrate any such acquisitions; 
 our ability to successfully maintain, protect, enforce and grow our intellectual property rights; 
 our compliance with governmental laws, trade controls, customs requirements and other regulations we are subject to; 
 the possibility of our need to defend ourselves against fines, penalties and injunctions if we are determined to be promoting products for unapproved uses or otherwise found to have violated a law or regulation; 
 concentration of ownership among our existing executive officers, directors and their respective affiliates, which may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions; 
 the effect of economic downturns, depressions and recessions; 
 the benefits of the Business Combination not being achieved or meeting the expectations of investors or securities; 
 our significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company; 
 the volatility of the market for our securities, including our common stock; 
 our ability to satisfy the continued listing requirements of the NYSE in the future; 
 our internal controls over financial reporting, including our current material weaknesses and any potential future material weaknesses; and 
 other factors detailed below. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and future results of operations. 
 
 Since we commenced operations, our business has expanded organically through the delivery of enhanced solutions and expanded product offerings to our customers and through acquisitions. As a result of our limited operating history and evolving business, our ability to forecast our future results of operations is limited and subject to several uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could slow. We have encountered and will encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 We may not be able to sustain our revenue growth rate in the future. 
 
 Although our revenue has increased in recent periods, there can be no assurances that revenue will continue to grow or do so at current rates, and you should not rely on the revenue of any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future performance. Our revenue growth rate may decline in future periods. Many factors may contribute to declines in our revenue growth rate, including increased competition, slowing demand for our products and services from existing and new customers, a failure by us to continue capitalizing on growth opportunities including expansion into the commercial marketplace, strategic acquisitions, terminations of existing contracts or failure to exercise existing options by our customers, our failure to execute on the existing backlog of customer contracts, the maturation of our business, and a contraction of our overall market, among others. If our revenue growth rate declines, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our results of operations and cash flows are substantially affected by our mix of fixed-price and time-and-material type contracts. Our profits may decrease and/or we may incur significant unanticipated costs if we do not accurately estimate the costs of these engagements. 
 
 We generate most of our revenue through various time-and-material and fixed-price contracts. Some of our arrangements with our customers are on fixed-price contracts, rather than contracts in which payment to us is determined on a time and materials or other basis. These fixed-price contracts allow us to benefit from cost savings, but subject us to the risk of potential cost overruns, particularly for firm fixed-price contracts because we assume all of the cost burden. If our initial estimates are incorrect, we can lose money on these contracts. U.S. government contracts can expose us to potentially large losses because the U.S. government 
 8 

Table of Contents 

can hold us responsible for completing a project or, in certain circumstances, require us to pay the entire cost of its replacement by another provider regardless of the size or foreseeability of any cost overruns that occur over the life of the contract. Because many of these contracts involve new technologies and applications and can last for years, unforeseen events, such as technological difficulties, fluctuations in the price of raw materials, a significant increase in inflation in the U.S. or other countries, problems with our suppliers and cost overruns, can result in the contractual price becoming less favorable or even unprofitable to us over time. Our failure to estimate accurately the resources and schedule required for a project, or our failure to complete our contractual obligations in a manner consistent with the project plan upon which our fixed-price contract was based, could adversely affect our overall profitability and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are consistently entering into contracts for large projects that magnify this risk. We have been required to commit unanticipated additional resources to complete projects in the past, which has occasionally resulted in losses on those contracts. We could experience similar situations in the future. In addition, we may fix the price for some projects at an early stage of the project engagement, which could result in a fixed price that is too low. Therefore, any changes from our original estimates could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our sales efforts involve considerable time and expense and our sales cycle is often long and unpredictable. 
 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate, in part, because of the intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and unpredictability of our sales cycle. As part of our sales efforts, we invest considerable time and expense evaluating the specific organizational needs of our potential customers and educating these potential customers about the technical capabilities and value of our products and services. In the land phase of our business model, we often deploy prototype capabilities to potential customers at no or minimal cost initially to them for evaluation purposes, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to convert these engagements into long-term sales arrangements. In addition, we currently have a limited direct sales force, and our sales efforts have historically depended on the significant involvement of our senior management team. The length of our sales cycle, from initial demonstration to sale of our products and services, tends to be long and varies substantially from customer to customer. Our sales cycle often lasts six to nine months but can extend to a year or more for some customers. Because decisions to purchase our software involve significant financial commitments, potential customers generally evaluate our software at multiple levels within their organization, each of which often have specific requirements, and typically involve their senior management. 
 
 Our results of operations depend on sales to enterprise customers, which make product purchasing decisions based in part or entirely on factors, or perceived factors, not directly related to the features of the software, including, among others, that customer s projections of business growth, uncertainty about economic conditions (including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak and the escalation of hostilities between Russia and Ukraine), capital budgets, anticipated cost savings from the implementation of our software, potential preference for such customer s internally-developed software solutions, perceptions about our business and software, more favorable terms offered by potential competitors, and previous technology investments. In addition, certain decision makers and other stakeholders within our potential customers tend to have vested interests in the continued use of internally developed or existing software, which may make it more difficult for us to sell our software and services. As a result of these and other factors, our sales efforts typically require an extensive effort throughout a customer s organization, a significant investment of human resources, expense and time, including by our senior management, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in making a sale to a potential customer. If our sales efforts to a potential customer do not result in sufficient revenue to justify our investments, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Historically, existing customers have expanded their relationships with us, which has resulted in a limited number of customers accounting for a substantial portion of our revenue. If existing customers do not make subsequent purchases from us or renew their contracts with us, if those renewals are otherwise delayed, or if our relationships with our largest customers are impaired or terminated, our revenue could decline, and our results of operations would be adversely impacted. 
 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from existing customers that expand their relationships with us. Increasing the size and number of the deployments of our existing customers is a major part of our growth strategy. We may not be effective in executing this or any other aspect of our growth strategy. For example, revenue earned from customers contributing in excess of 10 of consolidated revenues were derived from three customers comprising 49 of revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 (Successor). As of December 31, 2022, we have supported these customers for more than five years. 
 
 Each of our contracts with these customers includes termination for convenience provisions whereby the customer can unilaterally elect to terminate the contract. In the event of a termination, we may generally recover only our incurred or committed costs and settlement expenses and profit on work completed prior to the termination. Our 2022 revenues from these significant customers were mainly earned from large multi-year contracts. As of December 31, 2022, about 118 million of our approximate 218 
 9 

Table of Contents 

million of total backlog is attributable to these significant customers. The estimated completion dates for these contracts range from 2023 to 2026. Of the 118 million of backlog related to these significant customers as of December 31, 2022 we expect to recognize approximately 20 of that amount as revenue by the end of 2023, with the remainder to be recognized as revenue by the end of 2026. 
 
 There are inherent risks whenever a large percentage of total revenues are concentrated with a limited number of customers. Our concentration of revenue among a few of our customers increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and our sensitivity to any material, adverse developments experienced by our significant customers. Further, it is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand for our products and services that will be generated by these customers. As previously described, the terms of our contracts with these significant customers permit them to unilaterally terminate our arrangement at any time (subject to notice and certain other provisions). In addition, the terms and conditions under which we do business generally do not include commitments by those customers to purchase any specific quantities of products or services from us or to renew their contracts after the initial period. Even in those instances where we enter into an arrangement under which a significant customer agrees to purchase an agreed portion of its product or service needs from us (provided we meet our contractual obligations), the arrangement often includes pricing schedules with substantial price concessions that may apply regardless of the volume of products or services purchased, and those material customers may not purchase the volume of products or services we expect. If any of these major customers experience declining or delayed sales due to market, economic or competitive conditions, we could be pressured to reduce the prices we charge for our products and services or we could lose the customer. Any such development could have an adverse effect on our margins and financial position, and would negatively affect our sales and results of operations and/or trading price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that our sales will not continue to be sufficiently concentrated among a limited number of customers. 
 
 Certain customers, including customers that represent a significant portion of our business, have in the past reduced their spend with us as a result of budgetary pressure, which has reduced our anticipated future payments or revenue from these customers. It is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand from our larger customers for our software and applications. 
 
 While we generally engage customers through contracts with terms up to five years in length, our customers sometimes enter into shorter-term contracts, such as six-month engagements for specific capability developments or enhancements, which may not provide for automatic renewal and may require the customer to opt-in to extend the term. Our customers have no obligation to renew, upgrade, or expand their agreements with us after the terms of their existing agreements have expired. In addition, many of our customer contracts permit the customer to terminate their contracts with us with little or no notice required. If one or more of our customers terminate their contracts with us, whether for convenience, for default in the event of a breach by us, or for other reasons specified in our contracts, as applicable; if our customers elect not to renew their contracts with us; if our customers renew their contractual arrangements with us for shorter contract lengths or for a reduced scope; or if our customers otherwise seek to renegotiate terms of their existing agreements on terms less favorable to us, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. This adverse impact would be even more pronounced for customers that represent a material portion of our revenue or business operations. 
 
 Our ability to renew or expand our customer relationships may decrease or vary due to a number of factors, including our customers satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our software and services, the frequency and severity of software and implementation errors, our software s reliability, our pricing, the effects of general economic conditions and budgets, competitive offerings or alternatives, or reductions in our customers spending levels. Achieving such renewal or expansion of our customer contracts may require us to increasingly engage in sophisticated and costly sales efforts that may not result in additional sales. If our customers do not renew or expand their agreements with us or if they renew their contracts for shorter lengths or on other terms less favorable to us, our revenue may decline or grow more slowly than expected, and our business could suffer. Additionally, if the contract awards process for our government customers is delayed due to budgetary constraints, political instability or other governmental delays in the awards process, expected revenues could be delayed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations would also be adversely affected if we face difficulty collecting our accounts receivable from our customers or if we are required to refund customer deposits. 
 
 We may not realize the full deal value of our customer contracts, which may result in lower than expected revenue. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the total remaining deal value of the contracts that we had been awarded by, or entered into with, commercial and government customers, including existing contractual obligations and contract options available to those customers was approximately 218 million and 322 million, respectively. 
 
 The majority of these contracts contain termination for convenience provisions. Additionally, the U.S. federal government is prohibited from exercising contract options more than one year in advance. As a result, there can be no guarantee that our 
 10 

Table of Contents 

customer contracts will not be terminated or that contract options will be exercised. 
 
 We may not realize all of the revenue from the full deal value of our customer contracts. This is because the actual timing and amount of revenue under contracts included are subject to various contingencies, including exercise of contractual options, customers terminating their contracts, and renegotiations of contracts. For example, the U.S. Federal government has increasingly relied upon multi-year contracts with pre-established terms and conditions, such as IDIQ contracts, which generally require those contractors who have previously been awarded the IDIQ to engage in an additional competitive bidding process before a task order is issued. In addition, delays in the completion of the U.S. government s budgeting process, the use of continuing resolutions, and a potential lapse in appropriations, or similar events in other jurisdictions, could adversely affect our ability to timely recognize revenue under certain government contracts. 
 
 Our results of operations and our key business measures are likely to fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis in future periods and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business, which makes our future results difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations. 
 
 Our quarterly results of operations, including cash flows, have fluctuated significantly in the past and are likely to continue to do so in the future. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our quarterly results, financial position, and operations are likely to fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Fluctuation in quarterly results may negatively impact the value of our common stock. 
 
 The timing of our sales cycles is unpredictable and is impacted by factors such as government budgeting and appropriation cycles, varying commercial fiscal years, and changing economic conditions. This can impact our ability to plan and manage margins and cash flows. Our sales cycles are often long, and it is difficult to predict exactly when, or if, we will make a sale with a potential customer or how quickly we can move them from the land phase into the profitable expand phase. As a result, large individual sales have, in some cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all. The loss or delay of one or more large sales transactions in a quarter would impact our results of operations and cash flow for that quarter and any future quarters in which revenue from that transaction is lost or delayed. In addition, downturns in new sales may not be immediately reflected in our revenue because we generally recognize revenue over the term of our contracts. The timing of customer billing and payment varies from contract to contract. A delay in the timing of receipt of such collections, or a default on a large contract, may negatively impact our liquidity for the period and in the future. Because a substantial portion of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short-term and require time to adjust, our results of operations and liquidity would suffer if revenue falls below our expectations in a particular period. 
 
 Other factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations and financial position include, without limitation, those listed below: 
 
 the success of our sales and marketing efforts, including the success of pilot deployments; 
 
 our ability to increase our margins; 
 
 the timing of expenses and revenue recognition; 
 
 the timing and amount of payments received from our customers; 
 
 termination of one or more large contracts by customers, including for convenience; 
 
 the time and cost-intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and variability of sales cycles; 
 
 the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business and operations; 
 
 the timing and effectiveness of new sales and marketing initiatives; 
 
 changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 
 
 the timing and success of new products, features, and functionality introduced by us or our competitors; 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

cyberattacks and other actual or perceived data or security breaches; 
 
 our ability to hire and retain employees, in particular, those responsible for the development, operations and maintenance, and selling or marketing of our software; and our ability to develop and retain talented sales personnel who are able to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time and provide sales leadership in areas in which we are expanding our sales and marketing efforts; 
 
 the amount and timing of our stock-based compensation expenses; 
 
 changes in the way we organize and compensate our sales teams; 
 
 changes in the way we operate and maintain our software; 
 
 changes in the competitive dynamics of our industry; 
 
 the cost of and potential outcomes of future claims or litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business; 
 
 changes in laws and regulations that impact our business, such as the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 FASA 
 
 indemnification payments to our customers or other third parties; 
 
 ability to scale our business with increasing demands; 
 
 the timing of expenses related to any future acquisitions; and 
 
 general economic, regulatory, and market conditions, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and international affairs such as the escalation of hostilities between Russia and Ukraine which may cause financial market volatility. 
 
 In addition, our contracts generally contain termination for convenience provisions, and we may be obligated to repay prepaid amounts or otherwise not realize anticipated future revenue should we fail to provide future services as anticipated. These factors make it difficult for us to accurately predict financial metrics for future periods. 
 
 The variability and unpredictability of our quarterly results of operations, cash flows, or other operating metrics could result in our failure to meet our expectations or those of analysts that may cover us or investors with respect to revenue or other key metrics for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the trading price of our common stock could fall, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. 
 
 Our software is complex and may have a lengthy implementation process, and any failure of our software to satisfy our customers or perform as desired could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Our software and services are complex and are deployed in a wide variety of environments. Implementing our software can be a complex and lengthy process since we often configure our existing software for a customer s unique environment. Inability to meet the unique needs of our customers may result in customer dissatisfaction and/or damage to our reputation, which could materially harm our business. Further, the proper use of our software may require training of the customer and the initial or ongoing services of our technical personnel over the contract term. If training and/or ongoing services require more of our expenditures than we originally estimated, our margins will be lower than projected. 
 
 In addition, if our customers do not use our software correctly or as intended, inadequate performance or outcomes may result. It is possible that our software may also be intentionally misused or abused by customers or their employees or third parties who obtain access and use of our software. Similarly, our software is sometimes used by customers with smaller or less sophisticated IT departments, potentially resulting in sub-optimal performance at a level lower than anticipated by the customer. Because our customers rely on our software and services to address important business goals and challenges, the incorrect or improper use or configuration of our software, failure to properly train customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our software, or failure to properly provide implementation or analytical or maintenance services to our customers may result in contract terminations or non-renewals, reduced customer payments, negative publicity, or legal claims against us. For example, as we continue to expand 
 12 

Table of Contents 

our customer base, any failure by us to properly provide these services may result in lost opportunities for follow-on expansion sales of our software and services. 
 
 Furthermore, if customer personnel are not well trained in the use of our software, customers may defer the deployment of our software and services, may deploy them in a more limited manner than originally anticipated, or may not deploy them at all. If there is substantial turnover of the company or customer personnel responsible for procurement and use of our software, our software may go unused or be adopted less broadly, and our ability to make additional sales may be substantially limited, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 
 If we do not successfully develop and deploy new technologies to address the needs of our customers, our business and results of operations could suffer. 
 
 Our success has been based on our ability to design software that enables the integration of large amounts of data to facilitate advanced data analysis, knowledge management, and decision support in real-time. We spend substantial amounts of time and money researching and developing new technologies and enhanced versions of existing features to meet our customers and potential customers rapidly evolving needs. There is no assurance that our enhancements to our software or our new product features, capabilities, or offerings, including new product modules, will be compelling to our customers or gain market acceptance. If our research and development investments do not accurately anticipate customer demand or if we fail to develop our software in a manner that satisfies customer preferences in a timely and cost-effective manner, we may fail to retain our existing customers or increase demand for our software. 
 
 The introduction of new products and services by competitors or the development of entirely new technologies to replace existing offerings could make our software obsolete or adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may experience difficulties with software development, design, or marketing that delay or prevent our development, introduction, or implementation of new software, features, or capabilities. We have in the past experienced delays in our internally planned release dates of new features and capabilities, and there can be no assurance that new software, features, or capabilities will be released according to schedule. Any delays could result in adverse publicity, loss of revenue or market acceptance, or claims by customers brought against us, any of which could harm our business. Moreover, the design and development of new software or new features and capabilities to our existing software may require substantial investment, and we have no assurance that such investments will be successful. If customers do not widely adopt our new software, experiences, features, and capabilities, we may not be able to realize a return on our investment and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our new and existing software and changes to our existing software could fail to attain sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including: 
 
 our failure to predict market demand accurately in terms of product functionality and to supply offerings that meet this demand in a timely fashion; 
 
 product defects, errors, or failures or our inability to satisfy customer service level requirements; 
 
 negative publicity or negative private statements about the security, performance, or effectiveness of our software or product enhancements; 
 
 delays in releasing to the market our new offerings or enhancements to our existing offerings, including new product modules; 
 
 introduction or anticipated introduction of competing software or functionalities by our competitors; 
 
 inability of our software or product enhancements to scale and perform to meet customer demands; 
 
 receiving qualified or adverse opinions in connection with security or penetration testing, certifications or audits, such as those related to IT controls and security standards and frameworks or compliance; 
 
 poor business conditions for our customers, causing them to delay software purchases; 
 
 reluctance of customers to purchase proprietary software products; 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

reluctance of our customers to purchase products hosted by our vendors and/or service interruption from such providers; and 
 
 reluctance of customers to purchase products incorporating open source software. 
 
 If we are not able to continue to identify challenges faced by our customers and develop, license, or acquire new features and capabilities to our software in a timely and cost-effective manner, or if such enhancements do not achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may suffer and our anticipated revenue growth may not be achieved. 
 
 Because we derive, and expect to continue to derive, a substantial percentage of our revenue from customers purchasing our software, market acceptance of these products, and any enhancements or changes thereto, is critical to our success. 
 
 The competitive position of our software depends in part on its ability to operate with third-party products and services, and if we are not successful in maintaining and expanding the compatibility of our software with such third-party products and services, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 
 The competitive position of our software depends in part on its ability to operate with products and services of third parties, software services, and infrastructure, including but not limited to, in connection with our joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, strategic alliances, and other similar arrangements where applicable. As such, we must continuously modify and enhance our software to adapt to changes in, or to be integrated or otherwise compatible with, hardware, software, networking, browser, and database technologies. In the future, one or more technology companies may choose not to support the operation of their hardware, software, or infrastructure, or our software may not support the capabilities needed to operate with such hardware, software, or infrastructure. In addition, to the extent that a third-party were to develop software or services that compete with ours, that provider may choose not to support one or more of our offerings. We intend to facilitate the compatibility of our software with various third-party hardware, software, and infrastructure by maintaining and expanding our business and technical relationships. If we are not successful in achieving this goal, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 
 If we fail to manage future growth effectively, our business could be harmed. 
 
 Since our founding, we have experienced rapid growth. We operate in a growing market and have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant expansion of our operations. This growth has placed, and may continue to place, a strain on our employees, management systems, operational, financial, and other resources. As we have grown, we have increasingly managed larger and more complex deployments of our software and services with a broader base of government and commercial customers. As we continue to grow, we face challenges of integrating, developing, retaining, and motivating a rapidly growing employee base. In the event of continued growth of our operations, our operational resources, including our information technology systems, our employee base, or our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations and deployments. Managing our growth may require significant expenditures and allocation of valuable management resources, improving our operational, financial, and management processes and systems, and effectively expanding, training, and managing our employee base. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be harmed. As our organization continues to grow, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the benefits of our traditional company culture, including our ability to quickly respond to customers, and avoid unnecessary delays that may be associated with a formal corporate structure. This could negatively affect our business performance or ability to hire or retain personnel in the near or long-term. 
 
 In addition, our rapid growth may make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects. Our ability to forecast our future results of operations is subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to effectively plan for and model future growth. We have encountered in the past, and may encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, or if we are not able to accurately forecast future growth, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be harmed. 
 
 If we are unable to hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management and deploy our personnel and resources to meet customer demand around the world, our business could suffer. 
 
 Our ability to compete in the highly competitive technology industry depends upon our ability to attract, motivate, and retain qualified personnel. We are highly dependent on the continued contributions of our management team, including their customer relationships, expertise in science and technology, business development experience, and innovative management in both public 
 14 

Table of Contents 

and private sectors. These contributions are integral to our growth and would be difficult to replace. Some of our executive officers and key personnel are at-will employees and may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time. The loss of the services of our key personnel and any of our other executive officers, and our inability to find suitable replacements, could result in a decline in sales, delays in product development, and harm to our business and operations. 
 
 At times, we have experienced, and we may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining personnel with appropriate qualifications, and we may not be able to fill positions in a timely manner or at all. Potential candidates may not perceive our compensation package, including our equity awards, as favorably as personnel hired prior to our listing. In addition, our recruiting personnel, methodology, and approach may need to be altered to address a changing candidate pool and profile. We may not be able to identify or implement such changes in a timely manner. In addition, we may incur significant costs to attract and recruit skilled personnel, and we may lose new personnel to our competitors or other technology companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. As we move into new geographies, we will need to attract and recruit skilled personnel in those geographic areas, but it may be challenging for us to compete with traditional local employers in these regions for talent. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel who can meet our growing technical, operational, and managerial requirements on a timely basis or at all, our business may be harmed. In addition, certain personnel may be required to receive various security clearances and substantial training to work on certain customer engagements or to perform certain tasks. Necessary security clearances may be delayed or unsuccessful, which may negatively impact our ability to perform on our U.S. and non-U.S. government contracts in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to effectively source and staff people with the right mix of skills and experience to perform services for our customers, including our ability to transition personnel to new assignments on a timely basis. If we are unable to effectively utilize our personnel on a timely basis to fulfill the needs of our customers, our business could suffer. 
 
 We face intense competition for qualified personnel, especially software engineers and data scientists, in major U.S. markets, where a large portion of our personnel are based. We incur costs related to attracting, relocating, and retaining qualified personnel in these highly competitive markets, including leasing real estate in prime areas in these locations. Further, many of the companies with which we compete for qualified personnel have greater resources than we have. Additionally, laws and regulations, such as restrictive immigration laws, may limit our ability to recruit outside of the United States. If we fail to attract new personnel or to retain our current personnel, our business and operations could be harmed. 
 
 We seek to retain and motivate existing personnel through our compensation practices, company culture, and career development opportunities. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity for new and existing employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, or if the mix of equity and cash compensation that we offer is less attractive than that of our competitors, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled personnel. Employees may also be more likely to leave us if the shares of our capital stock they own or the shares of our capital stock underlying their equity incentive awards have significantly reduced in value or the vested shares of our capital stock they own or vested shares of our capital stock underlying their equity incentive awards have significantly appreciated. In addition, many of our employees may receive significant proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets at some point after the Closing, which may reduce their motivation to continue to work for us. Any of these factors could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully deploy our marketing and sales organization in a timely manner, or at all, or to successfully hire, retain, train, and motivate our sales personnel, our growth and long-term success could be adversely impacted. 
 
 We currently have a growing, but limited, direct sales force and our sales efforts have historically depended on the significant direct involvement of our senior management team. The successful execution of our strategy to increase our sales to existing customers, identify and engage new customers, and enter new markets will depend, among other things, on our ability to successfully build and expand our sales organization and operations. Identifying, recruiting, training, and managing sales personnel requires significant time, expense, and attention, including from our senior management and other key personnel, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations in the short and long term. 
 
 In order to successfully scale our unique sales model, we must, and we intend to continue to, increase the size of our direct sales force, both in the United States and outside of the United States, to generate additional revenue from new and existing customers while preserving the cultural and mission-oriented elements of our company. If we do not hire enough qualified sales personnel, our future revenue growth and business could be adversely impacted. It may take a significant period of time before our sales personnel are fully trained and productive, particularly in light of our unique sales model, and there is no guarantee we will be successful in adequately training and effectively deploying our sales personnel. In addition, we may need to invest significant resources in our sales operations to enable our sales organization to run effectively and efficiently, including supporting sales 
 15 

Table of Contents 

strategy planning, sales process optimization, data analytics and reporting, and administering incentive compensation arrangements. Furthermore, hiring personnel in new countries requires additional setup and upfront costs that we may not recover if those personnel fail to achieve full productivity in a timely manner. Our business would be adversely affected if our efforts to build, expand, train, and manage our sales organization are not successful. We periodically change and make adjustments to our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive threats, management changes, product introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales headcount, cost levels, and other internal and external considerations. Any future sales organization changes may result in a temporary reduction of productivity, which could negatively affect our rate of growth. In addition, any significant change to the way we structure and implement the compensation of our sales organization may be disruptive or may not be effective and may affect our revenue growth. If we are unable to attract, hire, develop, retain, and motivate qualified sales personnel, if our new sales personnel are unable to achieve sufficient sales productivity levels in a reasonable period of time or at all, if our marketing programs are not effective or if we are unable to effectively build, expand, and manage our sales organization and operations, our sales and revenue may grow more slowly than expected or materially decline, and our business may be significantly harmed. 
 
 Our ability to sell our software and services to customers is dependent on the quality of our offerings, and our failure to maintain the quality of our offerings could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. 
 
 Once our software is deployed and integrated with our customers existing information technology investments, our customers depend on our support to resolve any issues relating to our products. Increasingly, our software is deployed in large-scale, complex technology environments, and we believe our future success will depend on our ability to increase sales of our products into these environments. Our ability to provide effective ongoing support in a timely, efficient, or scalable manner may depend in part on our customers environments and their ability to maintain and/or modernize their IT infrastructure. 
 
 In addition, our ability to provide effective services is largely dependent on our ability to attract, train, and retain qualified personnel with experience in supporting customers on software such as ours. The number of our customers has grown significantly, and that growth has and may continue to put additional pressure on our services teams. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for our products. Increased customer demand for support, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and negatively affect our business and results of operations. In addition, as we continue to grow our operations and expand outside of the United States, we need to be able to provide efficient services that meet our customers needs globally at scale, and our services teams may face additional challenges, including those associated with operating the software and delivering support, training, and documentation in languages other than English and providing services across expanded time-zones. If we are unable to provide efficient deployment and support services globally at scale, our ability to grow our operations may be harmed, and we may need to hire additional services personnel, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our customers typically need training in the proper use of and the variety of benefits that can be derived from our software to realize its full potential. If we do not effectively deploy, update, or upgrade our products, help our customers quickly resolve post-deployment issues, and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to sell additional products and services to customers could be adversely affected, we may face negative publicity, and our reputation with potential customers could be damaged. Many enterprise and government customers require higher levels of services than smaller customers. If we fail to meet the requirements of the larger customers, it may be more difficult to execute on our strategy to increase our penetration with larger customers. As a result, our failure to maintain high quality services may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 
 If we are not able to grow, maintain, and enhance our brand and reputation, our relationships with our customers, partners, and employees may be harmed, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 We believe growing, maintaining, and enhancing our brand identity and reputation is important to our relationships with, and to our ability to attract and retain customers, partners, investors, and employees. The successful promotion of our brand depends upon our ability to continue to offer high-quality software, maintain strong relationships with our customers, the community, and others, while successfully differentiating our software from those of our competitors. Unfavorable media coverage may adversely affect our brand and reputation. We anticipate that as our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, the increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building and maintaining our brand and reputation. If we do not successfully grow, maintain, and enhance our brand identity and reputation, or if we are unable to sell legacy products under the BigBear.ai brand name, we may fail to attract and retain employees, customers, investors, or partners, grow our business, or sustain pricing power, all of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. Additionally, despite our internal safeguards and efforts to the contrary, we cannot guarantee that our customers 
 16 

Table of Contents 

will not ultimately use our software for purposes inconsistent with our company values, and such uses may harm our brand and reputation. 
 
 Our reputation and business may be harmed by news or social media coverage of BigBear.ai including but not limited to coverage that presents, or relies on, inaccurate, misleading, incomplete, or otherwise damaging information. 
 
 Publicly available information regarding BigBear.ai has historically been limited, in part due to the sensitivity of our work with customers or contractual requirements limiting or preventing public disclosure of certain aspects of our work or relationships with certain customers. As our business has grown and as interest in BigBear.ai and the technology industry overall has increased, we have attracted, and may continue to attract, significant attention from news and social media outlets, including unfavorable coverage and coverage that is not directly attributable to statements authorized by our leadership, that incorrectly reports on statements made by our leadership or employees and the nature of our work, perpetuates unfounded speculation about company involvements, or that is otherwise misleading. If such news or social media coverage presents, or relies on, inaccurate, misleading, incomplete, or otherwise damaging information regarding BigBear.ai such coverage could damage our reputation in the industry and with current and potential customers, employees, and investors, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be adversely affected. Due to the sensitive nature of our work and our confidentiality obligations and despite our ongoing efforts to provide increased transparency into our business, operations, and product capabilities, we may be unable to or limited in our ability to respond to such harmful coverage, which could have a negative impact on our business. 
 
 Our relationships with government customers and customers that are engaged in certain sensitive industries, including organizations whose products or activities are or are perceived to be harmful, has resulted in public criticism, including from political and social activists, and unfavorable coverage in the media. Criticism of our relationships with customers could potentially engender dissatisfaction among potential and existing customers, investors, and employees with how we address political and social concerns in our business activities. Conversely, being perceived as yielding to activism targeted at certain customers could damage our relationships with certain customers, including governments and government agencies with which we do business, whose views may or may not be aligned with those of political and social activists. 
 
 Actions we take in response to the activities of our customers, up to and including terminating our contracts or refusing a particular product use case could harm our brand and reputation. In either case, the resulting harm to our reputation could: 
 
 cause certain customers to cease doing business with us; 
 
 impair our ability to attract new customers, or to expand our relationships with existing customers; 
 
 diminish our ability to hire or retain employees; 
 
 undermine our standing in professional communities to which we contribute and from which we receive expert knowledge; or 
 
 prompt us to cease doing business with certain customers. 
 
 Any of these factors could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our pricing for our software and services may change to address market conditions. 
 
 We may have to change or adjust our pricing model in response to general economic conditions, competitor pricing, customer budgets, pricing studies, or findings demonstrating how customers consume our products and services. Additionally, as we introduce our products into new markets, we may need to tailor our pricing structure to address conditions or trends in specific markets. In addition, as new and existing competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours, or revise their pricing structures, we may be unable to attract new customers at the same price or based on the same pricing model as we have used historically. Moreover, as we continue to target selling our software and services to larger organizations, these larger organizations may demand substantial price concessions. In addition, we may need to change pricing policies to accommodate government pricing guidelines for our contracts with federal, state, and local government agencies. If we are unable to modify or develop pricing models and strategies that are attractive to existing and prospective customers, while enabling us to significantly grow our sales and revenue relative to our associated costs and expenses in a reasonable period of time, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

If our government customers are not able or willing to accept our software-based business model, instead of a labor-based business model, our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 
 Our software is generally offered on a productized basis to minimize our customers overall cost of acquisition, maintenance, and deployment time of our products. Many of our government customers and potential customers are instead generally familiar with the practice of purchasing or licensing software through labor contracts, where custom software is written for specific applications, the intellectual property for specific use cases is often owned by the customer, and the software typically requires additional labor contracts for modifications, updates, and services during the life of that specific software. Customers may be unable or unwilling to accept our model of commercial software procurement. Should our customers be unable or unwilling to accept this model of commercial software procurement, our growth could be materially diminished, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 
 Certain estimates of market opportunity included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may prove to be inaccurate. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes our internal estimates of the addressable market for our software and services. Market opportunity estimates, whether obtained from third-party sources or developed internally, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. The estimates in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relating to the size of our target market, market demand and adoption, capacity to address this demand, and pricing may prove to be inaccurate. The addressable market we estimate may not materialize for many years, if ever, and even if the markets in which we compete meet the size estimates in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our business could fail to successfully address or compete in such markets. 
 
 We face intense competition in our markets, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. 
 
 The markets for our software are very competitive, and we expect such competition to continue or increase in the future. A significant number of companies are developing products that currently, or in the future may, compete with some or all aspects of our proprietary software. We may not be successful in convincing the management teams of our potential customers to deploy our software in lieu of existing software solutions or in-house software development projects often favored by internal IT departments or other competitive products and services. In addition, our competitors include large enterprise software companies, government contractors, and system integrators, and we may face competition from emerging companies as well as established companies who have not previously entered this market. Additionally, we may be required to make substantial additional investments in our research, development, services, marketing, and sales functions in order to respond to competition, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. 
 
 Many of our existing competitors have, and some of our potential competitors could have, substantial competitive advantages such as: 
 
 greater name recognition, longer operating histories, and larger customer bases; 
 
 larger sales and marketing budgets and resources and the capacity to leverage their sales efforts and marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of products; 
 
 broader, deeper, or otherwise more established relationships with technology, channel and distribution partners, and customers; 
 
 wider geographic presence or greater access to larger potential customer bases; 
 
 greater focus in specific geographies; 
 
 lower labor and research and development costs; 
 
 larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios; and 
 
 substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources to provide services, to make acquisitions, and to develop and introduce new products and capabilities. 
 
 In addition, some of our larger competitors have substantially broader and more diverse product and service offerings and may be 
 18 

Table of Contents 

able to leverage their relationships with distribution partners and customers based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products to gain business in a manner that discourages customers from purchasing our software, including by selling at zero or negative margins, product bundling, or offering closed technology software. Potential customers may also prefer to purchase from their existing provider rather than a new provider regardless of software performance or features. As a result, even if the features of our software offer advantages that others do not, customers may not purchase our software. These larger competitors often have broader product lines and market focus or greater resources and may therefore not be as susceptible to economic downturns or other significant reductions in capital spending by customers. If we are unable to sufficiently differentiate our software from the integrated or bundled products of our competitors, such as by offering enhanced functionality, performance, or value, we may see a decrease in demand for these offerings, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, new, innovative start-up companies and larger companies that are making significant investments in research and development may introduce products that have greater performance or functionality, are easier to implement or use, incorporate technological advances that we have not yet developed, or implemented or may invent similar or superior software and technologies that compete with our software. Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources. 
 
 Some of our competitors have made or could make acquisitions of businesses that allow them to offer more competitive and comprehensive solutions. As a result of such acquisitions, our current or potential competitors may be able to accelerate the adoption of new technologies that better address customer needs, devote greater resources to bring these products and services to market, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, or develop and expand their product and service offerings more quickly than we do. These competitive pressures in our market, or our failure to compete effectively, may result in fewer orders, reduced revenue and margins, and loss of market share. In addition, it is possible that industry consolidation may impact customers perceptions of the viability of smaller or even mid-size software firms and consequently customers willingness to purchase from such firms. 
 
 We may not compete successfully against our current or potential competitors. If we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take costly actions in response to the actions of our competitors, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, companies competing with us may have an entirely different pricing or distribution model. Increased competition could result in fewer customer orders, price reductions, reduced margins, and loss of market share, any of which could harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our culture emphasizes rapid innovation and advancement of successful hires who may, in some cases, have limited prior industry expertise and prioritizes customer outcomes over short-term financial results, and if we cannot maintain or properly manage our culture as we grow, our business may be harmed. 
 
 We have a culture that encourages employees to quickly develop and launch key technologies and software intended to solve our customers most important problems and prioritizes the advancement of employees to positions of significant responsibility based on merit despite, in some cases, limited prior work or industry experience. Some of our hiring into technical roles comes through our internship program or from candidates joining us directly from undergraduate or graduate engineering programs rather than industry hires. Successful entry-level hires are often quickly advanced and rewarded with significant responsibilities, including in important customer-facing roles as project managers, development leads, and product managers. Larger competitors, such as defense contractors, system integrators, and large software and service companies that traditionally target large enterprises typically have more sizeable direct sales forces staffed by individuals with significantly more industry experience than our customer-facing personnel, which may negatively impact our ability to compete with these larger competitors. As our business grows and becomes more complex, the staffing of customer-facing personnel, some of whom may have limited industry experience, may result in unintended outcomes or in decisions that are poorly received by customers or other stakeholders. For example, in many cases we launch, at our expense, pilot deployments with customers without a long-term contract in place, and some of those deployments have not resulted in the customer s adoption or expansion of its use of our software and services, or the generation of significant, or any, revenue or payments. In addition, as we continue to grow, including geographically, we may find it difficult to maintain our culture. 
 
 Our culture also prioritizes customer outcomes over short-term financial results, and we frequently make product and service decisions that may reduce our short-term revenue or cash flow if we believe that the decisions are consistent with our mission and responsive to our customers goals and thereby have the potential to improve our financial performance over the long term. These decisions may not produce the long-term benefits and results that we expect or may be poorly received in the short term by our investors, in which case our customer growth and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

We may not enter into relationships in select countries or with potential customers if their activities or objectives are inconsistent with our mission or values. 
 
 We generally do not enter into business with customers or governments whose positions or actions we consider inconsistent with our mission to support Western liberal democracy and its strategic allies. Our decisions to not enter into these relationships may not produce the long-term financial benefits and results that we expect, in which case our growth prospects, business, and results of operations could be harmed. Although we endeavor to do business with customers and governments that are aligned with our mission and values, we cannot predict how the activities and values of our government and private sector customers will evolve over time, and they may evolve in a manner inconsistent with our mission. 
 
 Joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, strategic alliances, or subcontracting opportunities may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We expect to continue to enter into joint ventures, channel sales relationships (including original equipment manufacturer OEM and reseller relationships), platform partnerships, strategic alliances, and subcontracting relationships as part of our long-term business strategy. Joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, strategic alliances, subcontracting relationships, and other similar arrangements involve significant investments of both time and resources, and there can be no assurances that they will be successful. They may present significant challenges and risks, including that they may not advance our business strategy, we may get an unsatisfactory return on our investment or lose some or all of our investment, they may distract management and divert resources from our core business, including our business development and product development efforts, they may expose us to unexpected liabilities, they may conflict with our increased sales hiring and direct sales strategy, or we may choose a partner that does not cooperate as we expect them to and that fails to meet its obligations or that has economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. 
 
 For example, in May 2021, we entered into a Joint Venture Agreement with JASINT Consulting and Technologies, LLC to pursue various federal government opportunities. The agreement allowed us to share the considerable investment costs for the proposal and offer the customer the ability to award the contract to a single entity with considerable incumbency, but there is no guarantee the venture will be awarded the contract or any of the associated costs will be recovered. 
 
 Entry into certain joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, or strategic alliances now or in the future may be subject to government regulation, including review by U.S. or foreign government entities related to foreign direct investment. If a joint venture or similar arrangement were subject to regulatory review, such regulatory review might limit our ability to enter into the desired strategic alliance and thus our ability to carry out our long-term business strategy. 
 
 As our joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, and strategic alliances come to an end or terminate, we may be unable to renew or replace them on comparable terms, or at all. When we enter into joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, and strategic alliances, our partners may be required to undertake some portion of sales, marketing, implementation services, engineering services, or software configuration that we would otherwise provide. In such cases, our partner may be less successful than we would have otherwise been absent the arrangement and our ability to influence, or have visibility into, the sales, marketing, and related efforts of our partners may be limited. In the event we enter into an arrangement with a particular partner, we may be less likely (or unable) to work with one or more direct competitors of our partner with which we would have worked absent the arrangement. We may have interests that are different from our joint venture partners and/or which may affect our ability to successfully collaborate with a given partner. Similarly, one or more of our partners in a joint venture, channel sales relationship, platform partnership, or strategic alliance may independently suffer a bankruptcy or other economic hardship that negatively affects its ability to continue as a going concern or successfully perform on its obligation under the arrangement. Moreover, we cannot guarantee that the partners with whom we have strategic relationships will continue to devote the resources necessary to expand our reach and increase our distribution. In addition, customer satisfaction with our products provided in connection with these arrangements may be less favorable than anticipated, negatively impacting anticipated revenue growth and results of operations of arrangements in question. Further, some of our strategic partners offer competing products and services or work with our competitors. As a result of these and other factors, many of the companies with which we have or are seeking joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, or strategic alliances may choose to pursue alternative technologies and develop alternative products and services in addition to or in lieu of our software, either on their own or in collaboration with others, including our competitors. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these partners, our ability to compete in a given marketplace or to grow our revenue would be impaired, and our results of operations may suffer. Even if we are successful in establishing and maintaining these relationships with our partners, we cannot assure you that these relationships will result in increased customer usage of our software or increased revenue. Additionally, if our partners brand, reputation, or products are negatively impacted in any way, that could impact our expected outcomes in those markets. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

In addition, some of our sales to government entities have been made, and in the future may be made, indirectly through our channel partners. Government entities may have statutory, contractual, or other legal rights to terminate contracts with our channel partners for convenience or due to a default, and, in the future, if the portion of government contracts that are subject to renegotiation or termination at the election of the government entity are material, any such termination or renegotiation may adversely impact our future operating results. In the event of such termination, it may be difficult for us to arrange for another channel partner to sell our software to these customers in a timely manner, and we could lose sales opportunities during the transition. Government entities routinely investigate and audit government contractors administrative processes, and any unfavorable audit could result in the government entity refusing to renew its subscription for our software, a reduction of revenue, or fines or civil or criminal liability if the audit uncovers improper or illegal activities. 
 
 Further, winding down joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, or other strategic alliances can result in additional costs, litigation, and negative publicity. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 
 We have business and customer relationships with certain entities who are stockholders or are affiliated with our directors, or both, and conflicts of interest may arise because of such relationships. 
 
 Some of our customers and other business partners are affiliated with certain of our directors or hold shares of our capital stock, or both. For example, in July 2021, we entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Edge Autonomy (formerly UAV Factory), a company owned by AE Industrial Partners, whereby BigBear.ai will develop AI/ML capabilities for Edge Autonomy s unmanned systems and components used in autonomous operations within the commercial and defense markets. We believe that the transactions and agreements that we have entered into with related parties are on terms that are at least as favorable as could reasonably have been obtained at such time from third parties. However, these relationships could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when our Board is faced with decisions that could have different implications for us and these other parties or their affiliates. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise between us and these other parties and their affiliates. The appearance of conflicts, even if such conflicts do not materialize, might adversely affect the public s perception of us, as well as our relationship with other companies and our ability to enter into new relationships in the future, including with competitors of such related parties, which could harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 If we are not successful in executing our strategy to increase our sales to larger customers, our results of operations may suffer. 
 
 An important part of our growth strategy is to increase sales of our software to large enterprises and government entities. Sales to large enterprises and government entities involve risks that may not be present (or that are present to a lesser extent) with sales to small-to-mid-sized entities, especially in commercial markets. These risks include: 
 
 increased leverage held by large customers in negotiating contractual arrangements with us; 
 
 changes in key decision makers within these organizations that may negatively impact our ability to negotiate in the future; 
 
 customer IT departments may perceive that our software and services pose a threat to their internal control and advocate for legacy or internally developed solutions over our software; 
 
 resources may be spent on a potential customer that ultimately elects not to purchase our software and services; 
 
 more stringent requirements in our service contracts, including stricter service response times, and increased penalties for any failure to meet service requirements; 
 
 increased competition from larger competitors, such as defense contractors, system integrators, or large software and service companies that traditionally target large enterprises and government entities and that may already have purchase commitments from those customers; and 
 
 less predictability in completing some of our sales than we have with smaller customers. 
 
 Large enterprises and government entities often undertake a significant evaluation process that results in a lengthy sales cycle, in some cases over 12 months, requiring approvals of multiple management personnel and more technical personnel than would be 
 21 

Table of Contents 

typical of a smaller organization. Due to the length, size, scope, and stringent requirements of these evaluations, we typically provide short-term pilot deployments of our software at no or minimal cost. We sometimes spend substantial time, effort, and money in our sales efforts without producing any sales. The success of the investments that we make depends on factors such as our ability to identify potential customers for which our software has an opportunity to add significant value to the customer s organization, our ability to identify and agree with the potential customer on an appropriate pilot deployment to demonstrate the value of our software, and whether we successfully execute on such pilot deployment. Even if the pilot deployment is successful, we or the customer could choose not to enter into a larger contract for a variety of reasons. For example, product purchases by large enterprises and government entities are frequently subject to budget constraints, leadership changes, multiple approvals, and unplanned administrative, processing, and other delays, any of which could significantly delay or entirely prevent our realization of sales. 
 
 Finally, large enterprises and government entities typically (i) have longer implementation cycles, (ii) require greater product functionality and scalability and a broader range of services, including design services, (iii) demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks, (iv) sometimes require acceptance provisions that can lead to a delay in revenue recognition, (v) typically have more complex IT and data environments, and (vi) expect greater payment flexibility from vendors. Customers, and sometimes we, may also engage third parties to be the users of our software, which may result in contractual complexities and risks, require additional investment of time and human resources to train the third parties and allow third parties (who may be building competitive projects or engaging in other competitive activities) to influence our customers perception of our software. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with these customers. If sales expected from a large customer for a particular quarter are not realized in that quarter or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The ongoing global COVID-19 outbreak has significantly affected our business and operations. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, and the numerous variants that have emerged in the last year, such as the Delta and Omicron variants, have had a significant and sustained negative impact on the global economy. It is unclear how long nations, populations, economies, and businesses will have to operate under the current conditions. Specifically, the COVID-19 pandemic has created headwinds for our business in the form of slower customer operations, longer sales cycles, delayed contract awards, difficulty traveling to or meeting with prospective customers, and decreasing customer budgets as resources are focused on mitigating the impact of the pandemic. 
 
 Our internal measures to protect our workforce, including office closures, remote work arrangements, vaccination awareness campaigns, and office sanitization/disinfecting have been extremely successful, but there remain facets of our operations that are outside of our control. For that reason, we cannot guarantee that our business will not be materially impacted by COVID-19 in the future. Among the largest potential impacts is the speed at which our government customers can return to normal operations, update procurement schedules, and award upcoming contracts. Our financial projections are largely based on advertised contract award dates, and changes to those schedules (when and if they are provided) may substantially impact our operations. 
 
 Moreover, to the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, financial condition, and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, including but not limited to, those related to our ability to increase sales to existing and new customers, continue to perform on existing contracts, develop and deploy new technologies, expand our marketing capabilities and sales organization, generate sufficient cash flow to service our indebtedness, and comply with the covenants in the agreements that govern our indebtedness. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will ultimately affect our financial condition and results of operations is unknown and will depend, among other things, on the duration of the pandemic, the actions undertaken by national, state and local governments and health officials to contain the virus or mitigate its effects, the safety and effectiveness of the vaccines that have been developed and the ability of pharmaceutical companies and governments to continue to manufacture and distribute those vaccines, changes to interest rates, and how quickly and to what extent economic conditions improve and normal business and operating conditions resume. Any one or a combination of these factors could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy, or reductions in IT spending, could limit our ability to grow 
 our business and negatively affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our results of operations may vary based on the impact of changes in our industry or the global economy on us or our customers. The revenue growth and potential profitability of our business depend on demand for our platform. Current or future economic uncertainties or downturns could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Negative conditions in the global economy or individual markets, including changes in gross domestic product growth, financial and credit market fluctuations, 
 22 

Table of Contents 

political turmoil, natural catastrophes, warfare and terrorist attacks on the United States, Europe, Australia, the Asia Pacific region or elsewhere, could cause a decrease in business investments, including spending on IT and negatively affect our business. Political and military events in Ukraine, including the ongoing tensions and state of war between Ukraine and Russia, poor relations between the U.S. and Russia, and sanctions by the international community against Russia or separatist areas of Ukraine may also have an adverse impact on our employees, customers, partners, and vendors. In turn, any of these may adversely impact our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our results of operations. 
 
 If the market for our software and services develops more slowly than we expect, our growth may slow or stall, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 
 The market for our software is rapidly evolving. Our future success will depend in large part on the growth and expansion of this market, which is difficult to predict and relies on a number of factors, including customer adoption, customer demand, changing customer needs, the entry of competitive products, the success of existing competitive products, potential customers willingness to adopt an alternative approach to data collection, storage, and processing and their willingness to invest in new software after significant prior investments in legacy data collection, storage, and processing software. The estimates and assumptions that are used to calculate our market opportunity are subject to change over time, and there is no guarantee that any particular number or percentage of the organizations covered by our market opportunity estimates will pay for our software and services at all or generate any particular level of revenue for us. Even if the market in which we compete meets the size estimates and growth forecasts, our business could fail to grow at the levels we expect or at all for a variety of reasons outside our control, including competition in our industry. Further, if we or other data management and analytics providers experience security incidents, loss of or unauthorized access to customer data, disruptions in delivery, or other problems, this market as a whole, including our software, may be negatively affected. If software for the challenges that we address does not achieve widespread adoption, or there is a reduction in demand caused by a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, weakening economic conditions (including due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and related economic sanctions, rising inflation and interest rates, and monetary policy changes), security or privacy concerns, competing technologies and products, decreases in corporate spending, or otherwise, or, alternatively, if the market develops but we are unable to continue to penetrate it due to the cost, performance, and perceived value associated with our software, or other factors, it could result in decreased revenue and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We will face risks associated with the growth of our business in new commercial markets and with new customer verticals, and we may neither be able to continue our organic growth nor have the necessary resources to dedicate to the overall growth of our business. 
 
 We plan to expand our operations in new commercial markets, including those where we may have limited operating experience, and may be subject to increased business, technology and economic risks that could affect our financial results. In recent periods, we have increased our focus on commercial customers. In the future, we plan to increasingly focus on such customers, including in the manufacturing, supply chain, and commercial space industries. Entering new verticals and expanding in the verticals in which we are already operating will continue to require significant resources and there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful or beneficial to us. Historically, sales to new customers have often led to additional sales to the same customers or similarly situated customers. As we expand into and within new and emerging markets and heavily regulated industry verticals, we will likely face additional regulatory scrutiny, risks, and burdens from the governments and agencies which regulate those markets and industries. While this approach to expansion within new commercial markets and verticals has proven successful in the past, it is uncertain we will achieve the same penetration and organic growth in the future and our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 
 In the future, we may not be able to secure the financing necessary to operate and grow our business as planned, or to make acquisitions. 
 
 In the future, we may seek to raise or borrow additional funds to expand our product or business development efforts, make acquisitions or otherwise fund or grow our business and operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 194 million of indebtedness. Although we currently anticipate that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next 12 months, additional funds may be required if our commercial sales do not develop as quickly as planned. If we require additional financing, we may not be able to obtain debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all. If we raise equity financing to fund operations or on an opportunistic basis, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable to, among other things: 
 
 develop new products, features, capabilities, and enhancements; 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

continue to expand our product development, sales, and marketing organizations; 
 
 hire, train, and retain employees; 
 
 respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working capital requirements; or 
 
 pursue acquisition or other growth opportunities. 
 
 Our inability to take any of these actions because adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 
 We may need to raise additional capital, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, and which may cause dilution to stockholders, restrict our operations or adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 
 
 Our ability to raise additional capital may be significantly affected by general market conditions, the market price of our ordinary shares, our financial condition, uncertainty about the future commercial success of our products, regulatory developments, the status and scope of our intellectual property, any ongoing arbitration or litigation, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations and other factors, many of which are outside our control. Furthermore, the Indenture governing the 2026 Convertible Notes contains limitations on our ability to incur debt and issue preferred and/or disqualified stock. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain needed financing on acceptable terms, or otherwise, we may not be able to implement our business plan, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including a decline in the trading price of our ordinary shares. Any additional equity financings could result in additional dilution to our then existing stockholders. In addition, we may enter into additional financings that restrict our operations or adversely affect our ability to operate our business and, if we issue equity, debt or other securities to raise additional capital or restructure or refinance our existing indebtedness, the new equity, debt or other securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. 
 
 Our ability to generate the amount of cash needed to pay interest and principal on any indebtedness and our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or to refinance our obligations under, any indebtedness depends on our financial and operating performance and prevailing economic and competitive conditions. Certain of these financial and business factors, many of which may be beyond our control, are described above. 
 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, raise additional equity capital, or restructure our debt. However, there is no assurance that such alternative measures may be successful or permitted under the agreements governing our indebtedness and, as a result, we may not be able to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Even if successful, actions taken to improve short-term liquidity to meet our debt service and other obligations could harm our long-term business prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that we will be able to refinance our indebtedness or obtain additional financing on satisfactory terms or at all, including due to existing guarantees on our assets or our level of indebtedness and the debt incurrence restrictions imposed by the agreements governing our indebtedness. Further, the cost and availability of credit are subject to changes in the economic and business environment. If conditions in major credit markets deteriorate, our ability to refinance our indebtedness or obtain additional financing on satisfactory terms, or at all, may be negatively affected. 
 
 Our debt agreements contain restrictions that may limit our flexibility in operating our business. 
 
 Our Credit Agreement, our Indenture governing our 2026 Convertible Notes and related documents contain, and instruments governing any future indebtedness of ours would likely contain, a number of covenants that will impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to, among other things: 
 
 create liens on certain assets; 
 
 incur additional debt or issue new equity; 
 
 consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and 
 24 

Table of Contents 

sell certain assets. 
 
 Any of these restrictions could limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions and could otherwise restrict corporate activities. Any failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under our secured credit facility or instruments governing any future indebtedness of ours. Additionally, our credit facility is secured by substantially all of our assets. Upon a default, unless waived, the lenders under our secured credit facility could elect to terminate their commitments, cease making further loans, foreclose on our assets pledged to such lenders to secure our obligations under our credit agreement and force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. In addition, a default under our secured credit facility could trigger a cross default under agreements governing any future indebtedness. Our results of operations may not be sufficient to service our indebtedness and to fund our other expenditures, and we may not be able to obtain financing to meet these requirements. If we experience a default under our secured credit facility or instruments governing our future indebtedness, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
 
 In addition, the 2026 Convertible Notes mature on December 15, 2026. There are no assurances that that we will have sufficient funds available to satisfy the 2026 Convertible Notes at maturity, or that the holders will elect to convert the 2026 Convertible Notes into shares of our Common Stock. 
 
 As previously disclosed, as of June 30, 2022, the Company was not in compliance with the Fixed Charge Coverage ratio requirement of our Credit Agreement and, on August 9, 2022, entered into the First Amendment, which, among other things, waived the requirement that the Company demonstrate compliance with the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage ratio provided for in the Credit Agreement for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. Also as previously disclosed, as of September 30, 2022, the Company was not in compliance with the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio requirement and entered into a Second Amendment, which modifies key terms of the Senior Revolver. As a result, among other things, the Senior Revolver no longer is subject to a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage ratio covenant. In order for the facility to become available, the Company must report Adjusted EBITDA of at least one dollar. Commencing on the first fiscal quarter after the Senior Revolver becomes available pursuant to the preceding sentence, the Company is required to have aggregated reported Adjusted EBITDA of at least 1 over the two preceding quarters to maintain its ability to borrow under the Senior Revolver (though the inability to satisfy such condition does not result in a default under the Senior Revolver). 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants and restrictions associated with our debt agreements. 
 
 We may acquire or invest in companies and technologies, which may divert our management s attention, and result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions or investments. 
 
 As part of our business strategy, we have engaged in strategic transactions in the past and expect to evaluate and consider potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies, services, products and other assets in the future. We also may enter into relationships with other businesses to expand our products or our ability to provide services. An acquisition, investment or business relationship may result in unforeseen risks, operating difficulties and expenditures, including the following: 
 
 an acquisition may negatively affect our financial results because it may require us to incur charges or assume substantial debt or other liabilities, may cause adverse tax consequences or unfavorable accounting treatment, may expose us to claims and disputes by third parties, including intellectual property claims and disputes, or may not generate sufficient financial return to offset additional costs and expenses related to the acquisition; 
 
 costs and potential difficulties associated with the requirement to test and assimilate the internal control processes of the acquired business; 
 
 we may encounter difficulties or unforeseen expenditures assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, infrastructure, products, personnel, or operations of the acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of the acquired company choose not to work for us or if we are unable to retain key personnel, if their technology is not easily adapted to work with ours, or if we have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business due to changes in ownership, management, or otherwise; 
 
 we may not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition; 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

an acquisition may disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses, and distract our management; 
 
 an acquisition may result in a delay or reduction of customer purchases for both us and the company acquired due to customer uncertainty about continuity and effectiveness of service from either company; 
 
 the potential impact on relationships with existing customers, vendors, and distributors as business partners as a result of acquiring another company or business that competes with or otherwise is incompatible with those existing relationships; 
 
 the potential that our due diligence of the acquired company or business does not identify significant problems or liabilities, or that we underestimate the costs and effects of identified liabilities; 
 
 exposure to litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risk as a result of, an acquisition, including but not limited to claims from former employees, customers, or other third parties, which may differ from or be more significant than the risks our business faces; 
 
 potential goodwill impairment charges related to acquisitions; 
 
 we may encounter difficulties in, or may be unable to, successfully sell any acquired products; 
 
 an acquisition may involve the entry into geographic or business markets in which we have little or no prior experience or where competitors have stronger market positions; 
 
 an acquisition may require us to comply with additional laws and regulations, or to engage in substantial remediation efforts to cause the acquired company to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or result in liabilities resulting from the acquired company s failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations; 
 
 our use of cash to pay for an acquisition would limit other potential uses for our cash; 
 
 if we incur debt to fund such acquisition, such debt may subject us to material restrictions on our ability to conduct our business as well as financial maintenance covenants; and 
 
 to the extent that we issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. 
 
 The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Moreover, we cannot assure you that we would not be exposed to unknown liabilities. 
 
 Certain revenue metrics such as net dollar-based retention rate or annual recurring revenue may not be accurate indicators of our future financial results. 
 
 Other subscription-based software companies often report on metrics such as net dollar-based revenue retention rate, annual recurring revenue or other revenue metrics, and investors and analysts sometimes look to these metrics as indicators of business activity in a period for businesses such as ours. However, given our large concentration of business with government customers through non-traditional contract arrangements, these metrics may not be relevant, available, or representative of the success of our operations. The gain or loss of even a single high-value customer contract could cause significant volatility in these metrics. If investors and analysts view our business through these metrics, the trading price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Information Technology, Data Privacy and Security 
 
 If any of the systems of any third parties upon which we rely, our customers cloud or on-premises environments, or our internal systems, are breached or if unauthorized access to customer or third-party data is otherwise obtained, public perception of our software and services may be harmed, and we may lose business and incur losses or liabilities. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to provide effective data security protection in connection with our software and services, and we rely on information technology networks and systems to securely store, transmit, index, and otherwise process electronic information. Because our software is used by our customers to store, transmit, index, or otherwise process and analyze 
 26 

Table of Contents 

large data sets that often contain proprietary, confidential, and/or sensitive information (including in some instances personal or identifying information and personal health information), our software is perceived as an attractive target for attacks by computer hackers or others seeking unauthorized access, and our software faces threats of unintended exposure, exfiltration, alteration, deletion, or loss of data. Additionally, because many of our customers use our software to store, transmit, and otherwise process proprietary, confidential, or sensitive information, and complete mission critical tasks, they have a lower risk tolerance for security vulnerabilities in our software and services than for vulnerabilities in other, less critical, software products and services. 
 
 We, and the third-party vendors upon which we rely, have experienced, and may in the future experience, cybersecurity threats, including threats or attempts to disrupt our information technology infrastructure and unauthorized attempts to gain access to sensitive or confidential information. Our and our third-party vendors technology systems may be damaged or compromised by malicious events, such as cyberattacks (including computer viruses, malicious and destructive code, phishing attacks, and denial of service attacks), physical or electronic security breaches, natural disasters, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, personnel misconduct, and human error. Such attacks or security breaches may be perpetrated by internal bad actors, such as employees or contractors, or by third parties (including traditional computer hackers, persons involved with organized crime, or foreign state or foreign state-supported actors). Cybersecurity threats can employ a wide variety of methods and techniques, which may include the use of social engineering techniques, are constantly evolving, and have become increasingly complex and sophisticated; all of which increase the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until after they are launched against a target, we and our third-party vendors may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. Although prior cyberattacks directed at us have not had a material impact on our financial results, and we are continuing to bolster our threat detection and mitigation processes and procedures, we cannot guarantee that future cyberattacks, if successful, will not have a material impact on our business or financial results. While we have security measures in place to protect our information and our customers information and to prevent data loss and other security breaches, we have not always been able to do so and there can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to anticipate or prevent security breaches or unauthorized access of our information technology systems or the information technology systems of the third-party vendors upon which we rely. Despite our implementation of network security measures and internal information security policies, data stored on personnel computer systems is also vulnerable to similar security breaches, unauthorized tampering, or human error. 
 
 Many governments have enacted laws requiring companies to provide notice of data security incidents involving certain types of data, including personal data. In addition, most of our customers, including U.S. government customers, contractually require us to notify them of data security breaches. If an actual or perceived breach of security measures, unauthorized access to our system or the systems of the third-party vendors that we rely upon, or any other cybersecurity threat occurs, we may face direct or indirect liability, costs, or damages, contract termination, our reputation in the industry and with current and potential customers may be compromised, our ability to attract new customers could be negatively affected, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Further, unauthorized access to our or our third-party vendors information technology systems or data or other security breaches could result in the loss of information; significant remediation costs; litigation, disputes, regulatory action, or investigations that could result in damages, material fines, and penalties; indemnity obligations; interruptions in the operation of our business, including our ability to provide new product features, new software, or services to our customers; damage to our operation technology networks and information technology systems; and other liabilities. Moreover, our remediation efforts may not be successful. Any or all of these issues, or the perception that any of them have occurred, could negatively affect our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to terminate or not renew their agreements, hinder our ability to obtain and maintain required or desirable cybersecurity certifications, and result in reputational damage, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. There can be no assurance that any limitations of liability provisions in our license arrangements with customers or in our agreements with vendors, partners, or others would be enforceable, applicable, or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any claim. 
 
 We maintain cybersecurity insurance and other types of insurance, subject to applicable deductibles and policy limits, but our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all costs, claims, or liabilities associated with a potential data security incident. In addition, our insurance may not protect us against all claims and losses related to our software or a data security incident due to specified exclusions, deductibles and material change limitations and it may be difficult to insure against certain risks. We also cannot be sure that our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for cyber liability or errors or omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could harm our financial condition. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Issues in the use of AI and ML in our software may result in reputational harm or liability. 
 
 AI is enabled by or integrated into some of our software and is a significant and potentially growing element of our business. As with many developing technologies, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business. AI algorithms may be flawed. Datasets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information. Inappropriate or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users of our systems could impair the acceptance of AI solutions. If the recommendations, forecasts, or analyses that AI applications assist in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. Some AI scenarios present ethical issues. Though our technologies and business practices are designed to mitigate many of these risks, if we enable or offer AI solutions that are controversial because of their purported or real impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social issues, we may experience brand or reputational harm. 
 
 We depend on computing infrastructure operated by Amazon Web Services (AWS) and other third parties to support some of our customers, and any errors, disruption, performance problems, or failure in their or our operational infrastructure could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on the technology, infrastructure, and software applications, including software-as-a-service offerings, of certain third parties, such as AWS, in order to host or operate some or all of certain key platform features or functions of our business, including our cloud-based services, customer relationship management activities, billing and order management, and financial accounting services. Additionally, we rely on computer hardware purchased in order to deliver our software and services. We do not have control over the operations of the facilities of the third parties that we use. If any of these third-party services experience errors, disruptions, security issues, or other performance deficiencies, if they are updated such that our software become incompatible, if these services, software, or hardware fail or become unavailable due to extended outages, interruptions, defects, or otherwise, or if they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices (or at all), these issues could result in errors or defects in our software, cause our software to fail, cause our revenue and margins to decline, or cause our reputation and brand to be damaged, and we could be exposed to legal or contractual liability, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage our operations could be interrupted, and our processes for managing our sales and servicing our customers could be impaired until equivalent services or technology, if available, are identified, procured, and implemented, all of which may take significant time and resources, increase our costs, and could adversely affect our business. Many of these third-party providers attempt to impose limitations on their liability for such errors, disruptions, defects, performance deficiencies, or failures, and if enforceable, we may have additional liability to our customers or third-party providers. 
 
 We have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions, failures, data loss, outages, and other performance problems with our infrastructure and cloud-based offerings due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, employee misconduct, capacity constraints, denial of service attacks, phishing attacks, computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, or other security-related incidents, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all situations. If we experience disruptions, failures, data loss, outages, or other performance problems, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our systems and the third-party systems upon which we and our customers rely are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from catastrophic occurrences such as earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunication failures, cybersecurity threats, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical and similar events, or acts of misconduct. Moreover, we have business operations in San Diego, California, which is a seismically active region. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a catastrophic disaster or other unanticipated problems at our or our third-party vendors hosting facilities, or within our systems or the systems of third parties upon which we rely, could result in interruptions, performance problems, or failure of our infrastructure, technology, or software, which may adversely impact our business. In addition, our ability to conduct normal business operations could be severely affected. In the event of significant physical damage to one of these facilities, it may take a significant period of time to achieve full resumption of our services, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. In addition, any negative publicity arising from these disruptions could harm our reputation and brand and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Furthermore, our software are in many cases important or essential to our customers operations, including in some cases, their cybersecurity or oversight and compliance programs, and subject to service level agreements SLAs ). Any interruption in our service, whether as a result of an internal or third-party issue, could damage our brand and reputation, cause our customers to terminate or not renew their contracts with us or decrease use of our software and services, require us to indemnify our customers against certain losses, result in our issuing credit or paying penalties or fines, subject us to other losses or liabilities, cause our software to be perceived as unreliable or unsecure, and prevent us from gaining new or additional business from current or future 
 28 

Table of Contents 

customers, any of which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Moreover, to the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed, and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. The provisioning of additional cloud hosting capacity requires lead time. AWS and other third parties have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If any third parties increase pricing terms, terminate, or seek to terminate our contractual relationship, establish more favorable relationships with our competitors, or change or interpret their terms of service or policies in a manner that is unfavorable with respect to us, we may be required to transfer to other cloud providers or invest in a private cloud. If we are required to transfer to other cloud providers or invest in a private cloud, we could incur significant costs and experience possible service interruption in connection with doing so, or risk loss of customer contracts if they are unwilling to accept such a change. 
 
 A failure to maintain our relationships with our third-party providers (or obtain adequate replacements), and to receive services from such providers that do not contain any material errors or defects, could adversely affect our ability to deliver effective products and solutions to our customers and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our policies regarding customer confidential information and support for individual privacy and civil liberties could cause us to experience adverse business and reputational consequences. 
 
 We strive to protect our customers confidential information and individuals privacy consistent with applicable laws, directives, and regulations. From time to time, government entities may seek our assistance with obtaining information about our customers or could request that we modify our software in a manner to permit access or monitoring. In light of our confidentiality and privacy commitments, we may legally challenge law enforcement or other government requests to provide information, to obtain encryption keys, or to modify or weaken encryption. To the extent that we do not provide assistance to or comply with requests from government entities, or if we challenge those requests publicly or in court, we may experience adverse political, business, and reputational consequences among certain customers or portions of the public. Conversely, to the extent that we do provide such assistance, or do not challenge those requests publicly in court, we may experience adverse political, business, and reputational consequences from other customers or portions of the public arising from concerns over privacy or the government s activities. 
 
 Failure to adequately obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our success and ability to compete depends in part on our ability to protect our proprietary methods and technologies in the United States and other jurisdictions outside the United States so that we can prevent others from using our inventions and proprietary information and technology. Despite our efforts, third parties may attempt to disclose, obtain, copy, or use our intellectual property or other proprietary information or technology without our authorization, and our efforts to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights may not prevent such unauthorized disclosure or use, misappropriation, infringement, reverse engineering or other violation of our intellectual property or other proprietary rights. 
 
 We have devoted substantial resources to the development of our proprietary software. In order to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, we rely in part on trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, and third parties. These agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets, in which case we would not be able to assert trade secret rights or develop similar technologies and processes. 
 
 Further, laws in certain jurisdictions may afford little or no trade secret protection, and any changes in, or unexpected interpretations of, the intellectual property laws in any jurisdiction in which we operate may compromise our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights. If the protection of our proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our software, brand, and other intangible assets may be diminished, and competitors may be able to more effectively replicate our software products. Any of these events would harm our business. 
 
 In addition, we may be the subject of intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claims, which could be very time-consuming and expensive to settle or litigate and could divert our management s attention and other resources. These claims could also subject us to significant liability for damages if we are found to have infringed patents, copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights, or breached trademark co-existence agreements or other intellectual property licenses and could 
 29 

Table of Contents 

require us to cease using or to rebrand all or portions of our software. Any of our patents, copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. 
 
 In addition, any of our copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights may be challenged, narrowed, invalidated, held unenforceable, or circumvented in litigation or other proceedings, including, where applicable, opposition, re-examination, inter partes review, post-grant review, interference, nullification and derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions, and such intellectual property or other proprietary rights may be lost or no longer provide us meaningful competitive advantages. Such proceedings may result in substantial cost and require significant time from our management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. Third parties also may legitimately and independently develop products, services, and technology similar to or duplicative of our software. In addition to protection under intellectual property laws, we rely on confidentiality or license agreements that we generally enter into with our corporate partners, employees, consultants, advisors, vendors, and customers, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information. However, we cannot be certain that we have entered into such agreements with all parties who may have or have had access to our confidential information or that the agreements we have entered into will not be breached or challenged, or that such breaches will be detected. Furthermore, non-disclosure provisions can be difficult to enforce, and even if successfully enforced, may not be entirely effective. We cannot guarantee that any of the measures we have taken will prevent infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of our technology or other intellectual property or proprietary rights. Because we may be an attractive target for cyberattacks, we also may have a heightened risk of unauthorized access to, and misappropriation of, our proprietary and competitively sensitive information. We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, and we may conclude that in at least some instances the benefits of protecting our intellectual property or other proprietary rights may be outweighed by the expense or distraction to our management. We may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of our intellectual property or other proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our intellectual property or other proprietary rights. Any such litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could be time-consuming, result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. Furthermore, attempts to enforce our intellectual property rights against third parties could also provoke these third parties to assert their own intellectual property or other rights against us, or result in a holding that invalidates or narrows the scope of our rights, in whole or in part. 
 
 We may in the future be subject to intellectual property rights claims, which are extremely costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies. 
 
 Our success and ability to compete also depends in part on our ability to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of third parties. Companies in the software and technology industries, including some of our current and potential competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and frequently pursue litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, many of these companies have the capability to dedicate substantial resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. Such litigation also may involve non-practicing patent assertion entities or companies who use their patents to extract license fees by threatening costly litigation or that have minimal operations or relevant product revenue and against whom our patents may provide little or no deterrence or protection. While we have not received any notices to date, we may receive notices in the future that claim we have infringed, misappropriated, misused, or otherwise violated other parties intellectual property rights, and, to the extent we become exposed to greater visibility, we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violation claims, which is not uncommon with respect to software technologies in particular. There may be third-party intellectual property rights, including issued patents or pending patent applications, that cover significant aspects of our technologies, or business methods. There may also be third-party intellectual property rights, including trademark registrations and pending applications, that cover the goods and services that we offer in certain regions. We may also be exposed to increased risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation, or other violation claims as a result of acquisitions and our incorporation of open source and other third-party software into, or new branding for, our software, as, among other things, we have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to such technology or the care taken to safeguard against infringement, misappropriation, or other violation risks. In addition, former employers of our current, former, or future employees may assert claims that such employees have improperly disclosed to us confidential or proprietary information of these former employers. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, are difficult to predict, could be very time-consuming and expensive to settle or litigate, could divert our management s attention and other resources, and may not be covered by the insurance that we carry. These claims could subject us to significant liability for damages, potentially including treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed a third party s intellectual property rights. These claims could also result in our having to stop using technology, branding or marks found to be in violation of a third party s rights and any necessary rebranding could result in the loss of goodwill. We could be required to seek a license for the intellectual property, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if a license were available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would 
 30 

Table of Contents 

increase our expenses. As a result, we could be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, branding or marks, which could require significant effort and expense. If we cannot license rights or develop technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit or stop sales of one or more of our software or features, we could lose existing customers, and we may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Further, certain of our agreements with customers and other third parties may include indemnification provisions under which we agree to indemnify them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property rights, damages caused by us to property or persons, or other liabilities relating to or arising from our software, services, or other contractual obligations. Large indemnity payments could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any dispute with a customer with respect to such obligations could have adverse effects on our relationship with that customer and other existing customers and new customers and harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 Real or perceived errors, failures, defects, or bugs in our software could adversely affect our results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Because we offer very complex software, undetected errors, defects, failures, or bugs may occur, especially when software or capabilities are first introduced or when new versions or other product or infrastructure updates are released. Our software is often installed and used in large-scale computing environments with different operating systems, software products and equipment, and data source and network configurations, which may cause errors or failures in our software or may expose undetected errors, failures, or bugs in our software. Despite testing by us, errors, failures, or bugs may not be found in new software or releases until after commencement of commercial shipments. In the past, errors have affected the performance of our software and can also delay the development or release of new software or capabilities or new versions of software, adversely affect our reputation and our customers willingness to buy software from us, and adversely affect market acceptance or perception of our software. Many of our customers use our software in applications that are critical to their businesses or missions and may have a lower risk tolerance to defects in our software than to defects in other, less critical, software products. Any errors or delays in releasing new software or new versions of software or allegations of unsatisfactory performance or errors, defects or failures in released software could cause us to lose revenue or market share, increase our service costs, cause us to incur substantial costs in redesigning the software, cause us to lose significant customers, subject us to liability for damages and divert our resources from other tasks, any one of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our software could be perceived to be ineffective for a variety of reasons outside of our control. Hackers or other malicious parties could circumvent our or our customers security measures, and customers may misuse our software resulting in a security breach or perceived product failure. Real or perceived errors, failures, or bugs in our software and services, or dissatisfaction with our services and outcomes, could result in customer terminations and/or claims by customers for losses sustained by them. In such an event, we may be required, or we may choose, for customer relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct any such errors, failures, or bugs. Although we have limitation of liability provisions in certain of our customer agreements, these provisions may not be enforceable in some circumstances, may vary in levels of protection across our agreements, or may not fully or effectively protect us from such claims and related liabilities and costs. The sale and support of our products also entail the risk of product liability claims. We maintain insurance to protect against certain claims associated with the use of our software and services, but our insurance coverage may not adequately cover all claims and liabilities asserted against us. In addition, our insurance may not protect us against all losses due to specified exclusions, deductibles and material change limitations and it may be difficult to insure against certain risks. Even claims that ultimately are unsuccessful could result in our expenditure of funds in litigation and divert management s time and other resources. 
 
 In addition, our software integrates a wide variety of other elements, and our software must successfully interoperate with products from other vendors and our customers internally developed software. As a result, when problems occur for a customer using our software, it may be difficult to identify the sources of these problems, and we may receive blame for a security, access control, or other compliance breach that was the result of the failure of one of other elements in a customer s or another vendor s IT, security, or compliance infrastructure. The occurrence of software or errors in data, whether or not caused by our software, could delay or reduce market acceptance of our software and have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, and any necessary revisions may cause us to incur significant expenses. The occurrence of any such problems could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If an actual or perceived breach of information correctness, auditability, integrity, or availability occurs in one of our customers systems, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to our software, the market perception of the effectiveness of our software could be harmed. Alleviating any of these problems could require additional significant expenditures of our capital and other resources and could cause interruptions, delays, or cessation of our product licensing, which could cause us to lose existing or potential customers and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

We rely on the availability of licenses to third-party technology that may be difficult to replace or that may cause errors or delay implementation of our software and services should we not be able to continue or obtain a commercially reasonable license to such technology. 
 
 Our software may include intellectual property licensed from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to renew licenses relating to various aspects of these software or to seek new licenses for existing or new software or other products. There can be no assurance that the necessary licenses would be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Third parties may terminate their licenses with us for a variety of reasons, including actual or perceived failures or breaches of security or privacy, or reputational concerns, or they may choose not to renew their licenses with us. In addition, we may be subject to liability if third-party software that we license is found to infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate intellectual property or privacy rights of others. The loss of, or inability to obtain, certain third-party licenses or other rights or to obtain such licenses or rights on favorable terms, or the need to engage in litigation regarding these matters, could result in product roll-backs, delays in product releases until equivalent technology can be identified, licensed or developed, if at all, and integrated into our software, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, the inclusion in our software of software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties on a nonexclusive basis could limit our ability to differentiate our software from products of our competitors and could inhibit our ability to provide the current level of service to existing customers. 
 
 In addition, any data that we license from third parties for potential use in our software may contain errors or defects, which could negatively impact the analytics that our customers perform on or with such data. This may have a negative impact on how our software is perceived by our current and potential customers and could materially damage our reputation and brand. 
 
 Changes in or the loss of third-party licenses could lead to our software becoming inoperable or the performance of our software being materially reduced resulting in our potentially needing to incur additional research and development costs to ensure continued performance of our software or a material increase in the costs of licensing, and we may experience decreased demand for our software. 
 
 Our software contains open source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could negatively affect our business. 
 
 Our software is distributed with software licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source licenses. Some of these licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open-source software, and that we license these modifications or derivative works under the terms of a particular open-source license or other license granting third-parties certain rights of further use. If we combine our proprietary software with open-source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain provisions of the open-source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software. In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open-source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide updates, warranties, support, indemnities, assurances of title, or controls on origin of the software. Likewise, some open-source projects have known security and other vulnerabilities and architectural instabilities, or are otherwise subject to security attacks due to their wide availability, and are provided on an as-is basis. We have established processes to help alleviate these risks, including a review process for screening requests from our development organization for the use of open source software, and the use of software tools to review our source code for open source software, but we cannot be sure that all open source software is submitted for approval prior to use in our software or that such software tools will be effective. In addition, open source license terms may be ambiguous and many of the risks associated with usage of open source software cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed, negatively affect our business. If we were found to have inappropriately used open source software, we may be required to re-engineer our software, to release proprietary source code, to discontinue the sale of our software in the event re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, or to take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our development efforts, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects. In addition, if the open source software we use is no longer maintained by the relevant open source community, then it may be more difficult to make the necessary revisions to our software, including modifications to address security vulnerabilities, which could impact our ability to mitigate cybersecurity risks or fulfill our contractual obligations to our customers. We may also face claims from others seeking to enforce the terms of an open source license, including by demanding release of the open source software, derivative works or our proprietary source code that was developed using such software. Such claims, with or without merit, could result in litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to settle or litigate, could divert our management s attention and other resources, could require us to lease some of our proprietary code, or could require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our software, any of which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we have intentionally made certain proprietary software available on an open source basis, both by contributing modifications back to existing open source projects, and by making certain internally developed tools available pursuant to open source licenses, and we plan to continue to do so in the future. While we have established procedures, including a review process for any such contributions, which is designed to protect any code that may be competitively sensitive, we cannot guarantee that this process has always been applied consistently. Even when applied, because any software source code we contribute to open source projects is publicly available, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights with respect to such software source code may be limited or lost entirely, and we may be unable to prevent our competitors or others from using such contributed software source code for competitive purposes, or for commercial or other purposes beyond what we intended. 
 
 Many of these risks associated with usage of open source software could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and could, if not properly addressed, negatively affect the performance of our offerings and our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory and Accounting 
 
 Our estimates and projections may prove to be inaccurate and certain of our assets may be at risk of future impairment. 
 
 The accounting for some of our most significant activities is based on judgments and estimates, which are complex and subject to many variables. For example, accounting for sales using the percentage-of-completion method requires that we assess risks and make assumptions regarding schedule, cost, technical and performance issues for numerous contracts, many of which are long-term in nature. Additionally, we initially allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses based on a preliminary assessment of the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. For significant acquisitions, we may use a one-year measurement period to analyze and assess a number of factors used in establishing the asset and liability fair values as of the acquisition date which could result in adjustments to asset and liability balances. 
 
 We have 48.7 million of goodwill assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, from previous acquisitions, which represents approximately 25 of our total assets as of the end of this period. These goodwill assets are subject to annual impairment testing and more frequent testing upon the occurrence of certain events or significant changes in circumstances that indicate goodwill may be impaired. If we experience changes or factors arise that negatively affect the expected cash flows of a reporting unit, we may be required to write off all or a portion of the reporting unit s related goodwill. For example, during the second and fourth quarters of 2022, we recognized a non-cash goodwill impairment charge related to our Cyber Engineering and Analytics business segments, respectively. Business deterioration, contract cancellations or terminations, or market pressures could cause our sales, earnings and cash flows to decline below current projections and could cause goodwill and intangible assets to be impaired in the future. 
 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and security, technology protection, and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise harm our business. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of local, state, national, and international laws and directives and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including privacy and data protection, data security, data storage, retention, transfer and deletion, technology protection, and personal information. Foreign data protection, data security, privacy, and other laws and regulations can impose different obligations or be more restrictive than those in the United States. These U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations, which, depending on the regime, may be enforced by private parties or government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change, and they are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. In addition, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving software and technology industry in which we operate and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. A number of proposals are pending before U.S. federal, state, and foreign legislative and regulatory bodies that could significantly affect our business. For example, ongoing legal challenges in Europe to the mechanisms allowing companies to transfer personal data from the European Economic Area to certain other jurisdictions, including the United States, could result in further limitations on the ability to transfer data across borders, particularly if governments are unable or unwilling to reach new or maintain existing agreements that permit cross-border data transfers. The California state legislature passed the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA in 2018 and California voters approved a ballot measure subsequently establishing the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA in 2020, which will jointly regulate the processing of personal information of California residents and increase the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain personal information of California residents, including requiring covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers, and afford such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA came into effect on January 1, 2020, and the California Attorney General may 
 33 

Table of Contents 

bring enforcement actions, with penalties for violations of the CCPA. The CPRA will go into effect on January 1, 2023 instilling enforcement authority in a new dedicated regulatory body, the California Privacy Protection Agency, which will begin carrying out enforcement actions as soon as six months after the enactment date. While aspects of both the CCPA and CPRA and their interpretations remain to be determined in practice, we are committed to complying with their obligations. We cannot yet fully predict the impact of the CCPA and CPRA on our business or operations, but developments regarding these and all privacy and data protection laws and regulations around the world may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to maintain compliance on an ongoing basis. Outside of the United States, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own legal framework relating to privacy, data protection, and information security matters with which we and/or our customers must comply. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, retention, disclosure, security, transfer, and other processing of data that identifies or may be used to identify or locate an individual. Some countries and regions, including the European Union, are considering or have passed legislation that imposes significant obligations in connection with privacy, data protection, and information security that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our software and services, including the European General Data Protection Regulation GDPR which took effect in May 2018. Complying with the GDPR or other data protection laws and regulations as they emerge may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or require us to modify our data handling practices on an ongoing basis. Non-compliance with the GDPR specifically may result in administrative fines or monetary penalties of up to 4 of worldwide annual revenue in the preceding financial year or 20 million (whichever is higher) for the most serious infringements and could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or other related parties and may otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The overarching complexity of privacy and data protection laws and regulations around the world pose a compliance challenge that could manifest in costs, damages, or liability in other forms as a result of failure to implement proper programmatic controls, failure to adhere to those controls, or the malicious or inadvertent breach of applicable privacy and data protection requirements by us, our employees, our business partners, or our customers. 
 
 In addition to government regulation, self-regulatory standards and other industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, be argued to apply to us, or we may elect to comply with such standards or to facilitate our customers compliance with such standards. Because privacy, data protection, and information security are critical competitive factors in our industry, we may make statements on our website, in marketing materials, or in other settings about our data security measures and our compliance with, or our ability to facilitate our customers compliance with, these standards. We also expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations concerning privacy, data protection, and information security, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards, or amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and regulations, industry standards, or other obligations may have on our business. New laws, amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and regulations, industry standards, and contractual and other obligations may require us to incur additional costs and restrict our business operations. As these legal regimes relating to privacy, data protection, and information security continue to evolve, they may result in ever-increasing public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. Furthermore, because the interpretation and application of laws, standards, contractual obligations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security are uncertain, these laws, standards, and contractual and other obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is, or is alleged to be, inconsistent with our data management practices, our policies or procedures, or the features of our software, or we may simply fail to properly develop or implement our practices, policies, procedures, or features in compliance with such obligations. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits, and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our software, which could have an adverse effect on our business. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and our ability to fulfill existing obligations, make enhancements, or develop new software and features could be limited. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our customers may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our software. 
 
 These existing and proposed laws and regulations can be costly to comply with and can make our software and services less effective or valuable, delay or impede the development of new products, result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs, require us to modify our data handling practices, limit our operations, impose substantial fines and penalties, require significant management time and attention, or put our data or technology at risk. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our software to comply with the laws, regulations, directives, policies, industry standards, or legal obligations of the U.S., European Union, or other governmental or non-governmental bodies at the regional, national, or supra-national level relating to privacy, data protection, or information security, or any security incident that results in actual or suspected loss of or the unauthorized access to, or acquisition, use, release, or transfer of, personal information, personal data, or other customer or sensitive data or information may result in governmental investigations, inquiries, enforcement actions and prosecutions, private claims and litigation, indemnification or other contractual obligations, other remedies, including fines or demands that we modify or cease existing business practices, or adverse publicity, and related costs and liabilities, which could significantly and adversely affect our 
 34 

Table of Contents 

business and results of operations. 
 
 Failure to comply with governmental laws and regulations could harm our business, and we may be the subject of legal and regulatory inquiries, which may result in monetary payments or may otherwise negatively impact our reputation, business, and results of operations. 
 
 Our business is subject to regulation by various federal, state, local, and foreign governments in which we operate. In certain jurisdictions, the regulatory requirements imposed by foreign governments may be more stringent than those in the United States. Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to investigations, administrative proceedings, sanctions, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, litigation, civil and criminal penalties, termination of contracts, exclusion from sales channels or sales opportunities, injunctions, or other consequences. Such matters may include, but are not limited to, claims, disputes, allegations, or investigations related to alleged violations of laws or regulations relating to anti-corruption requirements, lobbying or conflict-of-interest requirements, export or other trade controls, data privacy or data protection requirements, or laws or regulations relating to employment, procurement, cybersecurity, securities, or antitrust/competition requirements. The effects of recently imposed and proposed actions are uncertain because of the dynamic nature of governmental action and responses. We may be subject to government inquiries that drain our time and resources, tarnish our brand among customers and potential customers, prevent us from doing business with certain customers or markets, including government customers, affect our ability to hire, attract and maintain qualified employees, or require us to take remedial action or pay penalties. From time to time, we receive formal and informal inquiries from governmental agencies and regulators regarding our compliance with laws and regulations or otherwise relating to our business or transactions. Any negative outcome from such inquiries or investigations or failure to prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 
 We may become involved in legal, regulatory, and administrative inquiries and proceedings, and unfavorable outcomes in litigation or other matters could negatively impact our business, financial conditions, and results of operations. 
 
 We may, from time to time, be involved in and subject to litigation or proceedings for a variety of claims or disputes, or regulatory inquiries. These claims, lawsuits, and proceedings could involve labor and employment, discrimination and harassment, commercial disputes, intellectual property rights (including patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and other proprietary rights), class actions, general contract, tort, defamation, data privacy rights, antitrust, common law fraud, government regulation, or compliance, alleged federal and state securities and blue sky law violations or other investor claims, and other matters. Derivative claims, lawsuits, and proceedings, which may, from time to time, be asserted against our directors by our stockholders, could involve breach of fiduciary duty, failure of oversight, corporate waste claims, and other matters. In addition, our business and results may be adversely affected by the outcome of currently pending and any future legal, regulatory, and/or administrative claims or proceedings, including through monetary damages or injunctive relief. 
 
 Additionally, if customers fail to pay us under the terms of our agreements, we may be adversely affected due to the cost of enforcing the terms of our contracts through litigation. Litigation or other proceedings can be expensive and time consuming and can divert our resources and leadership s attention from our primary business operations. The results of our litigation also cannot be predicted with certainty. If we are unable to prevail in litigation, we could incur payments of substantial monetary damages or fines, or undesirable changes to our software or business practices, and accordingly, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, if we accrue a loss contingency for pending litigation and determine that it is probable, any disclosures, estimates, and reserves we reflect in our financial statements with regard to these matters may not reflect the ultimate disposition or financial impact of litigation or other such matters. These proceedings could also result in negative publicity, which could harm customer and public perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. 
 
 Failure to comply with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 
 Since we may operate and sell our software and services around the world, we will be subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the United States Travel Act, and other anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we currently or may do business, both domestic and abroad, including potentially the U.K. Bribery Act. These laws and regulations generally prohibit improper payments or offers of improper payments to government officials, political parties, or commercial partners for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing an improper business advantage. 
 
 Corruption issues pose a risk in every country and jurisdiction, but in many countries, particularly in countries with developing economies, it may be more common for businesses to engage in practices that are prohibited by the FCPA or other applicable 
 35 

Table of Contents 

laws and regulations, and our activities in these countries pose a heightened risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees or third-party business partners, representatives, and agents that could be in violation of various laws including the FCPA. The FCPA and other applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws also may hold us liable for acts of corruption and bribery committed by our third-party business partners, representatives, and agents. We and our third-party business partners, representatives, and agents may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies, or state-owned or affiliated entities and we may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees or such third parties even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. The FCPA or other applicable laws and regulations also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent improper payments. While we have implemented policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that our employees or other third parties working on our behalf will not engage in conduct in violation of our policies or applicable law for which we might ultimately be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA and other applicable anti-corruption laws may result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, imposition of significant legal fees, loss of export privileges, as well as severe criminal or civil sanctions, including suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting, and we may be subject to other liabilities and adverse effects on our reputation, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects. In addition, responding to any enforcement action may result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant legal defense costs and other professional fees. Our exposure for violating these laws increases as our non-U.S. presence expands and as we increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 Governmental trade controls, including export and import controls, sanctions, customs requirements, and related regimes, could subject us to liability or loss of contracting privileges or limit our ability to compete in certain markets. 
 
 Our offerings are subject to U.S. export controls, including with respect to encryption technology incorporated into certain of our offerings. Certain of our controlled software offerings and the underlying technology may be exported outside of the United States or accessed by non-U.S. persons (wherever located) only with the required export authorizations, which may include license requirements in some circumstances. Additionally, our current or future products or services may be classified under the Export Administration Regulations EAR administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security or as defense articles subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ITAR administered by the U.S. Department of State, Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. If a product, or component of a product, is classified under the ITAR, or is ineligible for an encryption license exception under the EAR, then the product or component could be exported outside the United States (or accessed by non-U.S. persons) only if we obtain the applicable export license or qualify for a different license exception. In certain contexts, the services we provide might be classified as defense services subject to the ITAR separately from the products we provide. Compliance with the EAR, ITAR, and other applicable regulatory requirements regarding the export or deemed export of our products, including new releases of our products and/or the performance of services, may create delays in or increase the cost of the introduction of our products in non-U.S. markets, prevent our customers with non-U.S. operations from deploying our products throughout their global systems or, in some cases, prevent the export of our products to some countries altogether. 
 
 Furthermore, our activities are subject to the economic sanctions laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control and U.S. Department of State, and other jurisdictions. Such controls prohibit the shipment or transfer of certain products and services without the required export authorizations or export to countries, governments, and persons targeted by applicable sanctions. We take precautions to prevent our offerings from being exported in violation of these laws, including: (i) seeking to proactively classify our software and obtain authorizations for the export and/or import of our software where appropriate, (ii) implementing certain technical controls and screening practices to reduce the risk of violations, and (iii) requiring compliance with U.S. export control and sanctions obligations in customer and vendor contracts. However, we cannot guarantee the precautions we take will prevent violations of export control and sanctions laws. 
 
 As discussed above, if we misclassify a product or service, export or provide access to a product or service in violation of applicable export control or sanctions laws or regulations, or otherwise fail to comply with export or sanctions laws or regulations, we may be denied export privileges or subjected to significant per violation fines or other penalties, and our software may be denied entry into other countries. Any decreased use of our software or limitation on our ability to export or sell our software would likely adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Violations of U.S. sanctions or export control laws can result in fines or penalties, including civil penalties of up to 300,000 or twice the value of the transaction, whichever is greater, per EAR violation and a civil penalty that could exceed 1,000,000 for ITAR violations, depending on the circumstances of the violation or violations. In the event of criminal knowing and willful violations of these laws, fines of up to 1,000,000 per violation and possible incarceration for responsible employees and managers could be imposed. 
 
 We also note that if we or our business partners or counterparties, including licensors and licensees, prime contractors, 
 36 

Table of Contents 

subcontractors, sublicensors, vendors, customers, contractors, or agents fail to obtain appropriate import, export, or re-export licenses or permits, notwithstanding regulatory requirements or contractual commitments to do so, or if we fail to secure such contractual commitments where necessary, we may also be adversely affected, through reputational harm as well as other negative consequences, including government investigations and penalties. For instance, violations of U.S. sanctions or export control laws can result in fines or penalties, including significant civil and criminal penalties per violation, depending on the circumstances of the violation or violations. 
 
 Negative consequences for violations or apparent violations of trade control laws or regulations may include the absolute loss of the right to sell our software or services to the government of the United States, or to other public bodies, or a reduction in our ability to compete for such sales opportunities. Further, complying with export control and sanctions regulations for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. 
 
 Also, various countries, in addition to the United States, regulate the import and export of certain encryption and other dual-use or defense technology or services, including import and export permitting and licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our software or could limit our customers abilities to implement our software in those countries. Any new export restrictions, new legislation, changes in economic sanctions, or shifting approaches in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or in the countries, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our software by existing customers with non-U.S. operations, declining adoption of our software by new customers with non-U.S. operations, limitation of our expansion into new markets, and decreased revenue. 
 
 Changes in accounting principles or their application to us could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects, which could adversely affect our results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). In particular, we make certain estimates and assumptions related to the adoption and interpretation of these principles including the recognition of our revenue and the accounting of our stock-based compensation expense with respect to our financial statements. If these assumptions turn out to be incorrect, our financial results and position could materially differ from our expectations and could be materially adversely affected. A change in any of these principles or guidance, or in their interpretations or application to us, may have a significant effect on our reported results, as well as our processes and related controls, and may retroactively affect previously reported results or our forecasts, which may negatively impact our financial statements. 
 
 If our judgments or estimates relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could fall below expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price. 
 
 The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. Significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include, or may in the future include, those related to revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, intangible assets, including goodwill, and income taxes. 
 
 We could be subject to additional tax liabilities. 
 
 We are subject to federal, state, and local income taxes in the U.S. Determining our provision for income taxes requires significant management judgment, and the ultimate tax outcome may be uncertain. In addition, our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by many factors, including, among other things, changes to our operating or holding structure, changes in the amounts of earnings in jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in U.S. tax laws. Tax authorities may disagree with our calculation of research and development tax credits, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing, or other matters and assess additional taxes, interest, or penalties. While we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and we believe that our financial statements reflect adequate reserves to cover any such contingencies, there can be no assurance that the outcomes of such examinations will not have a material impact on our results of operations and cash flows. If tax 
 37 

Table of Contents 

authorities change applicable tax laws, our overall taxes could increase, and our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 83.2 million of U.S. federal and 86.6 million of U.S. state net operating loss NOLs carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income. While the federal NOL carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely, state NOLs begin to expire in the year ending December 31, 2031. It is possible that we will not generate taxable income in time to use these NOL carryforwards before their expiration or at all. Under legislative changes made in December 2017, U.S. federal NOLs incurred in 2018 and in future years may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such NOLs is limited. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the newly enacted federal tax law. In addition, the federal and state NOL carryforwards and certain tax credits may be subject to significant limitations under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Code, respectively, and similar provisions of state law. Under those sections of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-change income or tax may be limited. In general, an ownership change will occur if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by 5-percent stockholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. We have not yet undertaken an analysis of whether the Business Combination constitutes an ownership change for purposes of Section 382 and Section 383 of the Code. BigBear.ai or its subsidiaries may have previously undergone an ownership change. In addition, the Business Combination, or future issuances or sales of our common stock, including certain transactions involving our common stock that are outside of its control, could result in future ownership changes. Ownership changes that have occurred in the past or that may occur in the future, including in connection with the Business Combination, could result in the imposition of an annual limit on the amount of pre-ownership change NOLs and other tax attributes BigBear.ai and its subsidiaries can use to reduce their respective taxable incomes, potentially increasing and accelerating their liability for income taxes, and also potentially causing those tax attributes to expire unused. States may impose other limitations on the use of BigBear.ai s and its subsidiaries NOLs. Any limitation on using NOLs could, depending on the extent of such limitation and the NOLs previously used, result in BigBear.ai or its subsidiaries retaining less cash after payment of U.S. federal and state income taxes during any year in which BigBear.ai or its subsidiaries have taxable income, rather than losses, than BigBear.ai and its subsidiaries would be entitled to retain if such NOLs were available as an offset against such income for U.S. federal and state income tax reporting purposes, which could adversely impact our operating results. 
 
 Certain U.S. state tax authorities may assert that we have a state nexus and seek to impose state and local income taxes which could harm our results of operations. 
 
 There is a risk that certain U.S. state tax authorities where we do not currently file a state income tax return could assert that we are liable for state and local income taxes based upon income or gross receipts allocable to such states. States are becoming increasingly aggressive in asserting a nexus for state income tax purposes. If a state tax authority successfully asserts that our activities give rise to a nexus, we could be subject to state and local taxation, including penalties and interest attributable to prior periods. Such tax assessments, penalties and interest may adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 Our results of operations may be harmed if we are required to collect sales or other related taxes for our license arrangements in jurisdictions where we have not historically done so. 
 
 States and some local taxing jurisdictions have differing rules and regulations governing sales and use taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that may change over time. We collect and remit U.S. sales and use tax, value-added tax VAT ), and goods and services tax GST in several jurisdictions. It is possible, however, that we could face sales tax, VAT, or GST audits and that our liability for these taxes could exceed our estimates as state tax authorities could still assert that we are obligated to collect additional tax amounts from our customers and remit those taxes to those authorities. We could also be subject to audits for which we have not accrued tax liabilities. Jurisdictions may seek to impose incremental or new sales, use, or other tax collection obligations on us or may determine that such taxes should have, but have not been, paid by us. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Relationships and Business with the Public Sector 
 
 A significant portion of our business depends on sales to the public/government sector, and our failure to receive and maintain government contracts or changes in the contracting or fiscal policies of the public sector could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from contracts with the federal government and government agencies, and we believe that the success and growth of our business will continue to depend on our successful procurement of government contracts. For example, we have historically derived, and expect to continue to derive, a significant portion of our revenue from sales to agencies of the U.S. federal government, either directly by us or through other government contractors. Our perceived relationship with the U.S. government could adversely affect our business prospects in certain non-U.S. geographies or with certain non-U.S. governments. 
 
 Sales to government agencies are subject to a number of challenges and risks. Selling to government agencies can be highly competitive, expensive, and time-consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale. We also must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration, and performance of contracts, which provide public sector customers rights, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts. 
 
 Further, governmental and highly regulated entities may demand contract terms that differ from our standard arrangements and may be less favorable than terms agreed with private sector customers. In our experience, government entities often require shorter term subscriptions than our private sector customers due to budget cycles. Government entities and highly regulated organizations typically have longer implementation cycles, sometimes require acceptance provisions that can lead to a delay in revenue recognition, can have more complex IT and data environments, and may expect greater payment flexibility from vendors. 
 
 Contracts with governmental entities may also include preferential pricing terms, including, but not limited to, most favored customer pricing. In the event that we are successful in being awarded a government contract, such award may be subject to appeals, disputes, or litigation, including but not limited to bid protests by unsuccessful bidders. 
 
 Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects may be adversely affected by certain events or activities, including, but not limited to: 
 
 changes in fiscal or contracting policies or decreases in available government funding; 
 
 changes in government programs or applicable requirements; 
 
 restrictions in the grant of personnel security clearances to our employees; 
 
 ability to maintain facility clearances required to perform on classified contracts for U.S. federal government agencies; 
 
 changes in the political environment, including before or after a change to the leadership within the government administration, and any resulting uncertainty or changes in policy or priorities and resultant funding; 
 
 changes in the government s attitude towards the capabilities that we offer, especially in the areas of national defense, cybersecurity, and critical infrastructure, including the financial, energy, telecommunications, and healthcare sectors; 
 
 changes in the government s attitude towards us as a company or our software as a viable or acceptable software solution; 
 
 appeals, disputes, or litigation relating to government procurement, including but not limited to bid protests by unsuccessful bidders on potential or actual awards of contracts to us or our partners by the government; 
 
 the adoption of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations; 
 
 budgetary constraints, including automatic reductions as a result of sequestration or similar measures and constraints imposed by any lapses in appropriations for the federal government or certain of its departments and 
 39 

Table of Contents 

agencies; 
 
 influence by, or competition from, third parties with respect to pending, new, or existing contracts with government customers; 
 
 changes in political or social attitudes with respect to security or data privacy issues; 
 
 potential delays or changes in the government appropriations or procurement processes, including as a result of events such as war, incidents of terrorism, natural disasters, and public health concerns or epidemics, such as the COVID-19 outbreak; and 
 
 increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays caused by other factors outside of our control, such as performance failures of our subcontractors. 
 
 Any such event or activity, among others, could cause governments and governmental agencies to delay or refrain from purchasing our software and services in the future, reduce the size or payment amounts of purchases from existing or new government customers, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects. 
 
 We have government customers, which subjects us to risks including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties. 
 
 We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from contracts with U.S. defense and intelligence agencies and intend to enter into additional contracts with the U.S. government in the future. This subjects us to statutes and regulations applicable to companies doing business with the government, including the Federal Acquisition Regulation. These government contracts customarily contain provisions that give the government substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts, which in certain cases are unfavorable to contractors. For instance, most U.S. government agencies include provisions that allow the government to unilaterally terminate contracts, in whole or in part, for convenience, and in that event, the counterparty to the contract may generally recover only its incurred or committed costs and settlement expenses and profit on work completed prior to the termination. If the government terminates a contract for default, the defaulting party may be liable for any extra costs incurred by the government in procuring undelivered supplies or services from another source. 
 
 Some of our federal government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations being made by the U.S. Congress to fund the expenditures under these contracts. In addition, government contracts normally contain additional compliance requirements that may increase our costs of doing business, reduce our profits, and expose us to liability for failure to comply with these terms and conditions. These requirements include, for example: 
 
 specialized disclosure and accounting requirements unique to government contracts; 
 
 financial and compliance audits that may result in potential liability for price adjustments, recoupment of government funds after such funds have been spent, civil and criminal penalties, or administrative sanctions such as suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. government; 
 
 public disclosures of certain contract and company information; and 
 
 mandatory socioeconomic compliance requirements, including labor requirements, non-discrimination and affirmative action programs and environmental compliance requirements. 
 
 Government contracts are also generally subject to greater scrutiny by the government, which can initiate reviews, audits and investigations regarding our compliance with government contract requirements. In addition, if we fail to comply with government contracting laws, regulations and contract requirements, our contracts may be subject to termination, and we may be subject to financial and/or other liability under our contracts, the Federal Civil False Claims Act (including the possibility of treble damages and significant penalties), or criminal law. In particular, the False Claims Act s whistleblower provisions also allow private individuals, including present and former employees, to sue on behalf of the U.S. government. Any penalties, damages, fines, suspension, or damages could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

We have contracts with government agencies that involve classified programs, which may limit investor insight into portions of our business. 
 
 We derive a portion of our revenue from programs with government agencies that are subject to security restrictions (e.g., contracts involving classified information, classified contracts, and classified programs), which preclude the dissemination of information and technology that is classified for national security purposes under applicable law and regulation. In general, access to classified information, technology, facilities, or programs requires appropriate personnel security clearances, is subject to additional contract oversight and potential liability, and may also require appropriate facility clearances and other specialized infrastructure. In the event of a security incident involving classified information, technology, facilities, or programs or personnel holding clearances, we may be subject to legal, financial, operational, and reputational harm. We are limited in our ability to provide specific information about these classified programs, their risks, or any disputes or claims relating to such programs. As a result, investors have less insight into our classified programs than our other businesses and therefore less ability to fully evaluate the risks related to our classified business or our business overall. However, historically the business risks associated with our work on classified programs have not differed materially from those of our other government contracts. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected if our employees cannot obtain and maintain required personnel security clearances, or we cannot establish and maintain a required facility security clearance. 
 
 Certain government contracts may require our employees to maintain various levels of security clearances and may require us to maintain a facility security clearance to comply with U.S. and international government agency requirements. Many governments have strict security clearance requirements for personnel who perform work in support of classified programs. Obtaining and maintaining security clearances for employees typically involves a lengthy process, and it can be difficult to identify, recruit, and retain employees who already hold security clearances. If our employees are unable to obtain security clearances in a timely manner, or at all, or if our employees who hold security clearances are unable to maintain their clearances or terminate employment with us, then we may be unable to comply with relevant U.S. and international government agency requirements, or our customers requiring classified work could choose to terminate or decide not to renew one or more contracts requiring employees to obtain or maintain security clearances upon expiration. To the extent we are not able to obtain or maintain a facility security clearance, we may not be able to bid on or win new classified contracts, and existing contracts requiring a facility security clearance could be terminated, either of which would have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Most of our customer contracts may be terminated by the customer at any time for convenience and may contain other provisions permitting the customer to discontinue contract performance, and if terminated contracts are not replaced, our results of operations may differ materially and adversely from those anticipated. In addition, our contracts with government customers often contain provisions with additional rights and remedies favorable to such customers that are not typically found in commercial contracts. 
 
 Most of our contracts, including our government contracts, contain termination for convenience provisions. Customers that terminate such contracts may also be entitled to a pro rata refund of the amount of the customer deposit for the period of time remaining in the contract term after the applicable termination notice period expires. Government contracts often contain provisions and are subject to laws and regulations that provide government customers with additional rights and remedies not typically found in commercial contracts. These rights and remedies allow government customers, among other things, to: 
 
 terminate existing contracts for convenience with short notice; 
 
 reduce orders under or otherwise modify contracts; 
 
 for contracts subject to the Truth in Negotiations Act, reduce the contract price or cost where it was increased because a contractor or subcontractor furnished cost or pricing data during negotiations that was not complete, accurate, and current; 
 
 for some contracts, (i) demand a refund, make a forward price adjustment, or terminate a contract for default if a contractor provided inaccurate or incomplete data during the contract negotiation process and (ii) reduce the contract price under triggering circumstances, including the revision of price lists or other documents upon which the contract award was predicated; 
 
 cancel multi-year contracts and related orders if funds for contract performance for any subsequent year become unavailable; 
 41 

Table of Contents 

decline to exercise an option to renew a multi-year contract or issue task orders in connection with indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity IDIQ contracts; 
 
 claim rights in solutions, systems, or technology produced by us, appropriate such work-product for their continued use without continuing to contract for our services, and disclose such work-product to third parties, including other government agencies and our competitors, which could harm our competitive position; 
 
 prohibit future procurement awards with a particular agency due to a finding of organizational conflicts of interest based upon prior related work performed for the agency that would give a contractor an unfair advantage over competing contractors, or the existence of conflicting roles that might bias a contractor s judgment; 
 
 subject the award of contracts to protest by competitors, which may require the contracting federal agency or department to suspend our performance pending the outcome of the protest and may also result in a requirement to resubmit offers for the contract or in the termination, reduction, or modification of the awarded contract; 
 
 suspend or debar us from doing business with the applicable government agency; and 
 
 control or prohibit the export of our services. 
 
 If a customer were to unexpectedly terminate, cancel, or decline to exercise an option to renew with respect to one or more of our significant contracts, or if a government were to suspend or debar us from doing business with such government, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be materially harmed. 
 
 Failure to comply with laws, regulations, or contractual provisions applicable to our business could cause us to lose government customers or our ability to contract with the U.S. and other governments. 
 
 As a government contractor, we must comply with laws, regulations, and contractual provisions relating to the formation, administration, and performance of government contracts and inclusion on government contract vehicles, which affect how we and our partners do business with government agencies. As a result of actual or perceived noncompliance with government contracting laws, regulations, or contractual provisions, we may be subject to audits and internal investigations which may prove costly to our business financially, divert management time, or limit our ability to continue selling our software and services to our government customers. These laws and regulations may impose other added costs on our business, and failure to comply with these or other applicable regulations and requirements, including non-compliance in the past, could lead to claims for damages from our channel partners, penalties, and termination of contracts and suspension or debarment from government contracting for a period of time with government agencies. Any such damages, penalties, disruption, or limitation in our ability to do business with a government could adversely impact, and could have a material adverse effect on, our business, results of operations, financial condition, public perception, and growth prospects. 
 
 Evolving government procurement policies and increased emphasis on cost over performance could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Federal, state, local, and foreign governments and government agencies could implement procurement policies that negatively impact our profitability. Changes in procurement policy favoring more non-commercial purchases, different pricing, or evaluation criteria or government contract negotiation offers based upon the customer s view of what our pricing should be may affect the predictability of our margins on such contracts or make it more difficult to compete on certain types of programs. 
 
 Governments and government agencies are continually evaluating their contract pricing and financing practices, and we have no assurance regarding the full scope and recurrence of any study and what changes will be proposed, if any, and their impact on our financial position, cash flows, or results of operations. 
 
 Increased competition and bid protests in a budget-constrained environment may make it more difficult to maintain our financial performance and customer relationships. 
 
 A substantial portion of our business is awarded through competitive bidding. Even if we are successful in obtaining an award, we may encounter bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on any specific award. Bid protests could result, among other things, in significant expenses to us, contract modifications, or even loss of the contract award. Even where a bid protest does not result in the loss of a contract award, the resolution can extend the time until contract activity can begin and, as a result, delay the 
 42 

Table of Contents 

recognition of revenue. We also may not be successful in our efforts to protest or challenge any bids for contracts that were not awarded to us, and we would be required to incur significant time and expense in such efforts. 
 
 In addition, governments and agencies increasingly have relied on competitive contract award types, including IDIQ and other multi-award contracts, which have the potential to create pricing pressure and to increase our costs by requiring us to submit multiple bids and proposals. Multi-award contracts require us to make sustained efforts to obtain orders under the contract. The competitive bidding process entails substantial costs and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us or may be split among competitors. 
 
 We are experiencing increased competition while, at the same time, many of our customers are facing budget pressures, cutting costs, identifying more affordable solutions, performing certain work internally rather than hiring contractors, and reducing product development cycles. To remain competitive, we must maintain consistently strong customer relationships, seek to understand customer priorities, and provide superior performance, advanced technology solutions, and service at an affordable cost with the agility that our customers require to satisfy their objectives in an increasingly price competitive environment. Failure to do so could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The U.S. government may procure non-commercial developmental services rather than commercial products, which could materially impact our future U.S. government business and revenue. 
 
 U.S. government agencies, including our customers, often award large developmental item and service contracts to build custom software rather than firm fixed-price contracts for commercial products. The U.S. government is required to procure commercial items and services to the maximum extent practicable in accordance with FASA, 10 U.S.C. 2377; 41 U.S.C. 3307, and the U.S. government may instead decide to procure non-commercial developmental items and services if commercial items and services are not practicable. In order to challenge a government decision to procure developmental items and services instead of commercial items and services, we would be required to file a bid protest at the agency level and/or with the Government Accountability Office. This can result in contentious communications with government agency legal and contracting offices and may escalate to litigation in federal court. The results of any future challenges or potential litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, however, and any dispute or litigation with the U.S. government may not be resolved in our favor; moreover, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, such disputes or litigation could result in significant expense and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. These proceedings could adversely affect our reputation and relationship with government customers and could also result in negative publicity, which could harm customer and public perception of our business. Any change in or repeal of FASA, or a contrary interpretation of FASA by a court of competent jurisdiction, could adversely affect our competitive position for U.S. federal government contracts. 
 
 A decline in the U.S. and other government budgets, changes in spending or budgetary priorities, or delays in contract awards may significantly and adversely affect our future revenue and limit our growth prospects. 
 
 Because we generate a substantial portion of our revenue from contracts with U.S. government agencies, our results of operations could be adversely affected by government spending caps or changes in government budgetary priorities, as well as by delays in the government budget process, program starts, or the award of contracts or orders under existing contract vehicles, including as a result of a new U.S. administration or changing geopolitical conditions. Current U.S. government spending levels for defense-related and other programs may not be sustained beyond government fiscal year 2023. Future spending and program authorizations may not increase or may decrease or shift to programs in areas in which we do not provide services or are less likely to be awarded contracts. Such changes in spending authorizations and budgetary priorities may occur as a result of shifts in spending priorities from defense-related and other programs as a result of competing demands for federal funds and the number and intensity of military conflicts or other factors. 
 
 The U.S. government also conducts periodic reviews of U.S. defense strategies and priorities which may shift Department of Defense budgetary priorities, reduce overall spending, or delay contract or task order awards for defense-related programs from which we would otherwise expect to derive a significant portion of our future revenue. A significant decline in overall U.S. government spending, a significant shift in spending priorities, the substantial reduction or elimination of defense-related programs, or significant budget-related delays in contract or task order awards for large programs could adversely affect our future revenue and limit our growth prospects. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to the 2026 Convertible Notes 
 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under the 2026 
 Convertible Notes. 
 
 In the future, we may seek to raise or borrow additional funds to expand our product or business development efforts, make 
 acquisitions or otherwise fund or grow our business and operations. Our indebtedness could have important consequences to the 
 holders of the 2026 Convertible Notes, including: 
 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; 
 making it more difficult for us to optimally capitalize and manage the cash flow for our businesses; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate; 
 possibly placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; 
 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow funds at rates or on other terms that we find acceptable; and 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of our borrowings, including our Credit Agreement, are subject to variable rates of interest. 
 
 In addition, it is possible that we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 The terms of our Credit Agreement and our Indenture that governs the 2026 Convertible Notes allow us to incur additional debt subject to certain limitations; however, there is no assurance that additional financing will be available to us on terms favorable to us, if at all. In addition, if new debt is added to the then existing debt levels, the risks described above could intensify. 
 
 Our Credit Agreement and our Indenture contain restrictive covenants that will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of substantially all of our indebtedness. As a result of the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the Senior Revolver to become available, the Company must report Adjusted EBITDA of at least one dollar. Commencing on the first fiscal quarter after the Senior Revolver becomes available pursuant to the preceding sentence, the Company is required to have aggregated reported Adjusted EBITDA of at least 1 over the two preceding quarters to maintain its ability to borrow under the Senior Revolver (though the inability to satisfy such condition does not result in a default under the Senior Revolver). See Exhibit 4.5 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 We may be able to incur substantial indebtedness. This could exacerbate the risks to our financial condition described above and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under the 2026 Convertible Notes. 
 
 We may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future and this could result in additional risk. Although the Credit Agreement and our Indenture contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. In the future we may draw on the Credit Agreement to reinforce our liquidity position and preserve financial flexibility in light of current uncertainty in the global markets resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical uncertainty. We paid off our Antares Credit Agreement on December 7, 2021 and the Bank of America Senior Revolver we entered into on December 7, 2021 was undrawn as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 If we incur any additional indebtedness that ranks equally with the 2026 Convertible Notes, subject to any collateral arrangements, the holders of that debt will be entitled to share ratably in any proceeds distributed in connection with our insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding up as a company. This may have the effect of reducing the amount of proceeds paid to our creditors and shareholders. These restrictions also will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. If new indebtedness is added to our current indebtedness levels, the related risks that we now face could increase. Any of these risks could materially impact our ability to fund our operations or limit our ability to expand our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Our obligation to offer to redeem the 2026 Convertible Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change will be triggered only by certain specified transactions, and may discourage a transaction that could be beneficial to the holders of our Common Stock and the 2026 Convertible Notes. 
 
 The term fundamental change in the Indenture is limited to certain specified transactions and may not include other events that might adversely affect our financial condition or the market value of the new notes or our common stock. See Exhibit 4.5 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 The delisting of our shares from trading on the NYSE is a fundamental change. Our obligation to offer to redeem the new notes upon a fundamental change would not necessarily afford holders of such notes protection in the event of a highly leveraged transaction, reorganization, merger or similar transaction involving us. If a fundamental change occurs, there are no assurances that we will have sufficient funds to redeem the 2026 Convertible Notes. See Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations and our ability to satisfy our obligations under the 2026 Convertible Notes . 
 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, including the 2026 Convertible Notes, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations, including the 2026 Convertible Notes, depends on our financial condition and results of operations, which in turn are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, including the 2026 Convertible Notes. 
 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness, including the 2026 Convertible Notes. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on, among other things, the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments and the Indenture that governs the 2026 Convertible Notes may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. In the absence of such cash flows and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. 
 
 Further, our Credit Agreement and our Indenture contain provisions that will restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from any such disposition. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. 
 
 Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations and our ability to satisfy our obligations under the 2026 Convertible Notes. 
 
 If we cannot make scheduled payments on our indebtedness, to the extent applicable, we will be in default and holders of the 2026 Convertible Notes could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable and the lenders under the Credit Agreement could terminate their commitments to loan money, our secured lenders could foreclose against the assets securing their borrowings and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If we breach the covenants under our debt instruments, we would be in default under such instruments. The holders of such indebtedness could exercise their rights, as described above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. All of these events could result in your losing your entire investment in the 2026 Convertible Notes. 
 
 The Credit Agreement and the Indenture contain terms which restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 
 The Credit Agreement and the Indenture contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interest, including, among other things, restrictions on our ability to: 
 45 

Table of Contents 

incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; 
 
 pay dividends and make other distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, capital stock; 
 
 make certain investments; 
 
 incur certain liens; 
 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 
 merge or consolidate; 
 
 enter into agreements that restrict the ability of restricted subsidiaries to make dividends or other payments to us or the guarantors; 
 
 designate restricted subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; and 
 
 transfer or sell assets. 
 
 The covenants in the Indenture that governs the 2026 Convertible Notes are subject to important exceptions and qualifications, which are described under Exhibit 4.5 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . 
 
 These covenants may limit our ability to optimally operate our business. In addition, our Credit Agreement requires that we meet certain financial tests, including a leverage ratio test and a fixed charge coverage ratio test. 
 These restrictive covenants could adversely affect our ability to: 
 
 finance our operations; 
 
 make needed capital expenditures; 
 
 make strategic acquisitions or investments or enter into joint ventures; 
 
 withstand a future downturn in our business, the industry or the economy in general; 
 
 engage in business activities, including future opportunities, that may be in our best interest; and 
 
 plan for or react to market conditions or otherwise execute our business strategies. 
 
 These restrictions may affect our ability to expand our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As a result of these restrictions, we will be limited as to how we conduct our business and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. The terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants. 
 
 Our failure to comply with the restrictive covenants described above and/or the terms of any future indebtedness from time to time could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in our being required to repay these borrowings before their due date and the termination of future funding commitments by our lenders. If we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or cannot refinance these borrowings, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

The Credit Agreement and the Indenture contain cross-default provisions that could result in the acceleration of all of our indebtedness. 
 
 A breach of the covenants under our Credit Agreement or our Indenture could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness. Such a default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related indebtedness and may result in the acceleration of any other indebtedness to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In addition, an event of default under the Credit Agreement would permit the lenders under the Credit Agreement to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under that facility. Furthermore, if we were unable to repay amounts due and payable under the Credit Agreement, those lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. In the event our lenders or noteholders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our guarantors may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. Additionally, we may not be able to borrow money from other lenders to enable us to refinance our indebtedness. 
 
 The 2026 Convertible Notes are effectively subordinated to our indebtedness under the Credit Agreement and our other secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing that indebtedness. 
 
 The 2026 Convertible Notes are not secured by any of our assets. As a result, the 2026 Convertible Notes and the guarantees are 
 effectively subordinated to our existing and future secured indebtedness (including any indebtedness under the Credit Agreement) with respect to the assets that secure that indebtedness. The effect of this subordination is that upon a default in payment on, or the acceleration of, any of our secured indebtedness, or in the event of bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of our company, the proceeds from the sale of assets securing our secured indebtedness are available to pay obligations on the 2026 Convertible Notes only after all secured indebtedness has been paid in full. We paid off our Antares Credit Agreement on December 7, 2021 and the Bank of America Senior Revolver we entered into on December 7, 2021 was undrawn as of December 31, 2022. The holders of the 2026 Convertible Notes may receive less, ratably, than the holders of secured indebtedness in the event of our or any of the guarantors bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization. 
 
 The 2026 Convertible Notes are structurally subordinated to all obligations of our existing and future subsidiaries that are not and do not become guarantors of the 2026 Convertible Notes. 
 
 Each of our existing and future domestic restricted subsidiaries that is a borrower under or that guarantees obligations under the Credit Agreement or that guarantees certain of our other indebtedness is a guarantor of the 2026 Convertible Notes (subject to certain exceptions). Our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the 2026 Convertible Notes, including all of our non-domestic subsidiaries, will have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due under the 2026 Convertible Notes or to make any funds available to pay those amounts, whether by dividend, distribution, loan or other payment. The 2026 Convertible Notes are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other obligations of any non-guarantor subsidiary such that in the event of insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding up of any subsidiary that is not a guarantor, all of that subsidiary s creditors (including trade creditors and preferred stockholders, if any) would be entitled to payment in full out of that subsidiary s assets before the 2026 Convertible Note Holders would be entitled to any payment. 
 
 In addition, the Indenture, subject to some limitations, permits these subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness and will not contain any limitation on the amount of other liabilities, such as trade payables, that may be incurred by these subsidiaries. 
 In addition, our subsidiaries that provide, or will provide, guarantees of the 2026 Convertible Notes will be automatically released from those guarantees upon the occurrence of certain events, including the following: 
 
 upon a sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition (including by way of consolidation or merger) of Capital Stock of such Guarantor following which the applicable Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary or the sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all the properties and assets of the applicable Guarantor (other than to the other Guarantors) otherwise not prohibited by the Indenture; 
 
 upon the release or discharge of such Guarantor s obligations under the Credit Agreement or other Indebtedness that resulted in the creation of such Guarantee other than, in each case, a release or discharge through payment thereon; 
 
 upon the merger, amalgamation or consolidation of any Guarantor with and into the Company or another Guarantor or upon the liquidation of such Guarantor, in each case, in compliance with the Indenture; 
 
 upon the discharge of the 2026 Convertible Notes, as provided in Article 3 of the Indenture; or 
 
 as provided in Article 10 of the Indenture. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

If any guarantee is released, no holder of the 2026 Convertible Notes will have a claim as a creditor against that subsidiary, and the indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables and preferred stock, if any), whether secured or unsecured, of that subsidiary will be effectively senior to the claim of any holders of the 2026 Convertible Notes. See Exhibit 4.5 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . 
 
 Federal and state fraudulent transfer laws may permit a court to void the 2026 Convertible Notes or the guarantees and, if that occurs, the noteholders may not receive any payments on the 2026 Convertible Notes. 
 
 Federal and state fraudulent transfer and conveyance statutes may apply to the issuance of the 2026 Convertible Notes and the incurrence of the guarantees of the 2026 Convertible Notes. Under federal bankruptcy law and comparable provisions of state fraudulent transfer or conveyance laws, which may vary from state to state, the 2026 Convertible Notes or the guarantees thereof could be voided as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance if BigBear.ai or a guarantor, as applicable, 
 
 issued the 2026 Convertible Notes or incurred its guarantee with the intent of hindering, delaying or defrauding creditors or 
 
 received less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration in return for either issuing the 2026 Convertible Notes or incurring the guarantee and, in the case of (2) only, one of the following is also true at the time thereof: 
 
 the issuer or such guarantor, as applicable, was insolvent or rendered insolvent by reason of the issuance of the 2026 Convertible Notes or the incurrence of its guarantees; 
 
 the issuance of the 2026 Convertible Notes or the incurrence of its guarantees left the issuer or such guarantor, as applicable, with an unreasonably small amount of capital or assets to carry on the business; 
 
 the issuer or such guarantor intended to, or believed that it would, incur indebtedness beyond its ability to pay as they mature; or 
 
 the issuer or such guarantor was a defendant in an action for money damages, or had a judgment for money damages docketed against it if, in either case, the judgment is unsatisfied after final judgment. 
 
 As a general matter, value is given for a transfer or an obligation if, in exchange for the transfer or obligation, property is transferred or a valid antecedent debt is secured or satisfied. A court would likely find that a guarantor did not receive reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration for its guarantee to the extent the guarantor did not obtain a reasonably equivalent benefit directly or indirectly from the issuance of the 2026 Convertible Notes. 
 
 We cannot be certain as to the standards a court would use to determine whether or not we or a guarantor was insolvent at the relevant time or, regardless of the standard that a court uses, whether the 2026 Convertible Notes or the guarantees would be subordinated to other indebtedness. In general, however, a court would deem an entity insolvent if: 
 
 the sum of its indebtedness, including contingent and unliquidated liabilities, was greater than the fair saleable value of all of its assets; 
 
 the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its probable liability on its existing indebtedness, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or 
 
 it could not pay its indebtedness as it became due. 
 
 If a court were to find that the issuance of the 2026 Convertible Notes or the incurrence of a guarantee was a fraudulent transfer or conveyance, the court could void the payment obligations under the 2026 Convertible Notes or that guarantee, could subordinate the 2026 Convertible Notes or that guarantee to our presently existing and future indebtedness or of the relevant guarantor or could require the holders of the 2026 Convertible Notes to repay any amounts received with respect to the 2026 Convertible Notes or that guarantee. In the event of a finding that a fraudulent transfer or conveyance occurred, the noteholders may not receive any repayment on the 2026 Convertible Notes. Further, the voiding of the 2026 Convertible Notes could result in an event of default with respect to our and our subsidiaries other indebtedness that could result in acceleration of that indebtedness. 
 
 Although each guarantee entered into in connection with the 2026 Convertible Notes will contain a provision intended to limit 
 48 

Table of Contents 

that guarantor s liability to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under its guarantee to be a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, this provision may not be effective as a legal matter to protect those guarantees from being voided under fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer law or otherwise, or may reduce that guarantor s obligation to an amount that effectively makes its guarantee worthless. 
 
 In addition, as noted above, any payment by us pursuant to the 2026 Convertible Notes or by a guarantor under a guarantee made at a time we or such guarantor was found to be insolvent could be voided and required to be returned to the issuer or such guarantor if such payment is made to an insider within a one-year period prior to a bankruptcy filing or within 90 days for any non-insider party and such payment would give such insider or non-insider party (as the case may be) more than such creditors would have received in a distribution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in a hypothetical Chapter 7 case. 
 
 Finally, as a court of equity, the bankruptcy court may subordinate the claims in respect of the 2026 Convertible Notes to other claims against us under the principle of equitable subordination if the court determines that (1) the holder of 2026 Convertible Notes engaged in some type of inequitable conduct, (2) the inequitable conduct resulted in injury to our other creditors or conferred an unfair advantage upon the holders of 2026 Convertible Notes and (3) equitable subordination is not inconsistent with the provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code. 
 
 There is no existing public trading market for the 2026 Convertible Notes, and holders ability to sell the 2026 Convertible Notes will be limited. 
 
 There is no existing public market for the 2026 Convertible Notes. No market for the 2026 Convertible Notes may develop, and any market that develops may not persist. We cannot assure the noteholders as to the liquidity of any market that may develop for the 2026 Convertible Notes, their ability to sell their 2026 Convertible Notes or the price at which they would be able to sell their 2026 Convertible Notes. Future trading prices of the 2026 Convertible Notes will depend on many factors, including, among other things, prevailing interest rates, our operating results and the market for similar securities. The liquidity of any trading market and the trading price of such notes may be adversely affected by changes in our financial performance or prospects and by changes in the financial performance of or prospects for companies in our industry generally. 
 
 Even though the 2026 Convertible Notes are convertible into shares of our Common Stock, the terms of the 2026 Convertible Notes will not provide protection against some types of important corporate events. 
 
 The 2026 Convertible Notes are convertible into shares of our Common Stock. Certain important corporate events, such as leveraged recapitalizations, that would increase the level of our indebtedness, would not constitute a fundamental change under the 2026 Convertible Notes. See Exhibit 4.5 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . 
 
 A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating agencies may increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital. 
 
 There can be no assurances that any rating assigned to our debt securities will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in that rating agency s judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating, such as adverse changes, so warrant. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the 2026 Convertible Notes. Credit ratings are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell the 2026 Convertible Notes, and may be revised or withdrawn at any time. Additionally, credit ratings may not reflect the potential effect of risks relating to the structure or marketing of the 2026 Convertible Notes. 
 
 Any future lowering of our ratings likely would make it more difficult or more expensive for us to obtain additional debt financing. If any credit rating initially assigned to the 2026 Convertible Notes is subsequently lowered or withdrawn for any reason, our noteholders may not be able to resell their 2026 Convertible Notes at a favorable price or at all. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 We have convertible debt that may be converted into Common Stock in the future, which would cause immediate and substantial dilution to our stockholders. 
 
 On December 7, 2021, we issued the 2026 Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 200.0 million. On May 29, 2022, pursuant to Section 14.04(f) of the Indenture, the Conversion Rate applicable to the Notes was adjusted to 94.2230 (previously 86.9565) shares of Common Stock per 1,000 principal amount of Notes, as a result of the Reset Date described 
 49 

Table of Contents 

therein (the Conversion Rate Adjustment ). The 2026 Convertible Notes are currently convertible into 18,844,600 shares of Common Stock, with an adjusted conversion rate of 94.223 shares of Common Stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2026 Convertible Notes (subject to adjustment up to 23,709,503 shares in the event of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change). The issuance of shares of Common Stock upon any conversion of the 2026 Convertible Notes will result in dilution to the interests of other stockholders. 
 
 Our only significant asset is our ownership interest in our subsidiaries and such ownership may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our Common Stock or satisfy our other financial obligations. 
 
 We have no direct operations and no significant assets other than our ownership of our subsidiaries. We will depend on our subsidiaries for distributions, loans and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations, including our expenses as a publicly traded company and to pay any dividends with respect to our Common Stock. The financial condition and operating requirements of our subsidiaries may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. The earnings from, or other available assets of, our subsidiaries may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our Common Stock or satisfy our other financial obligations. 
 
 The ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions, loans and other payments to us for the purposes described above and for any other purpose may be limited by our Credit Agreement which our subsidiaries are party from time to time, including the existing loan and security agreement described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and the terms of the 2026 Convertible Notes, and will be subject to the negative covenants set forth therein. Any loans or other extensions of credit to us from our subsidiaries will be permitted only to the extent there is an applicable exception to the investment covenants under our Credit Agreement. Similarly, any dividends, distributions or similar payments to us from our subsidiaries will be permitted only to the extent there is an applicable exception to the dividends and distributions covenants under our Credit Agreement. 
 
 Because we have no current plans to pay cash dividends on shares of common stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell shares of Common Stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 
 We may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends as a public company in the future will be made at the discretion of the Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our Common Stock unless you sell your Common Stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 
 Certain of our warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 210,642 of the 366,533 Private Placement Warrants that were issued concurrently with the IPO were outstanding. The Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants are exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in the IPO, in which case the outstanding 210,642 Private Placement Warrants could be redeemed by the Compan y for 2,106 or 0.01 per Warrant). Under GAAP, we are required to evaluate contingent exercise provisions of these warrants and then their settlement provisions to determine whether they should be accounted for as a warrant liability or as equity. Any settlement amount not equal to the difference between the fair value of a fixed number of our equity shares and a fixed monetary amount precludes these warrants from being considered indexed to its own stock, and therefore, from being accounted for as equity. As a result of the provision that the Private Placement Warrants, when held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, will be redeemable by us, the requirements for accounting for these warrants as equity are not satisfied. Therefore, we are required to account for these Private Placement Warrants as a warrant liability and record (a) that liability at fair value, which was determined as the same as the fair value of the warrants included in the units sold in the IPO, and (b) any subsequent changes in fair value as of the end of each period for which earnings are reported. Additionally, we expect that in future periods the common stock purchase warrant issued in connection with the Private Placement (as defined herein) will require similar treatment. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

The price of our Common Stock has been and could remain volatile and a market for our securities may not continue, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 
 
 The market price of our Common Stock has historically experienced and may continue to experience significant volatility. From January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the market price of our Common Stock, which is listed on the NYSE, fluctuated from a high of 16.12 per share in the second quarter of 2022 to a low of 0.58 in the fourth quarter of 2022. Additionally, the price of our securities has fluctuated significantly due to general economic conditions and forecasts, our general business condition and the release of our financial reports and other announcements. If our securities become delisted from the NYSE for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board (an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities that is not a national securities exchange) or if an active trading market for our securities is not otherwise sustained, their liquidity and price may be more limited and you may be unable to sell your securities. 
 
 In the past, we have not satisfied certain continued listing requirements of the NYSE and could fail to satisfy those requirements again in the future, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our Common Stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol BBAI. As previously disclosed, on December 20, 2022, we received written notice from the NYSE that the average closing price of the Company s Common Stock over a prior 30 consecutive trading day period was below 1.00 per share, which is the minimum average closing price per share required to maintain listing on the NYSE under Section 802.01C of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. Although we have since cured this deficiency and our Common Stock continues to trade on the NYSE, it is possible that we could fall out of compliance again in the future. 
 
 If the NYSE delists our shares from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the listing standards, we and our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences including: 
 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 
 a determination that our Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Common Stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for shares of our Common Stock; 
 
 being required to repurchase the 2026 Convertible Notes at a price equal to the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest; 
 
 a limited amount of analyst coverage; and 
 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Adverse economic conditions or reduced technology spending may adversely impact our business. 
 
 Our business depends on the economic health of our current and prospective customers and overall demand for technology. In addition, the purchase of our software and services is often discretionary and typically involves a significant commitment of capital and other resources. A further downturn in economic conditions, global political and economic uncertainty, a lack of availability of credit, a reduction in business confidence and activity, the curtailment of government or corporate spending, public health concerns or emergencies, financial market volatility, and other factors have in the past and may in the future affect the industries to which we sell our software and services. Our customers may suffer from reduced operating budgets, which could cause them to defer or forego purchases of our software or services. Moreover, competitors may respond to market conditions by lowering prices and attempting to lure away our customers, and the increased pace of consolidation in certain industries may result in reduced overall spending on our offerings. Uncertainty about global and regional economic conditions, a downturn in the technology sector or any sectors in which our customers operate, or a reduction in information technology spending even if economic conditions are stable, could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations in a number of ways, including longer sales cycles, lower prices for our software and services, material default rates among our customers, reduced sales of our software or services, and lower or no growth. 
 
 We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any crises, economic slowdown, or any subsequent recovery generally, or 
 51 

Table of Contents 

for any industry in particular. Although certain aspects of the effects of a crisis or an economic slowdown may provide potential new opportunities for our business, we cannot guarantee that the net impact of any such events will not be materially negative. Accordingly, if the conditions in the general economy and the markets in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We have and will incur increased costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the listing standards of the NYSE, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources. For example, the Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and results of operations. As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable to public companies, our management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Although we have already hired additional employees to assist us in complying with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants, which will increase our operating expenses. Additionally, as a public company subject to additional rules and regulations and oversight, we may not have the same flexibility we had as a private company. 
 
 In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest substantial resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from business operations to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed. 
 
 We also expect that being a public company and these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. 
 
 As a result of disclosure of information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which may result in an increased risk of threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and results of operations could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 We may not be able to timely and effectively implement controls and procedures required by Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act applicable to us. 
 
 We are required to provide management s attestation on internal controls. The standards required for a public company under Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are significantly more stringent than those required of us as a privately-held company. Management may not be able to effectively and timely implement controls and procedures that adequately respond to the increased regulatory compliance and reporting requirements that are applicable after the Business Combination. As disclosed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we identified and are in the process of remediating material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. However, if, in the future, the Company is unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or timely or effectively implement the additional requirements of Section 404(a), it may not be able to assess whether its internal controls over financial reporting are effective, which may subject it to financial reporting misstatements and adverse regulatory consequences and could harm investor confidence and the market price of the Company s shares of common stock. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Natural disasters and other events beyond our control could harm our business. 
 
 Natural disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, non-U.S. commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, earthquakes, flooding, fire, power shortages, pandemics such as the recent spread of COVID-19, terrorism, political unrest, telecommunications failure, vandalism, cyberattacks, geopolitical instability, war, the effects of climate change (such as drought, wildfires, increased storm severity, and sea level rise), and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers, could decrease demand for our services, could make existing customers unable or unwilling to fulfill their contractual requirements to us, including their payment obligations, and could cause us to incur substantial expense, including expenses or liabilities arising from potential litigation. Our insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses or additional expense that we may sustain. Customer data could be lost, significant recovery time could be required to resume operations and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected in the event of a major natural disaster or catastrophic event. 
 
 Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and other jurisdictions, and our tax liabilities will be subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 
 
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 
 
 expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 
 
 tax effects of stock-based compensation; 
 
 costs related to intercompany restructurings; 
 
 changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; or 
 
 lower than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory tax rates. 
 
 In addition, we may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by taxing authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 We may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in losses. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and may not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to be unable to obtain future financing on favorable terms or at all. For example, during the second and fourth quarters of 2022, we recognized a non-cash goodwill impairment charge related to our Cyber Engineering and Analytics business segments, respectively. 
 
 We will incur significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We will face increased legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses as a public company that we and our subsidiaries did not incur as private companies. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including the requirements of Section 404, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB and the securities exchanges impose additional reporting and other obligations on public companies. Compliance with public company requirements will increase costs and make certain activities more time-consuming. A number of those requirements will require us to carry out activities we and our subsidiaries have not done previously. For example, we have 
 53 

Table of Contents 

created new board committees and adopted new internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, expenses associated with SEC reporting requirements have been and will be incurred. Furthermore, if any issues in complying with those requirements are identified (for example, if the auditors identify a material weakness or significant deficiency in the internal control over financial reporting), we could incur additional costs rectifying those issues, and the existence of those issues could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of it. It may also be more expensive to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Risks associated with our status as a public company may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. The additional reporting and other obligations imposed by these rules and regulations will increase legal and financial compliance costs and the costs of related legal, accounting and administrative activities. These increased costs will require us to divert a significant amount of money that could otherwise be used to expand the business and achieve strategic objectives. Advocacy efforts by stockholders and third parties may also prompt additional changes in governance and reporting requirements, which could further increase costs. 
 
 If we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will only be able to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis. 
 
 If we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a cashless basis provided that an exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of shares of Common Stock that holders will receive upon exercise of the warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised its warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available, holders would not be able to exercise on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and effective prospectus relating to the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2021, between GigCapital4 and the Transfer Agent (the Warrant Agreement ), we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential upside of the holder s investment in us may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. 
 
 There is no guarantee that the warrants will ever be in the money, and they may expire worthless and the terms of warrants may be amended. 
 
 The exercise price for the warrants is 11.50 per share of Common Stock. There is no guarantee that the warrants will ever be in the money prior to their expiration, and as such, the warrants may expire worthless. 
 
 In addition, the Company s warrants were issued in registered form under the Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and the Company. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any other change. Accordingly, the Company may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although the Company s ability to amend the terms of the warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares and their respective affiliates and associates have of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 
 
 The exercise price for our public warrants is higher than in many similar blank check company offerings in the past, and, accordingly, the public warrants are more likely to expire worthless. 
 
 The exercise price of our public warrants is higher than is typical with many similar blank check companies in the past. Historically, with regard to units offered by blank check companies, the exercise price of a public warrant was generally a fraction of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The exercise price for our public warrants is 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. As a result, the public warrants are less likely to ever be in the money and more likely to expire worthless. 
 
 Our warrants will become exercisable for our Common Stock, which would increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public market and result in dilution to our stockholders. 
 
 Our public warrants issued as part of GigCapital4 s IPO are exercisable for up to one share of Common Stock at 11.50 per share. The additional shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of our warrants will result in dilution to the then existing holders of our Common Stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of 
 54 

Table of Contents 

such shares in the public market could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 We have no obligation to net cash settle the warrants. 
 
 In no event will we have any obligation to net cash settle the warrants. Furthermore, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the warrants upon consummation of an initial business combination, including the Business Combination, or exercise of the warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 
 
 If we fail to introduce or acquire new products or services that achieve broad market acceptance on a timely basis, or if our products or services are not adopted as expected, we will not be able to compete effectively. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive, quickly changing environment, and the combined company s future success depends on its ability to develop or acquire, and introduce new products and services that achieve broad market acceptance. Our ability to successfully introduce and market new products is unproven. Because we have a limited operating history and the market for our products, including newly acquired or developed products, is rapidly evolving, it is difficult to predict the company s operating results, particularly with respect to any new products that it may introduce. Our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to identify demand trends in the market in which we operate and quickly develop or acquire, and design, manufacture and sell, products and services that satisfy these demands in a cost-effective manner. 
 
 In order to differentiate our products and services from competitors products, we will need to increase focus and capital investment in research and development, including software development. If any products currently sold by, and services offered by, us do not continue, or if our new products or services fail to achieve widespread market acceptance, or if we are unsuccessful in capitalizing on opportunities in the market in which we will operate, our future growth may be slowed and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Successfully predicting demand trends is difficult, and it is very difficult to predict the effect that introducing a new product or service will have on existing product or service sales. It is possible that we may not be successful with our new products and services, and as a result our future growth may be slowed and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Also, we may not be able to respond effectively to new product or service announcements by competitors by quickly introducing competitive products and services. 
 
 In addition, we may acquire companies and technologies in the future. In these circumstances, the combined company may not be able to successfully manage integration of the new product and service lines with the combined company s existing suite of products and services. If we are unable to effectively and successfully further develop these new product and service lines, we may not be able to increase or maintain sales (as compared to sales of BigBear.ai on a standalone basis), and our gross margin (as compared to sales of BigBear.ai on a standalone basis) may be adversely affected. 
 
 Furthermore, the success of our new products will depend on several factors, including, but not limited to, market demand costs, timely completion and introduction of these products, prompt resolution of any defects or bugs in these products, our ability to support these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors, market acceptance of these products, delays and quality issues in releasing new products and services. The occurrence of one or more of the foregoing factors may result in lower quarterly revenue than expected, and we may in the future experience product or service introductions that fall short of our projected rates of market adoption. 
 
 If our products fail to achieve and sustain sufficient market acceptance, our revenue will be adversely affected. 
 
 Our success will depend on our ability to develop and market products that are recognized and accepted as reliable, enabling and cost-effective. Some of our potential customers may already use products similar to what we currently offer and similar to what we may offer in the future and may be reluctant to replace those products with what we currently offer or which we may offer in the future. Market acceptance of our products and technology will depend on many factors, including our ability to convince potential customers that our products and technology are an attractive alternative to existing products and technology. Prior to adopting our products and technology, some potential customers may need to devote time and effort to testing and validating our systems. Any failure of our systems to meet these customer benchmarks could result in potential customers choosing to retain their existing systems or to purchase systems other than ours. 
 
 If the Business Combination s benefits do not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or financial analysts, the market price of our securities may decline. 
 
 If the benefits of the Business Combination do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of 
 55 

Table of Contents 

our securities may decline. The market values of our securities may vary significantly from their prices on the date the Business Combination was executed. 
 
 In addition, fluctuations in the price of our securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Prior to the Business Combination, there was not a public market for BigBear.ai s stock and trading in the shares of our Common Stock has not been active. Accordingly, the valuation ascribed to BigBear.ai and our Common Stock in the Business Combination may not be indicative of the price that prevailed in the trading market following the Business Combination. If an active market for our securities develops and continues, the trading price of our securities following the Business Combination could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our securities and our securities may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of our securities may not recover and may experience a further decline. 
 
 Factors affecting the trading price of our securities may include: 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us; 
 
 changes in the market s expectations about our operating results; 
 
 success of competitors; 
 
 our operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 
 
 changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us or the market in general; 
 
 operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors; deem comparable to us; 
 
 our ability to market new and enhanced services and products on a timely basis; 
 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 
 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 
 
 the volume of shares of our securities available for public sale; 
 
 any major change in the board or management; 
 
 sales of substantial amounts of Common Stock by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and 
 
 general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. 
 
 Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of its operating performance. The stock market in general and the NYSE have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 The future sales of shares of Common Stock by existing stockholders may adversely affect the market price of the Company s Common Stock. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of the Company s Common Stock in the public market could occur at any time. If the 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Company s stockholders sell, or the market perceives that the Company s stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of the Company s Common Stock in the public market, the market price of the Company s Common Stock could decline. 
 
 Further, the market price of our Common Stock could decline as a result of the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate. Our Common Stock has a relatively small public float. As a result, sales of substantial amounts of shares of our Common Stock, or even the potential for such sales, may materially and adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. In the future, we may also issue securities in connection with investments or acquisitions. The amount of Common Stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding Common Stock. Any issuance of additional securities in connection with investments or acquisitions may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about the Company, its business, or its market, or if they change their recommendations regarding the Company s securities adversely, the price and trading volume of the Company s securities could decline. 
 
 The trading markets for our securities are influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, its market, or its competitors. If any of the analysts who cover BigBear.ai, change their recommendation regarding our Common Stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our securities would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 The future sales of shares by existing stockholders may adversely affect the market price of the Company s Common Stock. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of the Company s Common Stock in the public market could occur at any time. If the Company s stockholders sell, or the market perceives that the Company s stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of the Company s Common Stock in the public market, the market price of the Company s Common Stock could decline. 
 
 Resales of the shares of Common Stock included in the Merger Consideration could depress the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 We have 127,022,363 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The shares held by the Company s public stockholders are freely tradable and a large number of shares of Common Stock may be sold in the market. So long as the current public information requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied, Rule 144 is now available for the resale of shares of our Common Stock that are not registered for resale because one year has elapsed from December 13, 2021, the date that we filed the Current Report on Form 8-K following the Closing that included the required Form 10 information that reflects we are no longer a shell company. Such sales of shares of Common Stock or the perception of such sales may depress the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 We may redeem the unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to warrant holders, thereby making their warrants worthless. 
 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date BigBear.ai sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by BigBear.ai, BigBear.ai may exercise its redemption right even if BigBear.ai is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force the holder (i) to exercise the warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for the holder to do so, (ii) to sell the warrants at the then-current market price when the holder might otherwise wish to hold the warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of the warrants. Historical trading prices for our Common Stock have not exceeded the 18.00 per share threshold at which the public warrants become redeemable. In the event BigBear.ai exercises its redemption right, holders of the warrants would be notified of such redemption as described in our warrant agreement. Specifically, in the event that BigBear.ai elects to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, BigBear.ai shall fix a date for the redemption (the Redemption Date ). Notice of redemption shall be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, by BigBear.ai not less than 30 days prior to the Redemption Date to the registered holders of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed at their last addresses as they appear on the registration books. Any notice mailed in the manner provided in the Warrant Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not 
 57 

Table of Contents 

the registered holder received such notice. In addition, beneficial owners of the warrants will be notified of such redemption via the Company s posting of the redemption notice to DTC. None of the private placement warrants and warrants underlying the units issuable upon conversion of working capital loan will be redeemable by BigBear.ai so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 
 
 Our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. These provisions will include: 
 
 no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 
 a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of the Board; 
 
 the right of our Board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director in certain circumstances, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board; 
 
 a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; and 
 
 the requirement that a meeting of stockholders may only be called by members of our Board or the stockholders holding a majority of our shares, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors. 
 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and changes in control of BigBear.ai or changes in our Board and our management. 
 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the DGCL, which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding Common Stock from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of BigBear.ai Common Stock. Any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Common Stock. 
 
 The JOBS Act permits emerging growth companies like us to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
 
 We currently qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, including: (i) the exemption from the auditor attestation requirements with respect to internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; (ii) the exemptions from say-on-pay, say-on-frequency and say-on-golden parachute voting requirements; and (iii) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year: (a) following February 11, 2026, the fifth anniversary of the IPO; (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion; or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption 
 58 

Table of Contents 

from complying with new or revised accounting standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an emerging growth company. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected to avail ourselves of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 
 We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 
 Our internal controls over financial reporting may not be effective and our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to certify as to their effectiveness, which could have a significant and adverse effect on our business and reputation. 
 
 As a public company, we are required to comply with the SEC s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. To comply with the requirements of being a public company, we will be required to provide management s assessment on internal controls commencing with the annual report for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and we may need to undertake various actions, such as implementing additional internal controls and procedures and hiring additional accounting or internal audit staff. The standards required for a public company under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are significantly more stringent than those required of BigBear.ai as a privately held company. Further, as an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the date we are no longer an emerging growth company. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event that it is not satisfied with the level at which the controls of BigBear.ai are documented, designed or operating. 
 
 Testing and maintaining these controls can divert our management s attention from other matters that are important to the operation of our business. If we identify material weaknesses in the internal control over financial reporting of BigBear.ai or are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting when we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our Common Stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 
 We did not design and maintain effective information technology IT general controls for information systems that are relevant to the preparation of the financial statements, including user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties. Additionally, we did not adequately maintain documentation of the Company s analysis and conclusions on revenue recognition from contracts with customers. The IT deficiencies noted above did not result in a misstatement to the financial statements for the Company; however, the deficiencies, when aggregated, could impact maintaining effective segregation of duties, as well as the effectiveness of IT-dependent controls that could result in misstatements potentially impacting all financial statement accounts and disclosures that would not be prevented or detected. Similarly, the revenue recognition documentation deficiencies noted above did not result in a misstatement to the financial statements for the Company; however, the deficiencies, when aggregated, could result in misstatements to the amount or timing of revenue recognition, or related revenue disclosures. We are in the process of implementing measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect the Company s business, investments and results of operations. 
 
 The Company is subject to laws, regulations and rules enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, the Company is required to comply with certain SEC, NYSE and other legal or regulatory requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws, regulations and 
 59 

Table of Contents 

rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. 
 
 The Company is a controlled company within the meaning of the applicable rules of the NYSE and, as a result, may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. If the Company relies on these exemptions, its stockholders will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 
 BBAI Ultimate Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Ultimate controls a majority of the voting power of BigBear.ai Common Stock outstanding, and the Company is a controlled company within the meaning of applicable rules of the NYSE. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements: 
 
 that a majority of the board consists of independent directors; 
 
 for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees; 
 
 that the controlled company has a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 
 
 that the controlled company has a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibility. 
 
 We are relying on these exemptions now or in the future. As a result, our stockholders do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the sole and exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between the Company and its stockholders, which could limit the Company s stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers, or employees. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel except any action arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or employees which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. However, there is no assurance that a court would enforce the choice of forum provision contained in our Certificate of Incorporation. If a court were to find such provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 
 In addition, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Our certificate of incorporation will provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternate forum, the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. We note that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce the choice of forum provision with respect to claims under the Securities Act, and that investors cannot waive compliance with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

The future exercise of registration rights may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 Certain of our stockholders have registration rights for restricted securities. We are obligated to register certain securities, including all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Initial Stockholders, shares of Common Stock received by Ultimate as part of the Business Combination, and the 2026 Convertible Notes Shares, if applicable. Sales of a substantial number of shares of Common Stock pursuant to a prospectus in the public market could occur at any time our prospectus remains effective. In addition, certain registration rights holders can request underwritten offerings to sell their securities. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting, there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and accurate financial statements and to effectively prevent fraud. As further described, in Part II Item 9A Controls and Procedures management has concluded that, because of material weaknesses in internal controls as a result of inadequate segregation of duties, revenue recognition, and ineffective IT General Controls, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. We have already taken steps to address these material weaknesses, which, among other procedures, includes implementing a remediation plan, enhancing segregation of duties, enhancing the documentation of the Company s analysis and conclusions on revenue recognition from contracts with customers, implementing additional IT General Controls, and increasing monitoring and oversight activities and we expect that the remediation of these material weaknesses will be completed prior to the end of fiscal year 2023. However, we cannot be certain that these measures will be successful or that we will be able to prevent future significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. Material inaccuracies in our financial statements would impair their value to management and our Board of Directors in making decisions as to the operation of our business, could impair our reputation and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on investor confidence in our financial statements, the trading price of our stock and our access to capital. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we leased building space at four locations, all within the United States. We have significant operations in the following locations: 
 
 Cyber and Engineering - Columbia, Maryland 
 Analytics - Ann Arbor, Michigan; Chantilly, Virginia; Charlottesville, Virginia 
 Corporate activities - Columbia, Maryland 
 
 The following is a summary of our leased square footage by reportable segment (in thousands): 
 Segment Square Footage Cyber and Engineering 8.4 Analytics 17.8 Corporate 8.4 Total 34.6 
 
 Each of these facilities is strategically located near major national security or civil space community facilities, key customer facilities, commercial space centers and/or prestigious engineering talent pools. Our current footprint is sufficient to support near-term growth. However, as we continue to grow, we plan to continue and even accelerate the pace of leasehold improvements so that our facility capacity is not a limiting factor on our growth. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are subject to litigation, claims, investigations and audits arising from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Although legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable, we believe that we have valid defenses with respect to any matters currently pending against us and we intend to vigorously defend against such matters. The outcome of these matters, individually and in the aggregate, is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations or 
 61 

Table of Contents 

cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BBAI and began trading on December 8, 2021. 
 
 Holders 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 84 common stockholders of record. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. We expect to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be made at the discretion of the Board and will depend upon, among other factors, our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. In addition, the terms of our secured credit facility contains restrictions on our ability to declare and pay cash dividends on our capital stock. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the total return on a cumulative basis through December 31, 2022 of 100 invested in BigBear.ai Holdings common stock on December 8, 2021 to the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) Index and the S P 500 Information Technology Index. 
 
 This graph is not deemed to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and should not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our prior or subsequent filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 
 There were no sales of unregistered equity securities during the fiscal year covered by this report that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K that was filed during the period. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 There were no repurchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information that BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. BigBear.ai , BigBear.ai Holdings , or the Company management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of BigBear.ai s audited consolidated results of operations and financial condition. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction wit h BigBear.ai s consolidated financial statements and notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . Certain information contained in this management discussion and analysis includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Please see Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, and Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to the Company, BigBear.ai we, us or our refer to BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of BigBear.ai is provided to supplement the audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes of BigBear.ai included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . We intend for this discussion to provide the reader with information to assist in understanding BigBear.ai s audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes, the changes in those financial statements and the accompanying notes from period to period, along with the primary factors that accounted for those changes. 
 
 The discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of BigBear.ai is organized as follows: 
 
 Business Overview : This section provides a general description of BigBear.ai s business, our priorities and the trends affecting our industry in order to provide context for management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Recent Developments : This section provides recent developments that we believe are necessary to understand our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Results of Operation s : This section provides a discussion of our current period, pro forma information and historical results of operations. 
 the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Successor 2022 Period 
 the year ended December 31, 2021 (the Successor 2021 Period 
 the period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 (the Successor 2020 Period 
 the period from January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020 (the Predecessor 2020 Period 
 the year ended December 31, 2020 after giving effect to each acquisition as if each had been completed as of January 1, 2020 (the Successor 2020 Pro Forma Period ). 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources : This section provides an analysis of our ability to generate cash and to meet existing or reasonably likely future cash requirements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates : This section discusses the accounting policies and estimates that we consider important to our financial condition and results of operations and that require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in their application. In addition, our significant accounting policies, including critical accounting policies, are summarized in Note B Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Business Overview 
 
 Our mission is to help deliver clarity for our clients as they face their most complex decisions. BigBear.ai s artificial intelligence AI )-powered decision intelligence solutions are leveraged across our Cyber Engineering and Analytics business segments and in three primary markets global supply chains logistics, autonomous systems and cybersecurity. Our Cyber Engineering segment provides high-end technology and management consulting services to our customers, focusing on cloud engineering and enterprise IT, cybersecurity, computer network operations and wireless, systems engineering, as well as strategy and program planning. Our Analytics segment provides high-end technology and consulting services to our customers, focusing 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 on big data computing and analytical solutions, including predictive and prescriptive analytics solutions. BigBear.ai s customers, including federal defense and intelligence agencies, manufacturers, third party logistics providers, retailers, healthcare, and life sciences organizations, rely on BigBear.ai s solutions to empower leaders to decide on the best possible course of action by creating order from complex data, identifying blind spots, and building predictive outcomes. We are a technology-led solutions organization, providing both software and services to our customers. 
 
 Merger Agreement and Public Company Costs 
 
 Affiliates of AE Industrial Partners Fund II, LP AE ), a private equity firm specializing in aerospace, defense, space and government services, power generation, and specialty industrial markets, formed a series of acquisition vehicles on May 22, 2020, which included Lake Parent, LLC Lake Parent ), BigBear.ai Holdings, LLC BigBear.ai Holdings or Successor , formerly known as Lake Intermediate, LLC), BigBear.ai Intermediate Holdings, LLC BigBear.ai Intermediate, formerly known as Lake Finance, LLC) and BigBear.ai, LLC BigBear.ai , formerly known as Lake Acquisition, LLC), with Lake Parent being the top holding company. BigBear.ai and BigBear.ai Intermediate are wholly owned subsidiaries of BigBear.ai. 
 
 On June 19, 2020, BigBear.ai acquired 100 of the equity of NuWave Solutions, LLC NuWave ). NuWave is a leading provider of data management, advanced analytics, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and cloud solutions that deliver anticipatory intelligence and advanced decision support solutions and technologies to the Federal Government. NuWave provides innovative, customized solutions through development, selection, and integration of leading technologies. NuWave has expertise in advanced technologies across the analytics and data management lifecycle and applies its expertise and teamwork to give customers the ability to solve complex problems, communicate, and manage information. 
 
 Separately, AE also formed a series of acquisition vehicles on October 8, 2020, which included BBAI Ultimate Holdings, LLC BBAI Ultimate Holdings or Parent , formerly known as PCISM Ultimate Holdings, LLC), PCISM Holdings, LLC, PCISM Intermediate Holdings, LLC and PCISM Intermediate II Holdings, LLC. On October 23, 2020 BBAI Ultimate Holdings acquired PCI Strategic Management, LLC PCI or Predecessor ). PCI is a technology-focused company that provides cybersecurity and computer network operations, cloud engineering and IT infrastructure, data analytics, and system engineering solutions and related services. PCI is a trusted advisor to the U.S. intelligence community, Department of Defense (the DoD ), and Federal Government, developing leading-edge mission solutions using emerging technologies and proven practices to solve the most complex cybersecurity, cloud, and enterprise IT challenges of its customers. 
 
 On December 2, 2020, NuWave entered into an agreement with Open Solutions Group, LLC Open Solutions to acquire 100 of its equity. Open Solutions specializes in big data computing and analytics, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, machine learning, geospatial information systems, data mining and systems engineering to customers in the U.S. defense and intelligence communities. Open Solutions combines comprehensive technology solutions with its BigBear.ai Platform to create entirely private, secure, and unique cloud environments that have helped organizations enable big data computing, machine learning and improved decision-making while better managing risk. Open Solutions specializes in helping customers make sense of their data by delivering the most advanced customized data analytics solutions. 
 
 On December 21, 2020, BigBear.ai acquired the Government Services division of ProModel Government Solutions Inc. ProModel ). ProModel is an agile provider of mission critical predictive and prescriptive analytics software solutions for decision support to the DoD and U.S. Government. For more than 25 years, ProModel has built innovative and adaptable custom model-based software solutions to visualize complex and disparate data, synchronize operational needs, mitigate risk and optimize resources to support strategic and tactical decisions for the DoD and other federal government agencies. 
 
 On December 21, 2020, NuWave acquired 100 of the equity of PCI in a series of transactions which resulted in BigBear.ai Holdings being a wholly owned subsidiary of BBAI Ultimate Holdings. This transaction left Lake Parent with no assets or operations, and it was dissolved. 

Recent Developments 
 
 Acquisition Activity 
 
 On April 7, 2022, the Company s subsidiary BigBear.ai, LLC acquired ProModel Corporation ProModel Corporation ), a leader in simulation-based predictive and prescriptive analytic software for process improvement enabling organizations to make better decisions, for approximately 16.1 million, subject to certain adjustments. This acquisition complements the Company s previous acquisition of ProModel s Government Services business, ProModel Government Solutions Inc. ProModel Government Solutions ), which closed on December 21, 2020. The acquisition of ProModel Corporation was funded through a 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 combination of cash on hand and the issuance of 649,976 shares of the Company s common stock. ProModel Corporation is aligned under the Company s Analytics business segment. Refer to Note D Business Combinations of the Notes to consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. For risks related to the transaction, see Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We may acquire or invest in companies and technologies, which may divert our management s attention, and result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions or investments included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 COVID-19 Operational Posture and Current Impact 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continued to cause business impacts during 2022, primarily driven by the emergence of the Omicron variant in late 2021 with a resulting increase in COVID cases in early 2022. Our performance was affected during 2022 by supply chain disruptions and delays, as well as labor challenges associated with employee absences, travel restrictions, site access, quarantine restrictions, remote work, and adjusted work schedules. We are actively engaging with our customers and are continuing to take measures to protect the health and safety of our employees. 
 
 The impact of COVID-19 on our operations and financial performance in future periods, including our ability to execute on our customer contracts in the expected timeframe, remains uncertain and will depend on a number of factors, including the impact of potential new COVID-19 variants or subvariants, the effectiveness and adoption of COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics, and government actions to prevent and manage disease spread. The long-term impacts of COVID-19 on government budgets and other funding priorities that impact demand for our solutions also are difficult to predict, but could negatively affect our future results and performance. 
 
 For additional risks to the corporation related to the COVID-19 pandemic, see Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Russian Invasion of Ukraine 
 
 We are closely monitoring the impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and its impact on our business. For our government customers, their focus on addressing immediate needs in Ukraine has slowed the pipeline and pace of contract awards, pushing revenue further to the right. We continue to expect the geopolitical climate to drive adoption of our offerings over the long term, as it has heightened the need for advanced AI tools that provide enhanced intelligence and full spectrum cyber operations areas where we have unmatched capabilities. While the conflict is still evolving and the outcome remains highly uncertain, we do not believe the Russian invasion will have a material impact on our business and results of operations. However, if the conflict continues or worsens, leading to greater disruptions and uncertainty within the technology industry or global economy, our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 
 Amendments to the Bank of America Credit Agreement 
 
 As previously disclosed, as of June 30, 2022, the Company was not in compliance with the Fixed Charge Coverage ratio requirement of the Credit Agreement (the Bank of America Credit Agreement ), dated as of December 7, 2021, by and among the Company, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent. The Company notified Bank of America N.A. of the covenant violation, and, on August 9, 2022, entered into the First Amendment (the First Amendment to the Bank of America Credit Agreement, which, among other things, waived the requirement that the Company demonstrate compliance with the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage ratio provided for in the Credit Agreement for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 As of September 30, 2022, the Company was not in compliance with the Fixed Charge Coverage ratio requirement of the Bank of America Credit Agreement. On November 8, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to the Bank of America Credit Agreement (the Second Amendment ), which modifies key terms of the Senior Revolver. As a result of the Second Amendment, funds available under the Senior Revolver are reduced to 25.0 million from 50.0 million, limited to a borrowing base of 90 of Eligible Prime Government Receivables and Eligible Subcontractor Government Receivables, plus 85 of Eligible Commercial Receivables. Additionally, the Second Amendment increased the Base Rate Margin, BSBY Margin and unused commitment fees by 0.25 . The Senior Revolver no longer is subject to a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage ratio covenant following the Second Amendment. In order for the facility to become available for borrowings (the initial availability quarter ), the Company must report Adjusted EBITDA of at least one dollar. Commencing on the first fiscal quarter after the initial availability quarter, the Company is required to have aggregated reported Adjusted EBITDA of at least 1 over the two 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 preceding quarters to maintain its ability to borrow under the Senior Revolver (though the inability to satisfy such condition does not result in a default under the Senior Revolver). 
 
 See the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below and Note K Debt of the audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding these amendments. 
 
 Private Placement 
 
 On January 19, 2023, the Company consummated the closing of a private placement (the Private Placement ), issuing 13,888,889 shares of the Company s common stock and a common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to an additional 13,888,889 shares of Common Stock. The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Private Placement were approximately 25,000. 
 
 See the Liquidity and Capital Resources Subsequent Events section below and Note X Subsequent Events of the audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the Private Placement. 

Components of Results of Operations 
 
 Revenues 
 
 We generate revenue by providing our customers with highly customizable solutions and services for data ingestion, data enrichment, data processing, artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive analytics and predictive visualization. We have a diverse base of customers, including government defense, government intelligence, as well as various commercial enterprises. 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 
 Cost of revenues primarily includes salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for personnel involved in performing the services described above as well as allocated overhead and other direct costs. 
 
 We expect that cost of revenues will increase in absolute dollars as our revenues grow and will vary from period-to-period as a percentage of revenues. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative SG A 
 
 SG A expenses include salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for personnel involved in our executive, finance, accounting, legal, human resources, and administrative functions, as well as third-party professional services and fees, and allocated overhead. 
 
 We expect that SG A expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we hire additional personnel and enhance our systems, processes, and controls to support the growth in our business as well as our increased compliance and reporting requirements as a public company. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Research and development expenses primarily consist of salaries, stock-based compensation expense, and benefits for personnel involved in research and development activities as well as allocated overhead. Research and development expenses are expensed in the period incurred. 
 
 We expect research and development expenses to increase in future periods as we continue to invest in research and development activities to achieve our operational and commercial goals. 
 
 Restructuring Charges 
 
 Restructuring charges consist of employee separation costs and impairment of lease right-of-use assets related to strategic cost saving initiatives. 
 
 Transaction Expenses 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Transaction expenses consist of acquisition costs and other related expenses incurred in acquiring NuWave, PCI, Open Solutions, ProModel, and ProModel Corporation as well as costs associated with evaluating other acquisition opportunities. 
 
 We expect to incur acquisition costs and other related expenses periodically in the future as we continue to seek acquisition opportunities to expand our technological capabilities. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 
 Goodwill impairment consists of a non-cash impairments of the goodwill in the Cyber Engineering and Analytics reporting units. 
 
 Net (Decrease) Increase in Fair Value of Derivatives 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives consists of fair value remeasurements of private warrants and written put options. 
 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt consists of the derecognition of the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Antares Capital Credit Facility upon its settlement. See the Liquidity and Capital Resources section Antares Capital Credit Agreement below for more information. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense, commitment fees, and debt issuance cost amortization under our debt agreements. 
 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Expense 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense consists of income taxes related to federal and state jurisdictions in which we conduct business. 
 
 Segments 
 
 We have two operating segments, Cyber Engineering and Analytics, which were determined based on the manner in which the chief operating decision maker CODM ), who is our Chief Executive Officer, manages our operations for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating performance. Various factors, including our organizational and management reporting structure, customer type, economic characteristics, financial metrics and other factors were considered in determining these operating segments. Our operating segments are described below: 
 
 Cyber Engineering 
 
 The Cyber Engineering segment provides high-end technology and management consulting services to its customers. This segment focuses in the areas of cloud engineering and enterprise IT, cybersecurity, computer network operations and wireless, systems engineering, as well as strategy and program planning. The segment s primary solutions relate to the development and deployment of customized solutions in the areas of cloud engineering and IT infrastructure, cybersecurity and computer network operations, data analytics and visualization, and system engineering and program planning. The results of PCI are included in the Cyber Engineering segment results. 
 
 Analytics 
 
 The Analytics segment provides high-end technology and consulting services to its customers. This segment focuses on the areas of big data computing and analytical solutions, including predictive and prescriptive analytics solutions. The segment s primary solutions assist customers in aggregating, interpreting, and synthesizing data to enable real-time decision-making capabilities. The results of NuWave, Open Solutions, ProModel, and ProModel Corporation are included in the Analytics segment results. 

Results of Operations 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Successor 2022 Period, Successor 2021 Period, Successor 2020 Period, Predecessor 2020 Period, and Successor Pro Forma 2020 Period 
 This section provides a discussion of the results of operations for the following periods: 
 The results of operations for the Successor 2022 Period include the results of PCI, NuWave, Open Solutions, ProModel, ProModel Corporation and BigBear.ai from the beginning of the period (January 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022). 
 The results of operations for the Successor 2021 Period include the results of PCI, NuWave, Open Solutions, ProModel and BigBear.ai from the beginning of the period (January 1, 2021 - December 31, 2021). 
 The results of operations for the Successor 2020 Period include the results of NuWave, PCI, Open Solutions, and ProModel from each of their respective acquisition dates and BigBear.ai from the beginning of the period through December 31, 2020 (May 22, 2020 - December 31, 2020). 
 The Successor Pro Forma 2020 Period includes the results of operations for the Successor 2020 Period and reflects the impact of the acquisitions of NuWave, PCI, Open Solutions and ProModel as if they each occurred on January 1, 2020 (January 1, 2020 - December 31, 2020). 
 The results of operations for the Predecessor 2020 Period include the results of PCI from January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020, the date immediately preceding PCI s acquisition date (January 1, 2021 - October 22, 2021). 
 
 As described above and as illustrated in the table below, the periods presented are not directly comparable. 
 
 Successor 2022 Period Successor 
 2021 Period 
 Successor 
 2020 Period 
 Successor Pro Forma 
 2020 Period 
 Predecessor 
 2020 Period 
 PCI January 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 1, 2021 December 31, 2021 October 23, 2020 - December 31, 2020 January 1, 2020 - December 31, 2020 January 1, 2020 October 22, 2020 Open Solutions December 2, 2020 -December 31, 2020 Not Applicable ProModel December 21, 2020 -December 31, 2020 NuWave June 19, 2020 December 31, 2020 BigBear.ai May 22, 2020 December 31, 2020 

69 

Table of Contents 

 The table below presents our consolidated statements of operations for the following periods: 
 
 Successor Predecessor Successor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Pro Forma 2020 Revenues 155,011 145,578 31,552 59,765 138,992 Cost of revenues 112,018 111,510 22,877 46,755 96,133 Gross margin 42,993 34,068 8,675 13,010 42,859 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative 84,775 106,507 7,909 7,632 30,235 Research and development 8,393 6,033 530 85 615 Restructuring charges 4,203 Transaction expenses 2,605 10,091 10,091 Goodwill impairment 53,544 Operating (loss) income (110,527) (78,472) (9,855) 5,293 1,918 Net decrease in fair value of derivatives (1,591) 33,353 Loss on extinguishment of debt 2,881 Interest expense 14,436 7,762 616 1 8,396 Other expense 19 (Loss) income before taxes (123,391) (122,468) (10,471) 5,292 (6,478) Income tax (benefit) expense (1,717) 1,084 (2,633) 3 (1,795) Net (loss) income (121,674) (123,552) (7,838) 5,289 (4,683) 
 
 The following table summarizes our Successor 2020 Pro Forma Period statements of operations: 
 Lake Intermediate (Historical) NuWave PCI Open Solutions ProModel Acquisition Accounting Adjustments January 1, 2020 June 18, 2020 (Historical) January 1, 2020 - October 22, 2020 (Historical) January 1 2020 December 1, 2020 (Historical) January 1, 2020 December 20, 2020 (Historical) Successor Pro Forma 2020 Revenues 31,552 10,809 59,765 22,693 15,782 (1,609) (a) 138,992 Cost of revenues 22,877 5,436 46,755 13,183 9,491 (1,609) (a) 96,133 Gross Margin 8,675 5,373 13,010 9,510 6,291 42,859 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative 7,909 3,266 7,632 4,192 1,555 5,681 (b) 30,235 Research and development 530 85 615 Transaction expenses 10,091 10,091 Operating income (loss) (9,855) 2,107 5,293 5,318 4,736 (5,681) 1,918 Interest expense 616 1 (3) 7,782 (c) 8,396 (Loss) income before taxes (10,471) 2,107 5,292 5,321 4,736 (13,463) (6,478) Income tax (benefit) expense (2,633) (6) 3 61 1,169 (389) (d) (1,795) Net (loss) income (7,838) 2,113 5,289 5,260 3,567 (13,074) (4,683) 
 
 Acquisition Accounting Adjustments: 
 a. Adjustment to eliminate 1,609 of pre-acquisition intercompany revenues and cost of revenues between NuWave and ProModel. 
 b. Adjustment to include pre-acquisition amortization of the acquired intangible assets of 735 for NuWave, 922 for PCI, 2,331 for Open Solutions, and 1,693 for ProModel. 
 c. Adjustment to (1) include the interest expense of 861 to finance the NuWave Acquisition, 1,873 to finance the PCI Acquisition, 2,131 to finance the Open Solutions Acquisition, and 2,918 to finance the ProModel Acquisition as if each acquisition had taken place on January 1, 2020, based on the effective interest rate of the credit facility used to finance the acquisitions, and (2) eliminate 1 of pre-acquisition interest expense, including amortization of deferred financing fees, related to the outstanding debt balances for PCI, which were settled by the sellers of PCI with proceeds from the sale. 
 d. Adjustment for income taxes of 113 expense for NuWave, 522 expense for PCI, 119 expense for Open Solutions and (1,143) benefit for ProModel, applying a statutory tax rate of 21 as if the acquisitions had taken place on January 1, 2020. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Revenues 
 Successor Predecessor Successor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Pro Forma 2020 Revenues Cyber Engineering 71,114 74,879 15,584 59,765 75,349 Analytics 83,897 70,699 15,968 63,643 Total Revenues 155,011 145,578 31,552 59,765 138,992 
 
 Cyber Engineering revenues decreased by 3,765 during the Successor 2022 Period as compared to the Successor 2021 Period primarily as a result of the timing of deliveries under certain procurement programs. Revenues increased 59,295 in the Successor 2021 Period relative to the Successor 2020 Period as the Successor 2021 Period includes the results of PCI for the entire 2021 fiscal year whereas the Successor 2020 Period includes the results of PCI from October 23, 2020 through December 31, 2020. Revenues increased 15,114 in the Successor 2021 Period relative to the Predecessor 2020 Period as a result of increased volume and new contract awards. Revenues decreased approximately 470 relative to the Successor 2020 Pro Forma Period. This decrease is primarily attributable to lower volume. 
 
 Analytics revenues increased by 13,198 during the Successor 2022 Period as compared to the Successor 2021 Period, primarily driven by new contracts awarded in 2022, resulting in higher volume. Analytics revenues increased 54,731 from the Successor 2020 Period due to the full year of activity for NuWave, Open Solutions, and ProModel. Analytics revenues increased 7,056 from the Successor 2020 Pro Forma Period. This increase was primarily attributable to new contract awards. 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Successor Predecessor Successor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Pro Forma 2020 Cost of revenues Cyber Engineering 58,177 59,658 12,273 46,755 59,028 Analytics 53,841 51,852 10,604 37,105 Total cost of revenues 112,018 111,510 22,877 46,755 96,133 Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues Cyber Engineering 82 80 79 78 78 Analytics 64 73 66 58 
 
 Cyber Engineering cost of revenues as a percentage of Cyber Engineering revenues increased to 82 for the Successor 2022 Period as compared to 80 for the Successor 2021 Period due to increased use of subcontractors during the Successor 2022 Period as compared to the same period in 2021. The increase in cost of revenues as a percentage of revenue in the Successor 2021 Period relative to the Predecessor 2020 Period and Successor 2020 Pro Forma Period was primarily driven by increased subcontractor costs. 
 
 Analytics cost of revenues as a percentage of Analytics revenues decreased to 64 for the Successor 2022 Period as compared to 73 for the Successor 2021 Period due to lower margins on certain prototype contracts that were performed during 2021 that were not repeated in 2022. Analytics cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues for the Successor 2021 Period increased relative to the Successor 2020 Period and Successor 2020 Pro Forma Period due to increased subcontractor costs. 
 
 SG A 
 Successor Predecessor Successor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Pro Forma 2020 SG A 84,775 106,507 7,909 7,632 30,235 SG A as a percentage of revenues 55 73 25 13 22 
 
 SG A expenses as a percentage of total revenues for the Successor 2022 Period decreased to 55 as compared to 73 for the 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Successor 2021 Period, which was primarily driven by a 46,367 reduction of equity-based compensation cost and 6,176 reduction in capital market advisory fees, offset by additional investment in commercial start-up costs of 3,472, 5,472 of non-recurring integration costs to streamline business functions across the Company and realize synergies from our acquisitions, and 4,233 related to D O insurance. 
 
 The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues for the Successor 2021 Period relative to the Successor 2020 Period, Predecessor 2020 Period, and Successor 2020 Pro Forma Period was primarily driven by 53,463 of equity-based compensation cost recognized under the Class B Unit Incentive Plan. See the Equity-Based Compensation section Class B Unit Incentive Plan below for more information. The increase in SG A as a percentage of revenues was also driven by increased payroll, information technology and employee recruiting expenses to increase personnel in advance of planned growth in our business as well as our increased compliance and reporting requirements as a public company. Since January of 2021, we have hired approximately 70 employees across various corporate functions, including hires to support our transition to a public company, and within the business development team to focus on our commercial growth strategy. Additionally, the increase for the Successor 2021 Period includes 6,917 related to capital market advisory fees related to advisors assisting with preparation for the Business Combination and various integration projects and 1,783 of non-recurring integration costs to streamline business functions across the Company and realize synergies from our acquisitions. 
 
 Research and Development 
 Successor Predecessor Successor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Pro Forma 2020 Research and development 8,393 6,033 530 85 615 
 
 The increase in research and development expenses was driven by increased hiring and headcount in our innovations lab as well as investment in various research projects aimed at continuing to develop and refine our solutions, including enhancing features and functionality, adding new modules, and improving the application of the latest AI/ML technologies in the solutions we deliver to our customers. 
 
 Restructuring Charges 
 Successor Predecessor Successor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Pro Forma 2020 Restructuring charges 4,203 
 
 Restructuring charges for Successor 2022 Period consist of employee separation costs and impairment of lease right-of-use assets related to strategic cost saving initiatives to better align our organization and cost structure and improve the affordability of our products and services. 
 
 Transaction Expenses 
 Successor Predecessor Successor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Pro Forma 2020 Transaction expenses 2,605 10,091 10,091 
 
 Transaction expenses for Successor 2022 Period consist of acquisition costs and other related expenses incurred in acquiring ProModel Corporation. Transaction expenses in the Successor 2020 Period and the Successor 2020 Pro Forma Period relate to the diligence and integration costs associated with the purchases of NuWave, PCI, Open Solutions, and ProModel as well as costs associated with evaluating other acquisition opportunities. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 Successor Predecessor Successor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Pro Forma 2020 Goodwill impairment 53,544 
 
 Goodwill impairment for Successor 2022 Period consists a 35,252 and 18,292 non-cash impairment of the goodwill in the Cyber Engineering and Analytics reporting units, respectively. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Net (Decrease) Increase in Fair Value of Derivatives 
 Successor Predecessor Successor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Pro Forma 2020 Net (decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives (1,591) 33,353 
 
 The net decrease in fair value of derivatives of 1,591 for Successor 2022 Period and increase of 33,353 for the Successor 2021 Period consists of fair value remeasurements of written put options and private warrants. The written put option balance was as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 
 The loss on extinguishment of debt of 2,881 for the Successor 2021 Period consists of the derecognition of the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Antares Capital Credit Facility upon its settlement in December 2021. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 Successor Predecessor Successor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Pro Forma 2020 Interest expense 14,436 7,762 616 1 8,396 
 
 Interest expense increased by 6,674 during the Successor 2022 Period as compared to the Successor 2021 Period. The increase in interest expense was primarily driven by the higher principal balance of debt associated with our Convertible Notes as compared to the principal balance of debt under our Antares Capital Credit Facility, which was fully settled and terminated in December 2021 in connection with the Business Combination. The interest expense in the Successor 2021 period was primarily incurred in connection with the Antares Capital Credit Facility, which was entered into in December 2020. See the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below for more information. 
 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Expense 
 Successor Predecessor Successor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Pro Forma 2020 Income tax (benefit) expense (1,717) 1,084 (2,633) 3 (1,795) Effective tax rate 1.4 (0.9) 25.1 0.1 
 
 The increase in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the change in the valuation allowance on the Company s deferred tax balances. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 differs from the U.S. federal income tax rate of 21.0 primarily due to state and local income taxes, permanent differences between book and taxable income, goodwill impairment, and the change in valuation allowance primarily resulting from the ProModel Corporation acquisition. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has determined that it is not more-likely-than-not that substantially all of its deferred tax assets will be realized in the future, and continues to have a full valuation allowance established against its deferred tax assets. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act. The Inflation Reduction Act introduces a new 15 corporate minimum tax, based on adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations. Applicable corporations would be allowed to claim a credit for the minimum tax paid against regular tax in future years. The minimum tax impacts applied starting in 2023. The Inflation Reduction Act also includes an excise tax that would impose a 1 surcharge on stock repurchases. This excise tax is effective January 1, 2023. 
 
 The Company does not believe the Inflation Reduction Act will have a significant effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Refer to Note M Income Taxes of the Notes to consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 

Supplemental Non-GAAP Information 
 The Company uses Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate its operating performance, generate future operating plans, and make strategic decisions, including those relating to operating expenses and the allocation of internal resources. Adjusted EBITDA is a financial 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 measure not calculated in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) adjusted for interest expense (income), net, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization, equity-based compensation, net (decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives, restructuring charges, capital market advisory fees, non-recurring integration costs, commercial start-up costs, transaction expenses, and goodwill impairment. Non-GAAP financial performance measures are used to supplement the financial information presented on a GAAP basis. This non-GAAP financial measure should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the relevant GAAP measures and should be read in conjunction with information presented on a GAAP basis. Because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 Adjusted EBITDA - Non-GAAP 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net (loss) income, computed in accordance with GAAP: 
 Successor Predecessor Successor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Pro Forma 2020 Net (loss) income (121,674) (123,552) (7,838) 5,289 (4,683) Interest expense 14,436 7,762 616 1 8,396 Income tax (benefit) expense (1,717) 1,084 (2,633) 3 (1,795) Depreciation and amortization 7,758 7,262 1,028 52 6,990 EBITDA (101,197) (107,444) (8,827) 5,345 8,908 Adjustments: Equity-based compensation 10,865 60,615 80 1,097 Net (decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives (1) 
 (1,591) 33,353 Restructuring charges (2) 
 4,203 Loss on extinguishment of debt (3) 
 2,881 Transaction bonuses (4) 
 1,089 Capital market advisory fees (5) 
 741 6,917 Termination of legacy benefits (6) 
 1,639 Management fees (7) 
 1,001 414 414 Non-recurring integration costs (8) 
 7,255 1,783 Commercial start-up costs (9) 
 6,490 3,018 Transaction expenses (10) 
 2,605 10,091 10,091 Goodwill impairment (11) 
 53,544 Adjusted EBITDA (17,085) 4,852 1,678 5,425 20,510 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 (1) 
 The (decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives primarily relates to the changes in the fair value of certain Forward Share Purchase Agreements (FPAs) that were entered into prior to the closing of the Business Combination and were fully settled during the first quarter of 2022, as well as changes in the fair value of private warrants. (2) 
 In the third and fourth quarters of 2022, the Company incurred employee separation costs associated with a strategic review of the Company s capacity and future projections to better align the organization and cost structure and improve the affordability of its products and services. In addition, restructuring charges include an impairment of the right-of-use assets associated with certain underutilized real estate leases that we vacated during the fourth quarter. 
 (3) 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt consists of the derecognition of the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Antares Capital Credit Facility upon its settlement in December 2021. (4) 
 Bonuses paid to certain employees related to the closing of the Business Combination. (5) 
 The Company incurred capital market and advisory fees related to advisors assisting with the Business Combination. (6) 
 In the third quarter of 2021, the Company elected to terminate certain legacy employee incentive benefits with final payments made in the fourth quarter of 2021. (7) 
 Management and other related consulting fees paid to AE Partners. These fees ceased subsequent to the Business Combination. (8) 
 Non-recurring internal integration costs related to the Business Combination. (9) 
 Commercial start-up costs includes certain non-recurring expenses associated with tailoring the Company s software products for commercial customers and use cases. (10) 
 The Company incurred transaction expenses related to the acquisition of ProModel Corporation, which closed on April 7, 2022. For the Successor 2020 Period and the Successor Pro Forma 2020 Period, the Company incurred transaction expenses related to the purchase of NuWave, PCI, Open Solutions and ProModel in 2020. Costs include both diligence and integration costs after each company was acquired. (11) 
 During the second and fourth quarters of 2022, the Company recognized non-cash goodwill impairment charges related to its Cyber Engineering and Analytics business segments, respectively. 

Free Cash Flow 
 
 Free cash flow is defined as net cash (used in) provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. Management believes free cash flow is useful to investors, analysts and others because it provides a meaningful measure of the Company s ability to generate cash and meet its debt obligations. 
 
 The table below presents a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities, computed in accordance with GAAP: 
 Successor Predecessor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (48,918) (19,782) (7,416) 8,614 Capital expenditures, net 
 (769) (639) (155) (121) Free cash flow 
 (49,687) (20,421) (7,571) 8,493 Free cash flow from acquired businesses 
 19,770 Operating cash flow from acquired businesses 
 20,000 Capital expenditures of acquired businesses 
 (230) Pro Forma free cash flow (i) 
 12,199 
 
 (i) The Successor 2020 Pro Forma Period free cash flow represents free cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2020, adjusted for estimated free cash flow for NuWave, PCI, Open Solutions, and ProModel as if each of those transactions occurred at the beginning of the period. Adjustments to reflect the estimated free cash flows from acquired businesses includes certain transaction costs (and the associated tax impacts) not already included in the net loss, where applicable. The Successor 2020 Pro Forma Period free cash flow was not prepared in accordance with GAAP or the pro forma rules of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and should not be considered as an alternative to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP. We believe that the inclusion of Successor 2020 Pro Forma Period free cash flow is appropriate to provide additional information to investors because securities analysts and other investors may use this non-GAAP financial measure to assess our operating performance across periods on a consistent basis. The Successor 2020 Pro Forma Period free cash flow has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Key Performance Indicators 
 
 Backlog 
 
 We view growth in backlog as a key measure of our business growth. Backlog represents the estimated dollar value of contracts that we have been awarded for which work has not yet been performed, and in certain cases, our estimate of known opportunities for future contract awards on customer programs that we are currently supporting. 
 
 The majority of our historical revenues are derived from contracts with the Federal Government and its various agencies. In accordance with the general procurement practices of the Federal Government, most contracts are not fully funded at the time of contract award. As work under the contract progresses, our customers may add incremental funding up to the initial contract award amount. We generally do not deliver goods and services to our customers in excess of the appropriated contract funding. 
 
 At the time of award, certain contracts may include options for our customers to procure additional goods and services under the contract. Options do not create enforceable rights and obligations until exercised by our customers and thus we only recognize revenues related to options as each option is exercised. Contracts with such provisions may or may not specify the exact scope, nor corresponding price, associated with options; however, these contracts will generally identify the expected period of performance for each option. In cases where we have negotiated the estimated scope and price of an option in the contract with our customer, we use that information to measure our backlog and we refer to this as Priced Unexercised Options. If a contract does not specify the scope, level-of-effort, or price related to options to procure additional goods and services, we estimate the backlog associated with those options based on our discussions with our customer, our current level of support on the customer s program, and the period of performance for each option that was negotiated in the contract. We refer to this as Unpriced Unexercised Options. 
 
 Many of the customer programs we support relate to key national security and defense interests. At the end of a contract, our customers may elect to modify our existing contract, in order to extend the period under which we provide additional goods and services or may elect to continue to procure additional goods and services from us under a new contract. If our customer notifies us that a program we currently support will be continuing under a new contract, we estimate the backlog associated with that anticipated future contract Anticipated Follow-on Awards based on the assumption that (i) we are highly likely to be awarded the contract because we are the incumbent, (ii) the program we support is of critical importance to national security and defense, and (iii) that if the contract was awarded to a different party, the transition would be highly disruptive to the achievement of our customer s objectives. For purposes of estimating backlog related to Anticipated Follow-on Awards, we assume that the goods and services that we will deliver under that future contract will be generally similar in scope and pricing compared to our current contract and that our current level of support on the customer program will persist under the new contract. Potential contract awards with existing customers on completely new programs, or with any new customer that we have not worked with historically, would not be included in Anticipated Follow-on Awards as there is far greater uncertainty as to whether those opportunities will be awarded to us. 
 
 We define backlog in these categories to provide the reader with additional context as to the nature of our backlog and so that the reader can understand the varying degrees of risk, uncertainty, and where applicable, management s estimates and judgements used in determining backlog at the end of a period. The categories of backlog are further defined below. 
 
 Funded Backlog. Funded backlog represents the contract value of goods and services to be delivered under existing contracts for which funding is appropriated or otherwise authorized less revenues previously recognized on these contracts. 
 
 Unfunded backlog. Unfunded backlog represents the contract value, or portion thereof, of goods and services to be delivered under existing contracts for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized. 
 
 Priced Unexercised Options. Priced unexercised contract options represent the value of goods and services to be delivered under existing contracts if our customer elects to exercise all of the options available in the contract. For priced unexercised options, we measure backlog based on the corresponding contract values assigned to the options as negotiated in our contract with our customer. 
 
 Unpriced Unexercised Options. Unpriced unexercised contract options represent the value of goods and services to be delivered under existing contracts if our customer elects to exercise all of the options available in the contract. For unpriced unexercised options, we estimate backlog generally under the assumption that our current level of support on the contract will persist for each option period. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes certain backlog information (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Funded 57,234 78,258 Unfunded 18,220 68,203 Priced, unexercised options 112,119 143,969 Unpriced, unexercised options 30,900 31,680 Total backlog 218,473 322,110 
 
 During the second quarter of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, the Company revised its methodology for determining backlog. Under the revised methodology, backlog does not include Anticipated Follow-on Awards, which were historically estimated when a customer notified us a program we currently support would be continuing under a new contract. Additionally, we have reassessed our unpriced, unexercised backlog and while we have this work under contract with not-to-exceed limits, we have updated our estimates on what we believe will actually be funded in the future on these contracts. For comparative purposes we recalculated backlog as of December 31, 2021, giving effect to the revised methodology. Under the revised methodology, the 466 million of backlog previously reported as of December 31, 2021 would be 322 million. 
 
 Previously Reported Revised Methodology December 31, 2021 December 31, 2021 Change Funded 91,187 78,258 (12,929) Unfunded 68,203 68,203 Priced, unexercised options 143,969 143,969 Unpriced, unexercised options 119,747 31,680 (88,067) Anticipated follow-on Awards 42,582 (42,582) Total backlog 465,688 322,110 (143,578) 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows provided by our operations and access to existing credit facilities. Our primary short-term cash requirements are to fund payroll obligations, working capital, operating lease obligations, and short-term debt, including current maturities of long-term debt. Working capital requirements can vary significantly from period to period, particularly as a result of the timing of receipts and disbursements related to long-term contracts. 
 
 Our medium-term to long-term cash requirements are to service and repay debt and to invest in facilities, equipment, technologies, and research and development for growth initiatives. 
 
 Our ability to fund our cash needs will depend, in part, on our ability to generate cash in the future, which depends on our future financial results. Our future results are subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors that may be outside of our control. Our future access to, and the availability of credit on acceptable terms and conditions, is impacted by many factors, including capital market liquidity and overall economic conditions. 
 
 As stated in Note K Debt of the Notes to consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company was not in compliance with the covenants of the Senior Revolver as of June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022. Although the Company entered into the First Amendment, which waived the requirement that the Company demonstrate compliance with the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage ratio provided for in the Credit Agreement for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, and the Second Amendment, which removed the requirement to comply with the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage ratio, it is currently unable to draw on the Senior Revolver. See Bank of America Senior Revolver section below for more information regarding the First and Second Amendments. 
 
 While we intend to reduce debt over time using cash provided by operations, we may also attempt to meet long-term debt obligations, if necessary, by obtaining capital from a variety of additional sources or by refinancing existing obligations. These sources include public or private capital markets, bank financings, proceeds from dispositions or other third-party sources. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Our available liquidity consists primarily of available cash and cash equivalents. The following table details our available liquidity: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Available cash and cash equivalents 12,632 68,900 Available borrowings from our existing credit facilities 50,000 Total available liquidity 
 12,632 118,900 
 
 The following table summarizes our existing credit facilities: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Convertible Notes 200,000 200,000 Bank of America Senior Revolver D O Financing Loan 2,059 4,233 Total debt 202,059 204,233 Less: unamortized issuance costs 7,682 9,636 Total debt, net 194,377 194,597 Less: current portion 2,059 4,233 Long-term debt, net 192,318 190,364 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 
 Upon consummation of the Merger, the Company issued 200.0 million of unsecured convertible notes (the Convertible Notes to certain investors. The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.0 per annum, payable semi-annually, and not including any interest payments that are settled with the issuance of shares, were convertible into 17,391,304 shares of the Company s common stock at an initial Conversion Price of 11.50. The Conversion Price is subject to adjustments, including but not limited to, the Conversion Rate Reset described below and in Note K Debt of the Notes to consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . The Convertible Notes mature on December 15, 2026. 
 
 On May 29, 2022, pursuant to the conversion rate adjustment provisions in the Convertible Note indenture, the Conversion Price was adjusted to 10.61 (or 94.2230 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes) because the average of the daily volume-weighted average price of the common stock during the preceding 30 trading days was less than 10.00 (the Conversion Rate Reset ). Subsequent to the Conversion Rate Reset, the Convertible Notes are convertible into 18,844,600 shares, not including any interest payments that are settled with the issuance of shares. 
 
 The Convertible Notes require the Company to meet certain financial and other covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has an outstanding balance of 200.0 million related to the Convertible Notes, which is recorded on the balance sheet net of approximately 7.7 million of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 
 Bank of America Senior Revolver 
 
 BigBear.ai is a party to a senior Bank of America Credit Agreement, entered into on December 7, 2021, subsequently amended on November 8, 2022, providing BigBear.ai with a 25.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Senior Revolver ). Proceeds from the Senior Revolver will be used to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes. The Senior Revolver matures on December 7, 2025. 
 
 The Senior Revolver includes borrowing capacity available for letters of credit and for borrowings on same-day notice, referred to as the swing loans. Any issuance of letters of credit or making of a swing loan will reduce the amount available under the revolving credit facility. BigBear.ai may increase the commitments under the Senior Revolver in an aggregate amount of up to the greater of 25.0 million or 100 of consolidated adjusted EBITDA plus any additional amounts so long as certain conditions, including compliance with the applicable financial covenants for such period, in each case on a pro forma basis, are satisfied. 
 
 The Bank of America Credit Agreement requires BigBear.ai to meet certain financial and other covenants. The Company was not in compliance with the Fixed Charge Coverage ratio requirement as of June 30, 2022, and as a result was unable to draw on the facility. The Company notified Bank of America N.A. of the covenant violation, and on August 9, 2022, entered into the First 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Amendment, which among other things, waived the requirement that the Company demonstrate compliance with the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage ratio provided for in the Credit Agreement for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 The Company was not in compliance with the Fixed Charge Coverage ratio requirement as of September 30, 2022, and as a result was unable to draw on the facility. On November 8, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to the Bank of America Credit Agreement (the Second Amendment ), which modifies key terms of the Senior Revolver. As a result of the Second Amendment, funds available under the Senior Revolver are reduced to 25.0 million from 50.0 million, limited to a borrowing base of 90 of Eligible Prime Government Receivables and Eligible Subcontractor Government Receivables, plus 85 of Eligible Commercial Receivables. Additionally, the Second Amendment increased the Base Rate Margin, BSBY Margin and unused commitment fees by 0.25 . Following entry into the Second Amendment, the Senior Revolver no longer is subject to a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage ratio covenant. In order for the facility to become available for borrowings (the initial availability quarter ), the Company must report Adjusted EBITDA of at least one dollar. Commencing on the first fiscal quarter after the initial availability quarter, the Company is required to have aggregated reported Adjusted EBITDA of at least 1 over the two preceding quarters to maintain its ability to borrow under the Senior Revolver (though the inability to satisfy such condition does not result in a default under the Senior Revolver). 
 
 Failure to meet these Adjusted EBITDA requirements is not deemed to be a default but will limit the Company s ability to make borrowings under the Senior Revolver until such time that the Company is able meet the Adjusted EBITDA thresholds as defined in the Second Amendment. As the initial availability quarter is the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Company was unable to draw on the Senior Revolver as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Second Amendment removes the requirement that the Company demonstrate compliance with the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage ratio. 
 
 Based on current forecasts, management believes that it is reasonably likely that the Company may fail to meet the minimum Adjusted EBITDA requirements of the Bank of America Credit Agreement in future periods and therefore, may be unable to draw on the facility. Management performed a cash flow analysis to identify the Company s projected approximate cash flow and liquidity needs for the next 12 months. Based on the Company s projected cash flow and liquidity needs, we believe that our cash from operating activities generated from continuing operations during the year will be adequate for the next 12 months to meet our anticipated uses of cash flow, including payroll obligations, working capital, operating lease obligations, capital expenditures and debt service costs, and it is considered unlikely that the Company would require access to draw funds on the Senior Revolver in the foreseeable future. In addition, on January 19, 2023, the Company consummated the closing of a private placement (the Private Placement ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, and issued 13,888,889 shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock and warrants (the Warrants to purchase up to an additional 13,888,889 shares of Common Stock . The purchase price of each Shares and associated Warrants was 1.80. The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Private Placement were approximately 25,000, before deducting the placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. Refer to Note X Subsequent Events for further information. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had not drawn on the Senior Revolver. Unamortized debt issuance costs of 198 were recorded on the balance sheet and are presented in Other non-current assets. 
 
 Refer to Note K Debt of the Notes to consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 D O Financing Loan 
 
 On December 8, 2021, the Company entered into a 4,233 loan (the D O Financing Loan with AFCO Credit Corporation to finance the Company s directors and officers insurance premium through December 2022. The D O Financing Loan had an interest rate of 1.50 per annum and a maturity date of December 8, 2022. 
 
 On December 8, 2022, the Company entered into a 2,059 loan (the 2023 D O Financing Loan with AFCO Credit Corporation to finance the Company s directors and officers insurance premium through December 2023. The 2023 D O Financing Loan required an upfront payment of 1,109 and has an interest rate of 5.75 per annum and a maturity date of December 8, 2023. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 
 The table below summarizes certain information from our consolidated statements of cash flows for the following periods: 
 Successor Predecessor 2022 Period 2021 Period 2020 Period 2020 Period Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (48,918) (19,782) (7,416) 8,614 Net cash used in investing activities (5,234) (863) (184,869) (121) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (103,137) 180,862 201,989 (9,773) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (157,289) 160,217 9,704 (1,280) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of period 169,921 9,704 1,644 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the period 12,632 169,921 9,704 364 
 
 Operating activities 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 48,918. Net loss before deducting depreciation, amortization and other non-cash items was 49,423 and was offset by a favorable change in net working capital of 505 which contributed to operating cash flows during this period. The favorable change in net working capital was largely driven by increases in accounts payable of 9,942 and other liabilities of 2,210. These increases were partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable of 798, an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of 1,702, a decrease in accrued liabilities of 5,121 and a decrease in contract liabilities of 3,740. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 19,782. Net loss before deducting depreciation, amortization and other non-cash items was 17,706 and was further impacted by a favorable change in net working capital of 2,076 during this period. The favorable change in net working capital was largely driven by a decrease in contract assets of 1,947, an increase in accounts payable of 2,744, and an increase in accrued liabilities of 2,845. These increases were partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable of 7,179 and an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of 6,437. 
 
 Investing activities 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 5,234, consisting of the net cash used to acquire ProModel Corporation of 4,465 and purchase of property and equipment of 769. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 863, consisting of the purchase of property and equipment of 645 and the settlement of escrow amounts related to the acquisition of businesses of 224. 
 
 Financing activities 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 103,137, primarily consisting of the purchase of Company shares as a result of settlement of the FPAs of 100,896, and the net short-term borrowings of 2,174 related to the D O Financing Loan and 2023 D O Financing Loan. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 180,862, consisting of the partial repayment of the term loan of 180,862. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 
 On January 19, 2023, the Company consummated the closing of a private placement (the Private Placement ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 16, 2023, by and among the Company and a certain accredited investor (the Purchaser ). At the closing of the Private Placement, the Company issued (i) 13,888,889 shares of common stock (the Private Placement Shares and (ii) a common stock purchase warrant (the Warrant to purchase up to an additional 13,888,889 shares of common stock (the Warrant Shares that are issuable upon its exercise. The Warrant has an exercise price of 2.39 per share of common stock and may be exercisable as of July 19, 2023 until July 19, 2028. The Warrant is subject to a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation that precludes the Purchaser from exercising any portion of the Warrant to the extent that, following such exercise, the Purchaser s beneficial ownership of our then outstanding common stock would exceed 4.99 . 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 The purchase price of each Private Placement Share and associated Warrant was 1.80. The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Private Placement were approximately 25,000, before deducting the placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company has used and intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note B of our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For the critical accounting estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make assumptions and judgments that can have a significant impact on revenue and expenses in our consolidated statements of operations , as well as, on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. We base our assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical experience and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 In accordance with the Company s policies, we regularly evaluate estimates, assumptions, and judgments; our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are based on historical experience and on factors we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. The results involve judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities not readily apparent from other sources. If our assumptions or conditions change, the actual results the Company reports may differ from these estimates. We believe the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 
 Section 102(b)(1) of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. 
 
 This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 
 Business Combinations, Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 
 Under the acquisition method of accounting, the Company recognizes tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at acquisition date. The accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to goodwill and intangible assets. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 The Company allocates the fair value of purchase consideration in a business combination to tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is allocated to goodwill. The allocation of the purchase consideration requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. These estimates can include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired customers and acquired technology from a market participant perspective, useful lives and discount rates. Management s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period, which is up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 We assess goodwill for impairment at least annually, as of the October 1, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. For the purposes of impairment testing, we have determined that we have two reporting units. Our test of goodwill impairment starts with a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. If qualitative factors indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than its carrying amount, then a quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed. 
 
 The discounted cash flow approach requires management to make certain assumptions based upon information available at the time the valuations are performed. Actual results could differ from these assumptions. We believe the assumptions used are reflective of what a market participant would have used in calculating fair value considering current economic conditions. 
 
 Additional risks for goodwill across all reporting units include, but are not limited to: 
 
 our failure to reach our internal forecasts could impact our ability to achieve our forecasted levels of cash flows and reduce the estimated discounted value of our reporting units; 
 adverse technological events that could impact our performance; 
 volatility in equity and debt markets resulting in higher discount rates; and 
 significant adverse changes in the regulatory environment or markets in which we operate. 
 It is not possible at this time to determine if an impairment charge would result from these factors. We will continue to monitor our goodwill for potential impairment indicators in future periods. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Testing 
 
 During the second and fourth quarters of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, the Company identified factors indicating that the fair value of both the Cyber Engineering and Analytics reporting units may be less than their respective carrying amounts and performed a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment. These factors were related to current macroeconomic headwinds, delays in contract awards, and changes to previously anticipated growth rates. This resulted in lower revenues than anticipated during the period and caused future revenue projections to be revised. As a result, the Company determined that a quantitative goodwill impairment assessments should be performed. The Company utilized a combination of the discounted cash flow DCF method of the Income Approach and the Market Approach. Under the Income Approach, the future cash flows of the Company s reporting units were projected based on estimates of future revenues, gross margins, operating income, excess net working capital, capital expenditures, and other factors. The Company utilized estimated revenue growth rates and cash flow projections. The discount rates utilized in the DCF method were based on a weighted-average cost of capital WACC determined from relevant market comparisons and adjusted for specific reporting unit risks and capital structure. A terminal value estimated growth rate was applied to the final year of the projected period and reflected the Company s estimate of perpetual growth. The Company then calculated the present value of the respective cash flows for each reporting unit to arrive at an estimate of fair value under the Income Approach. The Market Approach is comprised of the Guideline Public Company and the Guideline Transactions Methods. The Guideline Public Company Method focuses on comparing the Company to selected reasonably similar (or guideline) publicly traded companies. Under this method, valuation multiples were: (i) derived from the operating data of selected guideline companies; (ii) evaluated and adjusted based on the strengths and weaknesses of the Company relative to the selected guideline companies; and (iii) applied to the operating data of the Company to arrive at an indication of value. In the Guideline Transactions Method, consideration was given to prices paid in recent transactions that had occurred in the Company s industry or in related industries. The Company then reconciled the estimated fair value of its reporting units to its total public market capitalization as of the valuation date. The carrying value of the Cyber Engineering and Analytics reporting units exceeded its fair value and accordingly the Company recorded a non-tax-deductible goodwill impairment charge of 35,252 and 18,292 in the second quarter and fourth quarter of 2022, respectively, which are included within the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Intangible assets 
 
 Identifiable finite-lived intangible assets, including technology and customer relationships, have been acquired through the Company s various business combinations. The fair value of the acquired technology and customer relationships has been estimated using various underlying judgments, assumptions, and estimates. Potential changes in the underlying judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in our valuations of acquired intangible assets could result in different estimates of the future fair values. A potential increase in discount rates, a reduction in projected cash flows or a combination of the two could lead to a reduction in estimated fair values, which may result in impairment charges that could materially affect our financial statements in 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 any given year. The approaches used for determining the fair value of finite-lived technology and customer relationships acquired depends on the circumstances; the Company has used the income approach (within the income approach, various methods are available such as multi-period excess earnings, with and without, incremental and relief from royalty methods). Within each income approach method, a tax amortization benefit is included, which represents the tax benefit resulting from the amortization of that intangible asset depending on the tax jurisdiction where the intangible asset is held. 
 
 Finite-lived intangible assets are reported at cost, net of accumulated amortization, and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Significant judgment is also required in assigning the respective useful lives of intangible assets. Our assessment of intangible assets that have a finite life is based on a number of factors including the competitive environment, market share, brand history, underlying product life cycles, attrition rate, operating plans, cash flows (i.e., economic life based on the discounted and undiscounted cash flows), future usage of intangible assets and the macroeconomic environment. 
 
 We evaluate the recoverability of our intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the intangible assets are expected to generate. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of our intangible assets is not recoverable, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The recognition and measurement of revenue requires the use of judgments and estimates. Specifically, judgment is used in interpreting complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions and determining when all criteria for revenue recognition have been met. The Company s revenues are derived from the sale of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and technical consulting solutions and services. 
 
 The Company engages in long-term contracts for production and service activities and generally recognizes revenue over time (versus point in time recognition) due to the fact that the Company s ongoing performance creates an asset with no alternative use to the Company and the Company has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. The Company considers the nature of these contracts and the types of solutions and services provided when determining the proper accounting for a particular contract. The Company performs under various types of contracts, which generally include firm-fixed-price FFP ), time-and-materials T M ), and cost-reimbursable contracts. 
 
 The Company assesses each contract at its inception to determine whether it should be combined with other contracts. When making this determination, the Company considers factors such as whether two or more contracts were negotiated and executed at or near the same time or were negotiated with an overall profit objective. If combined, the Company treats the combined contracts as one single contract for revenue recognition purposes. 
 
 The Company evaluates the solutions or services promised in each contract at inception to determine whether the contract should be accounted for as having one or more performance obligations. Significant judgment is required in determining performance obligations, and these decisions could change the amount of revenue and profit recorded in a given period. 
 
 The Company determines the transaction price for each contract based on the consideration the Company expects to receive for the solutions or services being provided under the contract. For contracts where a portion of the price may vary, the Company estimates variable consideration at the most likely amount, which is included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. The Company analyzes the risk of a significant revenue reversal and if necessary constrains the amount of variable consideration recognized in order to mitigate this risk. 
 
 At the inception of a contract, the Company estimates the transaction price based on its current rights and does not contemplate future modifications (including unexercised options) or follow-on contracts until they become legally enforceable. Contracts are often subsequently modified to include changes in specifications, requirements or price, which may create new or change existing enforceable rights and obligations. Depending on the nature of the modification, the Company considers whether to account for the modification as an adjustment to the existing contract or as a separate contract. Our contracts with the U.S. Government often contain options to renew existing contracts for an additional period of time (generally a year at a time) under the same terms and conditions as the original contract, and generally do not provide the customer any material rights under the contract. Therefore, such modifications are accounted for as if they were part of the existing contract and recognized as a cumulative adjustment to revenue. We account for renewal options as separate contracts when they include distinct goods or services at standalone selling prices. 
 
 For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 based on the estimated standalone selling price of the solution or service underlying each performance obligation. In circumstances where the standalone selling price is not directly observable, we estimate the standalone selling price using the expected cost-plus margin approach. 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the solutions and services. In determining when performance obligations are satisfied, the Company considers factors such as contract terms, payment terms and whether there is an alternative future use of the solution or service. Substantially all of the Company s revenue is recognized over time as the Company performs under the contract because control of the work in process transfers continuously to the customer. 
 
 For performance obligations to deliver solutions with continuous transfer of control to the customer, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation, generally using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer as we incur costs on our contracts. Under the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs to complete the performance obligation(s). 
 
 Our cost estimation process is based on the professional knowledge of our professionals and draws on their significant experience and judgment. Accounting for long-term contracts requires significant judgment relative to estimating total contract revenues and costs, in particular, assumptions relative to the amount of time to complete the contract, including the assessment of the nature and complexity of the work to be performed. The Company s estimates are based upon the professional knowledge and experience of its personnel, who review each long-term contract to assess the contract s schedule, performance, technical matters and estimated cost at completion. Changes in estimates are applied retrospectively for contracts executed after the date of acquisition and are applied via the Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 reset method described above for contracts existing at the date of acquisition. When adjustments in estimated contract costs are identified, such revisions may result in current period adjustments to earnings applicable to performance in prior periods. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 The Company evaluates the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If a long-lived asset is tested for recoverability and the undiscounted estimated future cash flows to which the asset relates is less than the carrying amount of the asset, the asset cost is adjusted to fair value and an impairment loss is recognized as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. No such impairment charges were recognized during the periods presented. 
 
 Using a discounted cash flow method involves significant judgment and requires the Company to make significant estimates and assumptions, including long-term projections of cash flows, market conditions and appropriate discount rates. Judgments are based on historical experience, current market trends, consultations with external valuation specialists and other information. If facts and circumstances change, the use of different estimates and assumptions could result in a materially different outcome. The Company generally develops these forecasts based on recent sales data, projections based on existing backlog, acquisitions, and estimated future growth of the market in which it operates. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Significant judgments are required in order to determine the realizability of tax assets. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we evaluate all significant available positive and negative evidence, including historical operating results, estimates of future sources of taxable income, carry-forward periods available, the existence of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies and other relevant factors. The Company recognizes a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in its provision (benefit) for income taxes. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 As part of GigCapital4 s Initial Public Offering, public and private warrants were issued, which were assumed by BigBear.ai upon consummation of the Merger. Warrants are accounted for in accordance with the guidance of ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), under which private warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and are classified as liabilities measured at fair value. Public warrants meet the criteria for equity classification. The Company measured the private warrant liability at fair 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 value at the closing of the Merger and then at each reporting period with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Equity-based Compensation 
 
 Pursuant to ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , equity-based awards are measured at fair value on the grant date. For equity classified equity-based awards without performance conditions, the Company recognizes equity-based compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the award. For equity classified equity-based awards with performance conditions, the Company recognizes equity-based compensation cost using the accelerated attribution method over the requisite service period when the Company determines it is probable that the performance condition will be satisfied. The Company recognizes forfeitures of equity-based awards in the period they occur. 
 
 Equity-Based Compensation 
 
 Predecessor 
 
 On June 11, 2019, the Predecessor granted 100 Class B Incentive Units to a Member in consideration for the Member s services to the Predecessor, subject to terms and conditions stated in the profits interest grant agreement. The Class B Incentive Units granted upon full vesting represented 10 interest in the Predecessor. The Class B Incentive Units were non-voting profits interest which were subject to vesting and restrictions. According to the vesting schedule, 10 Units vested on June 11, 2019 and 90 Units would vest on January 1, 2024. The Class B Incentive Units shall have the same voting rights as the Class A Members beginning on January 1, 2024. 
 
 The Class B Incentive Units granted only had a service condition, and equity-based compensation for the Class B Incentive Units was recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The fair value of the awards for which equity-based compensation cost was recognized was estimated using the Black-Scholes options pricing model, which uses assumptions such as risk-free interest rates, discount rates and volatility rates. The historical volatility used in the determination of the fair value of the Class B Incentive Units was based on analysis of the historical volatility of guideline public companies and factors specific to the Predecessor. 
 
 Successor 
 
 Class A Units Granted to Board of Directors 
 
 Certain members of the Board of Directors of the Company have elected to receive compensation for their services as a board member in stock, Class A Units of BBAI Ultimate Holdings. The number of Units granted or to be granted by BBAI Ultimate Holdings are determined by dividing the compensation payable for the quarter by the fair value of the Class A units at the end of each respective qua rter. No Class A units were granted to the Board of Directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Class B Unit Incentive Plan 
 
 In February 2021, the Company s Parent adopted a written compensatory benefit plan (the Class B Unit Incentive Plan to provide incentives to present and future directors, managers, officers, employees, consultants, advisors, and/or other service providers of the Company s Parent or its Subsidiaries in the form of the Parent s Class B Units Incentive Units ). Incentive Units have a participation threshold of 1.00 and are divided into three tranches Tranche I , Tranche II , and Tranche III ). Tranche I Incentive Units are subject to performance-based, service-based, and market-based conditions. The grant date fair value for the Incentive Units was 5.19. 
 
 On July 29, 2021, the Company s Parent amended the Class B Unit Incentive Plan so that the Tranche I and the Tranche III Incentive Units will immediately become fully vested, subject to continued employment or provision of services, upon the closing of the transaction stipulated in the Merger Agreement. The Company s Parent also amended the Class B Unit Incentive Plan so that the Tranche II Incentive Units will vest on any liquidation event, as defined in the Class B Unit Incentive Plan, rather than only upon the occurrence of an Exit Sale, subject to the market-based condition stipulated in the Class B Unit Incentive Plan prior to its amendment. 
 
 Equity-based compensation for awards with performance conditions is based on the probable outcome of the related performance condition. The performance conditions required to vest per the amended Incentive Plan remain improbable until they occur due to the unpredictability of the events required to meet the vesting conditions. As such events are not considered probable until they 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 occur, recognition of equity-based compensation for the Incentive Units is deferred until the vesting conditions are met. Once the event occurs, unrecognized compensation cost associated with the performance-vesting Incentive Units (based on their modification date fair value) will be recognized based on the portion of the requisite service period that has been rendered. 
 
 On December 7, 2021, the previously announced merger was consummated. As a result, the Tranche I and Tranche III Incentive Units immediately became fully vested and the performance condition for the Tranche II Incentive Units was met. The fair value determined at the date of the amendment of the Class B Unit Incentive Plan was immediately recognized as compensation expense on the vesting date for Tranches I and III. Compensation expense for the Tranche II Incentive Units is recognized over the derived service period of thirty months from the modification date. The remaining compensation expense for the Tranche II Incentive Units will be recognized over the remaining service period of approximately 25 months. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s Parent modified the vesting conditions for four former employees. Under the original terms of the grant agreements, Incentive Units are forfeited upon separation. Due to the amended agreement, the Incentive Units held by the former employees are no longer contingent upon service and are considered vested as of the separation dates. The former employees will not receive the awards until the market condition is achieved. The result of the amended agreement is an accounting modification that resulted in 100 of the compensation expense being recognized for the former employees based on the modification date fair value. The incremental compensation cost recognized as a result of the modification was (1,509) during the year ended December 31, 2022. The total compensation expense recognized by the Company for Tranches I, II, and III Incentive Units, including the effects of the modification, was 4,766 during the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 3,981 was recognized in selling, general and administrative expense and 785 in cost of revenues. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 (Successor), there was 5,034 of unrecognized compensation costs related to Incentive Units, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of 1.08 years. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 On December 7, 2021, the Company adopted the BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The purpose of the Plan is to promote the long-term success of the Company and the creation of stockholder value by providing eligible employees, prospective employees, consultants, and non-employee directors of the Company the opportunity to receive stock- and cash-based incentive awards. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, pursuant to the Plan, the Company s Board of Directors granted certain grantees Stock Options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of 2.30. The Stock Options vest over four years with 25 vesting on the one year anniversary of the grant date and then 6.25 per each quarter thereafter during years two, three and four. Vesting is contingent upon continued employment or service to the Company and is accelerated in the event of death, disability, or a change in control, subject to certain conditions; both the vested and unvested portion of a Grantee s Stock Options will be immediately forfeited and cancelled if the Grantee ceases employment or service to the Company. The Stock Options expire on the 10th anniversary of the grant date. The Stock Options had no intrinsic value as of December 31, 2022. The Company recognizes equity-based compensation expense for the Stock Options equal to the fair value of the awards on a straight-line basis over the service based vesting period. The Company recognized equity-based compensation expense of 838 in selling, general and administrative expense, 83 in cost of revenues, and 15 in research and development, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there was 4,305 of unrecognized compensation costs related to the Stock Options, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of 2.94 years. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Pursuant to the Plan, the Company s Board of Directors communicated the key terms and committed to grant Restricted Stock Units RSUs to certain employees and nonemployee directors. The Company granted 8,529,066 RSUs to employees during the year ended December 31, 2022 at a weighted-average fair value of 2.62 . RSUs granted to employees generally vest over four years, with 25 vesting on the one year anniversary of the grant date and then 6.25 per each quarter thereafter during years two, three and four. RSUs granted to nonemployee directors vest 100 on the one year anniversary of the grant date . The Company recognizes equity-based compensation expense for RSUs on a straight-line over the requisite service period. The Company recognized equity-based compensation expense of 2,454 in selling, general and administrative expense, 1,904 in cost of revenues, and 263 in research and development, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022 . As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately 15,847 of unrecognized compensation costs related to the RSUs , which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of 2.39 years . 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Stock Units 
 
 Pursuant to the Plan, the Company s Board of Directors communicated the key terms and committed to grant Performance Stock Units PSUs to a certain employees. The percentage of vesting is based on achieving certain performance criteria during each respective measurement period, provided that the employees remain in continuous service on each vesting date. Vesting will not occur unless a minimum performance criteria threshold is achieved. The Company recognized no equity-based compensation expense for the PSUs during the year ended December 31, 2022 as it was not considered probable that the performance conditions would be achieved. 
 
 Employee Share Purchase Plan 
 
 Concurrently with the adoption of the Plan, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), which authorizes the grant of rights to purchase common stock of the Company to employees, officers, and directors (if they are otherwise employees) of the Company. As of January 1, 2022, the Company reserved an aggregate of 3,212,786 common shares (subject to annual increases on January 1 of each year and ending in 2031) of the Company s common stock for grants under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2022 , 508,062 shares had been sold under the ESPP and the Company has withheld employee contributions of 156, which are presented on the consolidated balance sheets within other current liabilit ies. Equity-based compensation expense related to purchase rights issued under the ESPP is based on the Black-Scholes OPM fair value of the estimated number of awards as of the beginning of the offering period. Equity-based compensation expense is recognized using the straight-line method over the offering period. The Company recognized equity-based compensation expense of 86 in selling, general and administrative expense, 400 in cost of revenues, and 56 in research and development, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022 . As of December 31, 2022 , there was 371 of unrecognized compensation costs related to the ESPP, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of 0.41 years. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note B Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Our main exposure to market risk relates to changes in the value of our common stock or other instruments that are tied to our common stock including derivative liabilities and convertible debt. Decreases in the value of our common stock have triggered certain reset provisions in our Convertible Notes that are based on the value of our common stock and volume of shares traded during the reset period. On May 29, 2022, pursuant to the Convertible Note indenture, the conversion rate applicable to the Convertible Notes was adjusted to 94.2230 (previously 86.9565) shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes because the average of the daily volume-weighted average price of the common stock during the preceding 30 trading days was less than 10.00 (the Conversion Rate Reset ). After giving effect to the Conversion Rate Reset, the conversion price is 10.61 and the Convertible Notes are convertible into 18,844,600 shares, not including any interest payments that are settled with the issuance of shares. In addition, the Convertible Notes indenture contains certain make-whole provisions pursuant to which, under certain circumstances, the Company must increase the conversion rate and such increase depends, in part, on the price of our common stock. Refer to Note P Written Put Option and Note K Debt in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in Item 1 on this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 We are also exposed to market risk related to interest rates. Our financial instruments that are subject to interest rate risk principally include fixed-rate long-term debt and revolving credit, if drawn. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal amount of our debt was 202.1 million, excluding unamortized discounts and issuance costs of 7.7 million. 
 
 Inflation affects the way we operate in our target markets. In general, we believe that, over time, we will be able to increase prices to counteract the majority of the inflationary effects of increasing costs and to generate sufficient cash flows to maintain our productive capability. Additionally, many of our long-term contracts have annual rate escalation clauses. 
 
 We have established policies, procedures and internal processes governing our management of market risks and to manage and mitigate our exposure to these risks. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page Number Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 89 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 (Successor) and December 31, 2021 (Successor) 
 90 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (Successor), Year Ended December 31, 2021 (Successor), the Period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 (Successor), and the Period from January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020 (Predecessor) 
 91 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020 (Predecessor) 
 92 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (Successor), the Year Ended December 31, 2021 (Successor), and the Period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 (Successor) 
 93 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (Successor), the Year Ended December 31, 2021 (Successor), the Period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 (Successor), and the Period from January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020 (Predecessor) 
 94 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 96 
 
 88 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the financial statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (formerly BigBear.ai Holdings, LLC, collectively the Company or Successor as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders (deficit) equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and the period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 (Successor) and the consolidated statements of operations, changes in equity, and cash flows of PCI Strategic Management, LLC (Predecessor) for the period from January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, year ended December 31, 2021 and the period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 (Successor) and the period from January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020 (Predecessor), in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 
 89 

BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 in thousands, except share and per share data 
 Successor December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021 
 Contract assets 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Non-current assets: 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Goodwill 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Right-of-use assets Deferred tax assets 
 Other non-current assets 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities and equity 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Short-term debt, including current portion of long-term debt 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Contract liabilities 
 Current portion of long-term lease liability Derivative liabilities Other current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 Non-current liabilities: 
 Long-term debt, net 
 Long-term lease liability Deferred tax liabilities 
 Other non-current liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note O) 
 Stockholders (deficit) equity: 
 Common stock, par value ; shares authorized and shares issued at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 ) Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Total stockholders (deficit) equity 
 ) Total liabilities and stockholders (deficit) equity 

The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 90 

BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 in thousands, except share and per share data 

Successor Predecessor Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 Period from January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020 Revenues 
 Cost of revenues 
 Gross margin 
 Operating expenses: 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Research and development 
 Restructuring charges Transaction expenses 
 Goodwill impairment Operating (loss) income ) ) ) Interest expense 
 Net (decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives 
 ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Other expense (Loss) income before taxes ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) Basic net loss per share 
 ) ) ) Diluted net loss per share 
 ) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 91 

BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 in thousands, except unit data 

For the Predecessor 2020 Period 
 
 Period from January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020 Class A Units Class B Units Members contribution Retained earnings Total members equity As of December 31, 2019 
 Net income 
 Equity-based compensation expense 
 Distributions 
 ) ) As of October 22, 2020 

The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 92 

BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 
 in thousands, except share data 
 
 For the Successor 2022 Period 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Common Stock Additional Treasury Accumulated Total stockholders Shares Amount paid-in capital stock deficit equity (deficit) As of December 31, 2021 ) Net loss ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Repurchase of shares as a result of Forward Share Purchase Agreements ) ) ) Issuance of common stock as consideration for the acquisition of ProModel Corporation Stock issued upon the exercise of warrants Issuance of shares purchased under ESPP Issuance of shares vested for RSUs As of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) For the Successor 2021 Period Year Ended December 31, 2021 Common Stock Additional Treasury Accumulated Total stockholders Shares Amount paid-in capital stock deficit equity As of December 31, 2020 (1) 
 ) Net loss ) ) Equity-based compensation expense GigCapital4 shares net of redemptions, including PIPE, warrant liability, and Merger costs As of December 31, 2021 ) 
 
 (1) shares of Common Stock to Company units) . 
 
 For the Successor 2020 Period 
 Period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 Common Stock Additional Accumulated Total stockholders Shares Amount paid-in capital deficit 
 equity As of May 22, 2020 
 Net loss 
 ) ) Parent s contributions (2) 
 Parent s contributions for acquisitions 
 As of December 31, 2020 
 ) 
 
 (2) shares of Common Stock to Company units). 
 
 The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 93 

BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASHFLOWS 
 in thousands 

Successor Predecessor Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 Period from January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net (loss) income ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 Equity-based compensation expense 
 Goodwill impairment Impairment of right-of-use assets Non-cash lease expense Provision for doubtful accounts 
 Deferred income tax (benefit) expense 
 ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Net (decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives 
 ) Loss on sale of property and equipment Changes in assets and liabilities: 
 (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable 
 ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in contract assets 
 ) ) Increase in prepaid expenses and other assets 
 ) ) ) ) Increase in accounts payable 
 (Decrease) increase in accrued liabilities 
 ) (Decrease) increase in contract liabilities 
 ) Increase in other liabilities 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 
 ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment 
 ) ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Proceeds from term loan 
 Repurchase of shares as a result of forward share purchase agreements ) Repayment of term loan ) Proceeds from promissory notes 
 Repayment of promissory notes 
 ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings 
 Repayment of short-term borrowings 
 ) ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes Proceeds from the Merger Payment of Merger transaction costs ) Payment of debt issuance costs to third parties 
 ) ) Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) Distributions to members 
 ) Parent s contribution 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the period 
 
 94 

BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASHFLOWS 
 in thousands 

 Successor Predecessor Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 Period from January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020 Cash paid during the period for: 
 Interest 
 Income taxes 
 Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: Issuance of common stock as consideration for the acquisition of ProModel Corporation Merger transaction costs paid included in accrued liabilities Merger costs settled through issuance of common stock Debt issuance costs settled through issuance of common stock Initial fair value of written put option at closing Initial fair value of private warrants at closing Parent units issued for acquisitions 
 Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the period 

The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Note A 
 
 following the consummation of the Merger, at which time they would have the right to sell the shares to the Company for per share. During the three months ended March 31, 2022 , the Company repurchased all shares of its common stock at the Investors request (refer to Note P Written Put Option for detail). 
 
 Upon the closing of the Merger, GigCapital4 was renamed to BigBear.ai, Holdings Inc., the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC registrant. As a result of the Merger, the Company received aggregate gross proceeds of from GigCapital4 s trust account and PIPE Proceeds, and issued of unsecured convertible notes that were convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at the initial Conversion Price of , subject to adjustment (refer to Note K Debt for detail). Proceeds from the Merger were partially used to fund the repayment of the Antares Loan and Merger transaction costs and other costs paid through the funds flow of , consisting of marketing, legal and other professional fees. 
 
 The Merger is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in which GigCapital4 is treated as the acquired company. For accounting purposes, the Merger is treated as the equivalent of BigBear.ai Holdings issuing equity for the net assets of GigCapital4 followed by a recapitalization. A reverse recapitalization does not result in a new basis of accounting, and the consolidated financial statements of the combined entity (BigBear.ai) represent the continuation of the consolidated financial statements of BigBear.ai Holdings in many respects. 
 
 Immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, but following the consummation of GigCapital4 s domestication to a Delaware corporation, the authorized capital stock of GigCapital4 consisted of shares, including (i) shares of common stock and (ii) shares of preferred stock. shares of common stock and shares of the preferred stock were outstanding as of December 31, 2021. At the effective time of the Merger, units of BigBear.ai Holdings were cancelled and automatically deemed for all purposes to represent the Parent s right to receive, in the aggregate, million in cash and shares in GigCapital4, and Parent exchanged its units of BigBear.ai Holdings for shares of BigBear.ai s common stock. In addition, shares of PIPE financing were issued and shares were issued to certain advisors. AE Industrial Partners, LP AE became the majority stockholder of the Company, via its ownership of PCISM Ultimate Holdings, LLC (subsequently renamed to BBAI Ultimate Holdings, LLC), following the close of the Merger ). 

Note B 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

97 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

98 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

99 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Furniture and fixtures 
 Laboratory equipment 
 - 
 Software 
 - 
 Leasehold improvements 
 or lease term 

100 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

101 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

for uncertain tax positions. 
 
 and , as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company provides credit to customers in the normal course of business. The carrying amount of current accounts receivable 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

operating and reportable segments, Cyber Engineering and Analytics, as the CODM reviews financial information presented for both segments on a disaggregated basis for purposes of making operating decisions, allocating resources, and evaluating financial performance. 
 
 Cyber Engineering 
 The Cyber Engineering segment provides high-end technology and management consulting services to its customers. This segment focuses in the areas of cloud engineering and enterprise IT, cybersecurity, computer network operations and wireless, systems engineering, strategy and program planning. The segment s primary solutions relate to the identification of cyber-attack risks and the development and deployment of customized solutions to mitigate those risks. 
 
 Analytics 
 The Analytics segment provides high-end technology and consulting services to its customers. This segment focuses on the areas of big data computing and analytical solutions, including predictive and prescriptive analytic software solutions. The segment s primary solutions assist customers in aggregating, interpreting, and synthesizing data to enable real-time decision-making capabilities. 
 
 The Predecessor operated as a single reportable operating segment of Cyber Engineering. 

costs were capitalized during the Successor 2022 Period, Successor 2021 Period, Successor 2020 Period, and Predecessor 2020 Period. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

right-of-use 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

lease liability on the Company s consolidated balance sheets upon adoption. Refer to Note L Leases for more information. 
 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations ASC 805 ), Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers ASU 2021-08 ). Upon the issuance of ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), which provides a single comprehensive accounting model on revenue recognition for contracts with customers, stakeholders indicated that there are differing views on whether the concept of a performance obligation introduced by ASC 606 should be used to determine whether a contract liability is recognized in a business combination from revenue contracts. Before the adoption date of ASC 606, a liability for deferred revenue was generally recognized in an acquirer s financial statements if it represented a legal obligation. The amendments in ASU 2021-08 address how to determine whether a contract liability is recognized by the acquirer in a business combination. Additionally, stakeholders raised questions about how to apply ASC 805 to contracts with a customer acquired in a business. Under current practice, the timing of payment for a revenue contract may subsequently affect the amount of post-acquisition revenue recognized by the acquirer. For example, if two revenue contracts with identical performance obligations are acquired but one contract is paid upfront before the acquisition and the other contract is paid over the contract term after the acquisition, the amount of revenue recognized by the acquirer after the business combination likely would differ between the two acquired contracts. The amendments in ASU 2021-08 resolve this inconsistency by providing specific guidance on how to recognize and measure acquired contract assets and contract liabilities from revenue contracts in a business combination. The new guidance will be effective for the years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company prospectively adopted ASU 2021-08 as of January 1, 2022. 

Note C 
 
 , net of tax benefits. As of December 31, 2022, of these cost had been settled. A liability reflecting unpaid employee separation costs of is presented on the consolidated balance sheets within other current liabilit ies. In addition, the Company vacated certain underutilized real estate leases and as a result recognized an impairment of the associated right-of-use assets of . Refer to Note L Leases for more information on the impairment. 
 
 Impairment of right-of-use assets Total restructuring charges 

Note D 
 
 of the equity interest of NuWave for cash and units of the Successor s Parent s equity Parent Units ). The acquisition supports the Company s growth in its offering of advanced data analytics. 
 
 The purchase agreement with the sellers of NuWave also stipulated that certain funds would be held in escrow Indemnification Escrow Deposit and Adjustment Escrow Deposit ), for the benefit of the seller. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of the Escrow Agreement, the Indemnification Escrow Amount of and the Adjustment Escrow Amount of shall be held in escrow until released in accordance with the purchase agreement and the Escrow Agreement. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Equity issued 
 Purchase consideration 
 Assets: 
 Cash 
 Accounts receivable 
 Other current assets 
 Contract assets 
 Deposits 
 Property and equipment 
 Intangible assets 
 Total assets acquired Liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Deferred tax liability 
 Total liabilities acquired Fair value of net identifiable assets acquired 
 Goodwill 

Customer relationships 
 Total intangible assets 

The fair value of the acquired technology was determined using the relief from royalty RFR method. The fair value of the acquired customer relationships was determined using the excess earnings method. 
 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination, whereby the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of identifiable net assets was allocated to goodwill. The goodwill reflects the potential synergies and expansion of the Company s offerings across product lines and markets complementary to its existing products and markets. For tax purposes, the goodwill related to the asset purchase is deductible. 
 
 The results of operations of NuWave for the period from June 19, 2020 to December 31, 2020 have been included in the results of operations for the Successor 2020 Period; the post-acquisition net revenues and net loss included in the Successor 2020 Period were and , respectively. The acquisition-related costs included in transaction expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the Successor 2020 Period were . 
 
 PCI Acquisition 
 
 On October 23, 2020, the Successor acquired of the equity interest of PCI for cash and units of the Successor s Parent s equity. The acquisition supports the Company s growth in its offering of cybersecurity, cloud and system engineering. 
 
 The purchase agreement with the sellers of PCI also stipulated that certain funds would be held in escrow Adjustment Escrow Deposit and Indemnity Escrow Amount ), for the benefit of the sellers. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of the Escrow Agreement, the Indemnification Escrow Amount of and the Adjustment Escrow Amount of shall be held in escrow until released in accordance with the purchase agreement and the Escrow Agreement. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Equity issued 
 Purchase consideration 
 Assets: 
 Cash 
 Accounts receivable 
 Contract assets 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Property and equipment 
 Other non-current assets 
 Intangible assets 
 Total assets acquired Liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Deferred tax liability 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Total liabilities acquired Fair value of net identifiable assets acquired 
 Goodwill 

A measurement period adjustment increasing accrued liabilities and goodwill by was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The fair value of the acquired customer relationships was determined using the excess earnings method. 
 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination, whereby the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of identifiable net assets was allocated to goodwill. The goodwill reflects the potential synergies and expansion of the Company s offerings across product lines and markets complementary to its existing products and markets. For tax purposes, the goodwill related to the asset purchase is deductible. 
 
 The results of operations of PCI for the period from October 23, 2020 to December 31, 2020 have been included in the results of operations for the Successor 2020 Period; the post-acquisition net revenues and net income included in the Successor 2020 Period were and , respectively. The acquisition-related costs included in transaction expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the Successor 2020 Period were . 
 
 Open Solutions Acquisition 
 
 On December 2, 2020, the Company acquired of the equity interest of Open Solutions for cash and units of the Successor s Parent s equity. The acquisition supports the Company s growth in its offering of advanced data analytics. 
 
 The purchase agreement with the sellers of Open Solutions also stipulated that certain funds would be held in escrow Indemnification Escrow Deposit , Adjustment Escrow Deposit and Representative Expense Fund ), for the benefit of the sellers. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of the Escrow Agreement, the Indemnification Escrow Amount of 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

, the Adjustment Escrow Amount of and Representative Expense Fund shall be held in escrow until released in accordance with purchase agreement and the Escrow Agreement. 
 
 Equity issued 
 Purchase consideration 
 Assets: 
 Cash 
 Accounts receivable 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Property and equipment 
 Other non-current assets 
 Intangible assets 
 Total assets acquired Liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Deferred tax liability 
 Other non-current liabilities 
 Total liabilities acquired Fair value of net identifiable assets acquired 
 Goodwill 

Customer relationships 
 Total intangible assets 

The fair value of the acquired technology was determined using the RFR method. The fair value of the acquired customer relationships was determined using the excess earnings method. 
 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination, whereby the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of identifiable net assets was allocated to goodwill. The goodwill reflects the potential synergies and expansion of the Company s offerings across product lines and markets complementary to its existing products and markets. For tax purposes, the goodwill related to the asset purchase is deductible. 
 
 The results of operations of Open Solutions for the period from December 2, 2020 to December 31, 2020 have been included in the results of operations for the Successor 2020 Period; the post-acquisition net revenues and net income included in the Successor 2020 Period were and , respectively. The acquisition-related costs included in transaction expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the Successor 2020 Period were . 
 
 ProModel Acquisition 
 
 On December 21, 2020, the Successor acquired of the equity interest of ProModel for cash. The acquisition supports the Company s growth in its offering of advanced data analytics. 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

and PPP Escrow Amount shall be held in escrow until released in accordance with purchase agreement and the Escrow Agreement. 
 
 Assets: 
 Cash 
 Accounts receivable 
 Other receivables 
 Contract assets 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Property and equipment 
 Other non-current assets 
 Intangible assets 
 Total assets acquired Liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Contract liabilities 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Total liabilities acquired Fair value of net identifiable assets acquired 
 Goodwill 

Customer relationships 
 Total intangible assets 

A measurement period adjustment increasing accrued liabilities and goodwill by was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The fair value of the acquired technology was determined using the RFR method. The fair value of the acquired customer relationships was determined using the excess earnings method. 
 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination, whereby the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of identifiable net assets was allocated to goodwill. The goodwill reflects the potential synergies and expansion of the Company s offerings across product lines and markets complementary to its existing products and markets. For tax purposes, the goodwill is deductible. 
 
 The results of operations of ProModel for the period from December 21, 2020 to December 31, 2020 have been included in the results of operations for the Successor 2020 Period; the post-acquisition net revenues and net income included in the Successor 2020 Period were and , respectively. The acquisition-related costs included in transaction expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the Successor 2020 Period were . 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

of the equity interest in ProModel Corporation ProModel Co rporation ), a leader in simulation-based predictive and prescriptive analytic software for process improvement enabling organizations to make better decisions, for approximately million, subject to certain adjustments. This acquisition complements the Company s previous acquisition of ProModel, which closed on December 21, 2020. The acquisition was funded through a combination of cash on hand and the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock. ProModel Corporation is aligned under the Company s Analytics business segment. 
 
 The purchase agreement with the sellers of ProModel Corporation also stipulates that certain funds would be held in escrow Indemnity Escrow Deposit , Distribution Withholding Deposit , and Adjustment Escrow Deposit ), for the benefit of the seller. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of the Escrow Agreement, the Adjustment Escrow Amount of , the Distribution Withholding Escrow Amount of , and the Indemnity Escrow Amount of shall be held in escrow until released in accordance with the purchase agreement and the Escrow Agreement. 
 
 Equity issued Purchase consideration Assets: Cash Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Contract assets Property and equipment Other non-current assets Intangible assets Total assets acquired Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Contract liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities acquired Fair value of net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill 
 
 Customer relationships Total intangible assets 
 
 The acquired technology and customer relationship intangible assets have a weighted-average estimated useful lives of years and years, respectively. 
 
 The amounts above represent the current preliminary fair value estimates as the measurement period is still open as of December 31, 2022. The Company is refining tax positions that existed at the date of the acquisition. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Net loss ) ) Transaction expenses 
 
 The amounts included in the pro forma information are based on the historical results and do not necessarily represent what would have occurred if all the business combinations had taken place as o f January 1, 2021, n or do they represent the results that may occur in the future. Accordingly, the pro forma financial information should not be relied upon as being indicative of the results that would have been realized had the acquisition occurred as of the date indicated or that may be achieved in the future. 
 
 The Company incurred of transaction expenses attributable to the acquisition of ProModel Corporation during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Note E 
 
 Written put options Derivative liabilities December 31, 2021 Balance Sheet Caption Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Private warrants Other non-current liabilities Written put options Derivative liabilities 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Additions Changes in fair value ) Settlements December 31, 2021 Additions Changes in fair value ) ) Settlements ) ) December 31, 2022 

Note F 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Office equipment 
 Software 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Property and equipment, net 

The table below presents depreciation expense related to property and equipment for the following periods: 
 Successor Predecessor Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 Period from January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020 Depreciation expense on property and equipment 

Note G 
 
 , which is included within the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company identified factors indicating that the fair value of the Analytics reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount. These factors were related to current macroeconomic headwinds, delays in contract awards, and changes to previously anticipated growth rates. This resulted in lower revenues than anticipated during the period and caused future revenue projections to be revised. As a result, the Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment, as described further below, and concluded that the carrying value of the Analytics reporting unit exceeded its fair value and accordingly the Company recorded a non-tax-deductible goodwill impairment charge of 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

, which is included within the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company utilized a combination of the discounted cash flow DCF method of the Income Approach and the Market Approach. Under the Income Approach, the future cash flows of the Company s reporting units were projected based on estimates of future revenues, gross margins, operating income, excess net working capital, capital expenditures, and other factors. The Company utilized estimated revenue growth rates and cash flow projections. The discount rates utilized in the DCF method were based on a weighted-average cost of capital WACC determined from relevant market comparisons and adjusted for specific reporting unit risks and capital structure. A terminal value estimated growth rate was applied to the final year of the projected period and reflected the Company s estimate of perpetual growth. The Company then calculated the present value of the respective cash flows for each reporting unit to arrive at an estimate of fair value under the Income Approach. The Market Approach is comprised of the Guideline Public Company and the Guideline Transactions Methods. The Guideline Public Company Method focuses on comparing the Company to selected reasonably similar (or guideline) publicly traded companies. Under this method, valuation multiples were: (i) derived from the operating data of selected guideline companies; (ii) evaluated and adjusted based on the strengths and weaknesses of the Company relative to the selected guideline companies; and (iii) applied to the operating data of the Company to arrive at an indication of value. In the Guideline Transactions Method, consideration was given to prices paid in recent transactions that had occurred in the Company s industry or in related industries. The Company then reconciled the estimated fair value of its reporting units to its total public market capitalization as of the valuation date. 
 
 Measurement period adjustment - PCI Measurement period adjustment - ProModel As of December 31, 2021 Goodwill arising from the ProModel Corporation acquisition Goodwill impairment ) ) ) As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Accumulated impairment losses to goodwill were as of December 31, 2022, of which relates to the Cyber Engineering reporting unit and relates to the Analytics reporting unit . 

Note H 
 
 ) Technology ) Total ) December 31, 2021 Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization Net carrying amount Weighted average useful life in years Customer relationships ) Technology ) Total ) 

113 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total estimated amortization expense 

Note I 
 
 Prepaid expenses Prepaid taxes Pre-contract costs (1) 
 Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 (1) Costs incurred to fulfill a contract in advance of the contract being awarded are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets if we determine that those costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that we can specifically identify and contract award is probable, the costs generate or enhance resources that will be used in satisfying performance obligations, and the costs are recoverable (referred to as pre-contract costs) . 
 
 Pre-contract costs that are initially capitalized in prepaid assets and other current assets are generally recognized as cost of revenues consistent with the transfer of products or services to the customer upon the receipt of the anticipated contract. All other pre-contract costs, including start-up costs, are expensed as incurred. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and of pre-contract costs were included in prepaid expenses and other current assets, respectively. 

Note J 
 Accrued interest 
 Other accrued expenses Total accrued liabilities 

114 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Note K 
 
 The table below presents the Company s debt balances: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Convertible Notes Bank of America Senior Revolver D O Financing Loan Total debt Less: unamortized issuance costs Total debt, net Less: current portion Long-term debt, net 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 
 Upon consummation of the Merger, the Company issued million of unsecured convertible notes (the Convertible Notes to certain investors. The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually, and not including any interest payments that are settled with the issuance of shares, were initially convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at an initial Conversion Price of . The Conversion Price is subject to adjustments. On May 29, 2022, pursuant to the Convertible Note indenture, the conversion rate applicable to the Convertible Notes was adjusted to (previously shares of common stock per principal amount of Convertible Notes because the average of the daily volume-weighted average price of the common stock during the preceding trading days was less than (the Conversion Rate Reset ). After giving effect to the Conversion Rate Reset, the Conversion Price is and the Convertible Notes are convertible into shares, not including any interest payments that are settled with the issuance of shares. The Convertible Note financing matures on December 15, 2026. 
 
 The Company may, at its election, force conversion of the Convertible Notes after December 15, 2022 and prior to October 7, 2026 if the trading price of the Company s common stock exceeds of the conversion price for out of the preceding trading days and the -day average daily trading volume ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to million for the first after the initial issuance of the Convertible Notes and million thereafter. Upon such conversion, the Company will be obligated to pay all regularly scheduled interest payments, if any, due on the converted Convertible Notes on each interest payment date occurring after the conversion date for such conversion to, but excluding, the maturity date (such interest payments, an Interest Make-Whole Payments ). In the event that a holder of the Convertible Notes elects to convert the Convertible Notes (a) prior to December 15, 2024, the Company will be obligated to pay an amount equal to of interest or (b) on or after December 15, 2024 but prior to December 15, 2025, any accrued and unpaid interest plus any remaining amounts that would be owed up to, but excluding, December 15, 2025. The Interest Make-Whole Payments will be payable in cash or shares of the common stock at the Company s election, as set forth in the Indenture. 
 
 Following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date or if the Company exercises its mandatory conversion right in connection with such corporate events, the conversion rate will be increased in certain circumstances for a holder who elects, or has been forced, to convert its Convertible Notes in connection with such corporate events. 
 
 If a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Convertible Note indenture) occurs prior to the maturity date, holders of the Convertible Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or any portion of their Convertible Notes in principal amounts of dollars or an integral multiple thereof, at a repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 
 
 The Convertible Notes require the Company to meet certain financial and other covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 
 On May 29, 2022, pursuant to the conversion rate adjustment provisions in the Convertible Note indenture, the Conversion Price was adjusted to (or shares of common stock per dollars of principal amount of Convertible Notes). 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

shares, not including any interest payments that are settled with the issuance of shares. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has an outstanding balance of million related to the Convertible Notes, which is recorded on the balance sheet net of approximately million of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 
 Bank of America Senior Revolver 
 
 The Company is party to a senior credit agreement with Bank of America, N.A. (the Bank of America Credit Agreement ), entered into on December 7, 2021 (the Closing Date ), subsequently amended on November 8, 2022, providing the Company with a million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Senior Revolver ). Proceeds from the Senior Revolver will be used to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes. The Senior Revolver matures on December 7, 2025 (the Maturity Date ). 
 
 The Senior Revolver is secured by a pledge of of the equity of certain of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries and a security interest in substantially all of the Company s tangible and intangible assets. The Senior Revolver includes borrowing capacity available for letters of credit and for borrowings on same-day notice, referred to as the swing loans. Any issuance of letters of credit or making of a swing loan will reduce the amount available under the revolving credit facility. The Company may increase the commitments under the Senior Revolver in an aggregate amount of up to the greater of million or of consolidated adjusted EBITDA plus any additional amounts so long as certain conditions, including compliance with the applicable financial covenants for such period, in each case on a pro forma basis, are satisfied. 
 
 As of the Closing Date, borrowings under the Senior Revolver bear interest, at the Company s option, at: 
 (i) A Base Rate plus a Base Rate Margin of . Base Rate is a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the higher of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus , (b) the prime rate of Bank of America, N.A., and (c) Bloomberg Short-Term Yield Index BSBY Rate plus ; or 
 (ii) The BSBY Rate plus a BSBY Margin of . 
 
 The Base Rate Margin and BSBY Margin became subject to adjustment based on the Company s Secured Net Leverage Ratio after March 31, 2022. The Company is also required to pay unused commitment fees and letter of credit fees under the Bank of America Credit Agreement. The Second Amendment (defined below) increased the Base Rate Margin, BSBY Margin and unused commitment fees by . 
 
 The Bank of America Credit Agreement requires the Company to meet certain financial and other covenants. The Company was not in compliance with the Fixed Charge Coverage ratio requirement as of June 30, 2022, and as a result was unable to draw on the facility. The Company notified Bank of America N.A. of the covenant violation, and on August 9, 2022, entered into the First Amendment (the First Amendment to the Bank of America Credit Agreement, which, among other things, waived the requirement that the Company demonstrate compliance with the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage ratio provided for in the Credit Agreement for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 The Company was not in compliance with the Fixed Charge Coverage ratio requirement as of September 30, 2022, and as a result was unable to draw on the facility. On November 8, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to the Bank of America Credit Agreement (the Second Amendment ), which modifies key terms of the Senior Revolver. As a result of the Second Amendment, funds available under the Senior Revolver are reduced to million from million, limited to a borrowing base of of Eligible Prime Government Receivables and Eligible Subcontractor Government Receivables, plus of Eligible Commercial Receivables. Additionally, the Second Amendment increased the Base Rate Margin, BSBY Margin and unused commitment fees by . Following entry into the Second Amendment, the Senior Revolver no longer is subject to a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage ratio covenant. In order for the facility to become available for borrowings (the initial availability quarter ), the Company must report Adjusted EBITDA of at least one dollar. Commencing on the first fiscal quarter after the initial availability quarter, the Company is required to have aggregated reported Adjusted EBITDA of at least 1 over the two preceding quarters to maintain its ability to borrow under the Senior Revolver (though the inability to satisfy such condition does not result in a default under the Senior Revolver). 
 
 Failure to meet these Adjusted EBITDA requirements is not deemed to be a default but will limit the Company s ability to make borrowings under the Senior Revolver until such time that the Company is able meet the Adjusted EBITDA thresholds as defined 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

as of December 31, 2022, are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets and are presented in other non-current assets. 
 
 D O Financing Loan 
 
 On December 8, 2021, the Company entered into a loan (the D O Financing Loan with AFCO Credit Corporation to finance the Company s directors and officers insurance premium through December 2022. The D O Financing Loan had an interest rate of per annum and a maturity date of December 8, 2022. 
 
 On December 8, 2022, the Company entered into a loan (the 2023 D O Financing Loan with AFCO Credit Corporation to finance the Company s directors and officers insurance premium through December 2023. The 2023 D O Financing Loan required an upfront payment of and has an interest rate of per annum and a maturity date of December 8, 2023. 

Note L 
 
 to per annum and remaining lease terms of up to , some of which include renewal options that could extend certain leases to up to an additional . 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 
 The table below presents rent expense under all leases for the following periods: 
 Successor Predecessor Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 Period from January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020 Rent expense 

Rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes of short-term lease costs and of variable lease costs. 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations - non-cash activity 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: amounts related to imputed interest ) Present value of future minimum lease payments Less: current portion of long-term lease liability Long-term lease liability 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company vacated certain underutilized real estate leases as a result of its continued efforts to consolidate administrative functions and reduce overhead costs. The Company intends to sublease certain of these leases (where practicable and contractually permitted), and as of December 31, 2022, had subleased of the vacated real estate leases and recognized of sublease income on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The decision to vacate these real estate leases is considered an indicator of impairment of the right-of-use asset. The Company utilized a discounted cash flow to estimate the fair value as of the date each lease was vacated. This included, amongst other inputs, estimating future sublease income through the end of each remaining lease term (where contractually permitted). These cash flows were discounted using a risk-adjusted risk-free rate. The carrying value of the right-of-use assets exceeded its estimated fair value and as a result, the Company recognized an impairment expense of , which is presented in restructuring charges on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Note M 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 
 
 ) Total Federal ) ) State: 
 Current 
 Deferred 
 ) ) ) Total State ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense 
 ) ) ) ) State income tax, net of federal tax benefit 
 ) ) ) Class B Incentive Unit equity-based compensation Valuation allowance Net (decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives 
 ) Goodwill impairment Transaction expenses 
 Other permanent differences 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) Effective tax rate ) 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Interest carryforwards 
 Amortizable transaction costs Accrued expenses 
 Deferred rent 
 Equity-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Lease liabilities Section 174 costs Other assets 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 Valuation allowance 
 ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Prepaid expenses 
 Right-of-use assets Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has of U.S. federal net operating losses, all of which can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has of U.S. state net operating losses which will begin to expire in 2031. 
 
 A valuation allowance is provided for deferred income tax assets when it is more likely than not that future tax benefits will not be realized. The Company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be established against deferred tax assets based upon consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. This assessment considers, among other matters, the Company s history of losses, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, the Company s experience with tax attributes expiring, impacts of enacted changes in tax laws and tax planning strategies, and the taxable income generated through the future reversals of deferred tax liabilities. In making such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. After analyzing all available evidence, the Company determined it was more likely that it would be not able to utilize all of its deferred tax assets, and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. The Company had valuation allowances against net deferred tax assets of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The valuation allowance of was initially established during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the increase of in the valuation allowance was primarily attributable to a net increase in our deferred tax assets resulting from net operating losses, section 174 capitalization, and goodwill impairment. 
 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of and , respectively. The unrecognized tax benefit was recorded as a reduction in our gross deferred tax assets, offset by a corresponding reduction in our valuation allowance. None of the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate because of the valuation allowance. There are interest and penalties associated with the unrecognized tax benefits. We are subject to income taxes only in the United States, and all tax years since the Company s inception are open for examination. 
 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Increases related to positions taken on prior year items 
 Unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 

Note N 
 
 qualified 401(k) plans for its U.S. employees: the PCI 401(k) plan, the NuWave 401(k) plan and the Open Solutions 401(k) plan. 

Note O 

Note P 
 
 following the consummation of the Merger, at which time they would have the right to sell the shares to the Company for per share (the Written Put Option ). The Investors had the right to sell shares on the open market before the end of the period provided that the share price was at least per share. If the Investors sold any shares in the open market within the first month of the period and at a price greater than per share, the Company would pay the Investors per share sold. 
 
 Tenor Glazer Investors Total shares 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

shares of its common stock at the Investors request. Certain of the Investors requested for their shares to be repurchased prior to the end of the period at a reduced price per share. As a result, shares were repurchased at per share during the first quarter of 2022. Of the previously presented as restricted cash on the Company s consolidated balance sheets on December 31, 2021, was released from the escrow account to settle the obligation to Investors and the remaining was reclassified to cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 Exercise price 
 Common stock price 
 Expected option term (in years) 
 Expected volatility 
 Risk-free rate of return 
 Expected annual dividend yield 

As of December 31, 2021, the Written Put Option had a fair value of and was presented on the consolidated balance sheet as a derivative liability. During the three months ended March 31, 2022, the derivative liability was remeasured to its intrinsic value at each date that the underlying shares were repurchased. The resulting gain of was presented in net (decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The intrinsic value of the Written Put Option upon settlement was and was recognized directly in equity. 

Note Q 
 
 Common stock par value per share Common stock outstanding at the period end 
 
 Treasury Stock 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares at a cost of to settle the Company s obligations under the FPAs. These shares are measured at cost and presented as treasury stock on the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of stockholders (deficit) equity. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Company s preferred stock or any class or series of stock having a preference over or the right to participate with the Company s common stock with respect to the payment of dividends, dividends may be declared and paid ratably on the Company s common stock out of the assets of the Corporation that are legally available for this purpose at such times and in such amounts as the Company s Board in its discretion shall determine. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. 
 
 Conversion or Redemption Rights 
 
 The Company s common stock is neither convertible nor redeemable. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 Upon the Company s liquidation, the holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive prorata the Company s assets that are legally available for distribution, after payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any holders of the Company s preferred stock then outstanding. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred stock par value per share Preferred stock outstanding at the period end 
 
 The Company s Board may, without further action by the Company s stockholders, from time to time, direct the issuance of shares of preferred stock in series and may, at the time of issuance, determine the designations, powers, preferences, privileges and relative participating, optional or special rights as well as the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of the Company s common stock. Satisfaction of any dividend preferences of outstanding shares of the Company s preferred stock would reduce the amount of funds available for the payment of dividends on shares of the Company s common stock. Upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office, the Company s Board may issue shares of the Company s preferred stock with voting and conversion rights which could adversely affect the holders of shares of the Company s common stock. 

Note R 
 
 share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. The warrants will expire on December 7, 2026, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 
 The Company may call the public warrants for redemption as follows: (1) in whole and not in part; (2) at a price of per warrant; (3) upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; (4) if there is an effective registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus available throughout the -day notice period; and (5) only if the last reported closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 
 If the Company calls the public warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Company public warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 
 
 The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including stock dividends, stock splits, extraordinary dividends, consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of the Company s common stock or other similar event. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrant shares. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

and public warrants issued and outstanding, respectively. 
 
 Private Warrants 
 
 The terms and provisions of the public warrants above also apply to the private warrants. If the private warrants are held by holders other than GigAcquisitions4, LLC Sponsor ), Oppenheimer Co. Inc. and Nomura Securities International, Inc. (together, the Underwriters ), or any respective permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the public warrants. The Sponsor, the Underwriters, and any respective permitted transferees have the option to exercise the private warrants on a cashless basis. 
 
 Exercise price Common stock price Expected option term (in years) Expected volatility Risk-free rate of return Expected annual dividend yield 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the private warrants have a fair value of and are presented on the consolidated balance sheets within other non-current liabilit ies. The gain of was recognized as a result of the change in fair value for the year ended December 31, 2022, are presented in net (decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and private warrants issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Note S 
 
 Class B Units to a Member in consideration for the Member s services to the Predecessor, subject to terms and conditions stated in the profits interest grant agreement. The Class B Units granted upon full vesting represented percent interest in the Predecessor. The Class B Units were non-voting profits interest which were subject to vesting and other restrictions. According to the vesting schedule, Units vested on June 11, 2019 and Units would vest on January 1, 2024. The Class B Units shall have the same voting rights as the Class A Members beginning on January 1, 2024. 
 
 The Class B Units granted had a service condition only, and equity-based compensation for the Class B Units was recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The grant date fair value per unit of the Class B Units was which was measured used the Black-Scholes Merton Option Pricing Model. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 Expected time to exit (years) 

124 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Granted during the year 
 Vested during the year 
 ) Forfeited during the year 
 Unvested as of December 31, 2019 
 Unvested as of October 22, 2020 

Unvested Class B Units became fully vested and were settled for of the purchase consideration on the PCI acquisition as of October 23, 2020. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Predecessor 2020 Period included of equity-based compensation related to Class B Units. 
 
 Class A Units granted to Board of Directors 
 
 Prior to the Merger, certain members of the Board of Directors of the Company had elected to receive compensation for their services as a board member in stock, Class A units of the Parent. The number of units granted by the Parent were determined by dividing the compensation payable for the quarter by the fair value of the Class A units at the end of each respective quarter. Class A units were granted to the Board of Directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. The total value of the Class A units granted to such Board of Directors for the year ended December 31, 2021 was , and is reflected in the selling, general and administrative expenses within the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Class B Unit Incentive Plan 
 
 In February 2021, the Company s Parent adopted a compensatory benefit plan (the Class B Unit Incentive Plan to provide incentives to directors, managers, officers, employees, consultants, advisors, and/or other service providers of the Company s Parent or its Subsidiaries in the form of the Parent s Class B Units Incentive Units ). Incentive Units have a participation threshold of and are divided into tranches Tranche I, Tranche II, and Tranche III ). Tranche I Incentive Units are subject to performance-based, service-based, and market-based conditions. The grant date fair value for the Incentive Units was per unit. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected time to exit (in years) 
 
 On July 29, 2021, the Company s Parent amended the Class B Unit Incentive Plan so that the Tranche I and the Tranche III Incentive Units immediately became fully vested, subject to continued employment or provision of services, upon the closing of the transaction stipulated in the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement dated June 4, 2021. The Company s Parent also amended the Class B Unit Incentive Plan so that the Tranche II Incentive Units will vest on any liquidation event, as defined in the Class B Unit Incentive Plan, rather than only upon the occurrence of an Exit Sale, subject to the market-based condition stipulated in the Class B Unit Incentive Plan prior to its amendment. 
 
 Equity-based compensation for awards with performance conditions is based on the probable outcome of the related performance condition. The performance conditions required to vest per the amended Incentive Plan remain improbable until they occur due to the unpredictability of the events required to meet the vesting conditions. As such events are not considered probable until they occur, recognition of equity-based compensation for the Incentive Units is deferred until the vesting conditions are met. Once the 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

per unit. 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected time to exit (in years) 
 
 The volatility used in the determination of the fair value of the Incentive Units was based on analysis of the historical volatility of guideline public companies and factors specific to the Successor . 
 
 On December 7, 2021, the previously announced Merger was consummated. As a result, the Tranche I and Tranche III Incentive Units immediately became fully vested and the performance condition for the Tranche II Incentive Units was met. The fair value determined at the date of the amendment of the Class B Unit Incentive Plan was immediately recognized as compensation expense on the vesting date for Tranches I and III. Compensation expense for the Tranche II Incentive Units is recognized over the derived service period of months from the modification date. The remaining compensation expense for the Tranche II Incentive Units will be recognized over the remaining service period of approximately months. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s Parent modified the vesting conditions for former employees. Under the original terms of the grant agreements, Incentive Units are forfeited upon separation. Due to the amended agreement, the Incentive Units held by the former employees are no longer contingent upon service and are considered vested as of the separation dates. The former employees will not receive the awards until the market condition is achieved. The result of the amended agreement is an accounting modification that resulted in of the compensation expense being recognized for the former employees based on the modification date fair value. The incremental compensation cost recognized as a result of the modification was ) during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Equity-based compensation expense in cost of revenues Total compensation expense 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation costs related to Tranche II Incentive Units, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of years. 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

. The Stock Options vest over with vesting on the one year anniversary of the grant date and then per each quarter thereafter during years two, three and four. Vesting is contingent upon continued employment or service to the Company and is accelerated in the event of death, disability, or a change in control, subject to certain conditions; both the vested and unvested portion of a Grantee s Stock Options will be immediately forfeited and cancelled if the Grantee ceases employment or service to the Company. The Stock Options expire on the th anniversary of the grant date. 
 
 Price of common stock on the grant date Expected option term (in years) Expected volatility (1) 
 Risk-free rate of return Expected annual dividend yield Fair value of the Stock Options on the grant date 
 (1) Expected volatility is based on a combination of implied and historical equity volatility of selected reasonably similar publicly traded companies. 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited Expired Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The Stock Options had intrinsic value as of December 31, 2022. The Company recognizes equity-based compensation expense for the Stock Options equal to the fair value of the awards on a straight-line basis over the service based vesting period. As of 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

of unrecognized compensation costs related to the Stock Options, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of years. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, pursuant to the Plan, the Company s Board of Directors communicated the key terms and committed to grant Restricted Stock Units RSUs to certain employees and nonemployee directors. The Company granted RSUs to employees during the year ended December 31, 2022. RSUs granted to employees generally vest over , with vesting on the one year anniversary of the grant date and then per each quarter thereafter during years two, three and four. RSUs granted to nonemployee directors vest on the anniversary of the grant date. Vesting of RSUs is accelerated in the event of death, disability, or a change in control, subject to certain conditions 
 
 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested as of December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , there was of unrecognized compensation costs related to the RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of years. 
 
 Performance Stock Units 
 
 Pursuant to the Plan, the Company s Board of Directors communicated the key terms and committed to grant Performance Stock Units PSUs to certain employees. The percentage of vesting is based on achieving certain performance criteria during each respective measurement period, provided that the employees remain in continuous service on each vesting date. Vesting will not occur unless a minimum performance criteria threshold is achieved. 
 
 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested as of December 31, 2021 Granted Vested Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, it was not considered probable that the performance conditions of the PSUs would be achieved. As a result, any equity-based compensation expense previously recognized for the PSUs was reversed. Equity-based compensation of was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

common shares (subject to annual increases on January 1 of each year and ending in 2031) of the Company s common stock for grants under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2022 , shares had been sold under the ESPP and the Company has withheld employee contributions of , which are presented on the consolidated balance sheets within other current liabilit ies. 
 
 Equity-based compensation expense related to purchase rights issued under the ESPP is based on the Black-Scholes OPM fair value of the estimated number of awards as of the beginning of the offering period. Equity-based compensation expense is recognized using the straight-line method over the offering period. 
 
 Expected term (in years) Expected volatility (1) 
 Risk-free rate of return Expected annual dividend yield Fair value of the award on the grant date 
 (1) Expected volatility is based on a combination of implied and historical equity volatility of selected reasonably similar publicly traded companies. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation costs related to the ESPP, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of years. 
 
 Equity-based Compensation Expense 
 
 Equity-based compensation expense in cost of revenues Equity-based compensation expense in research and development Total equity-based compensation expense 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Note T ) ) Denominator: 
 Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 Basic and diluted net loss per Share 

As of December 31, 2022 , there were outstanding Stock Options to purchase shares of common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of , outstanding private warrants and public warrants to convert to shares and shares, respectively, of common stock at a price of per share, convertible notes to convert to shares of common stock at a conversion price of , ESPP contributions for the option to acquire shares of common stock, and outstanding restricted stock units and performance stock units representing the right to receive shares and shares of common stock, respectively. Because of the net loss incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, the impacts of dilutive instruments would have been anti-dilutive for the period presented and have been excluded from loss per share calculations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, there were outstanding Stock Options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of , outstanding private warrants and public warrants to convert to shares and shares, respectively, of common stock at a price of per share, convertible notes to convert to shares of common stock at an initial conversion price of , written put options for shares of common stock at a price of per share, and outstanding restricted stock units and performance stock units representing the right to receive shares and shares of common stock, respectively. The effects of these dilutive instruments were not presented for the Successor 2021 Period as the effects would be anti-dilutive. There were potentially dilutive common stock instruments for the Successor 2020 Period. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2023, the Company issued shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase up to an additional shares of Common Stock under a private placement. Refer to Note X Subsequent Events for more information. 

Note U 
 
 Firm fixed price 
 Cost-reimbursable 
 Total revenues 

The majority of the Company s revenue is recognized over time. Revenue derived from contracts that recognize revenue at a point in time was insignificant for all periods presented. 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Customer B 
 Customer C 
 Customer D (1) 
 Customer E (1) 
 All others 
 Total revenues 

Successor 2021 Period 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Cyber Engineering Analytics Total Percent of total revenues Customer A 
 Customer B 
 Customer C (1) 
 Customer D (1) 
 Customer E (1) 
 All others 
 Total revenues 

Successor 2020 Period 
 Period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 Cyber Engineering Analytics Total Percent of total revenues Customer A 
 Customer B 
 Customer C (1) 
 Customer D 
 Customer E 
 All others 
 Total revenues 

Predecessor 2020 Period Period from January 1, 2020 through October 22, 2020 Total (2) 
 Percent of total revenues Customer A 
 Customer B 
 All others 
 Total revenues 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Contract Balances 
 
 Contract liabilities 

The change in contract assets between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by services rendered for Analytics customers that are yet to be invoiced. The change in contract liability balances between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by services performed for an Analytics customer that had a large contract liability balance at December 31, 2021. Revenue recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022 that was included in the contract liability balance as of December 31, 2021 was . 
 
 When the Company s estimate of total costs to be incurred to satisfy a performance obligation exceeds the expected revenue, the Company recognizes the loss immediately. When the Company determines that a change in estimate has an impact on the associated profit of a performance obligation, the Company records the cumulative positive or negative adjustment in the consolidated statements of operations . Changes in estimates and assumptions related to the status of certain long-term contracts may have a material effect on the Company s operating results. 
 
 Net EAC Adjustments, net of income taxes Net EAC Adjustments, net of income taxes, per diluted share 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 The Company includes in its computation of remaining performance obligations customer orders for which it has accepted signed sales orders and generally includes the funded and unfunded components of contracts that have been awarded. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations wa s million. The Company expects to recognize approximately of its remaining performance obligations as revenue within the next 12 months and the bal ance thereafter. 

Note V 
 
 operating and reportable segments, Cyber Engineering and Analytics, as the Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM reviews financial information presented for both segments on a disaggregated basis for purposes of making operating decisions, allocating resources, and evaluating financial performance. 
 
 Adjusted gross margin is the primary measure of segment profitability used by the CODM to assess performance and to allocate resources to the segments. Research and development costs incurred that generate marketable intellectual property IP and equity-based compensation are added back to the gross margin to derive the adjusted gross margin. Certain customer contracts that generate lower gross margin (revenue less direct costs including fringe and overheard costs) than the thresholds set by management are accepted as the work performed for these customer contracts also simultaneously generates reusable code and 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Segment adjusted gross margin 
 Segment adjusted gross margin 
 Research and development costs excluded from segment adjusted gross margin 
 ) Equity-based compensation excluded from segment adjusted gross margin 
 ) Operating expenses: 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Research and development 
 Restructuring charges Transaction expenses 
 Goodwill impairment Operating loss 
 ) Net (decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives ) Interest expense 
 Other expense Loss before taxes 
 ) Successor Year Ended December 31, 2021 Cyber Engineering Analytics Total Revenues 
 Segment adjusted gross margin 
 Segment adjusted gross margin 
 Research and development costs excluded from segment adjusted gross margin 
 ) Equity-based compensation excluded from segment adjusted gross margin ) Operating expenses: 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Research and development 
 Restructuring charges Transaction expenses 
 Goodwill impairment Operating loss ) Net (decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives Loss on extinguishment of debt Interest expense 
 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

Loss before taxes ) Successor Period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020 Cyber Engineering Analytics Total Revenues Segment adjusted gross margin Segment adjusted gross margin Research and development costs excluded from segment adjusted gross margin ) Equity-based compensation excluded from segment adjusted gross margin Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Restructuring charges Transaction expenses Goodwill impairment Operating loss ) Net (decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives Loss on extinguishment of debt Interest expense Other expense Loss before taxes ) 

The Predecessor 2020 Period comprises a single reportable segment. As a result, segment reporting for that period is not presented. 

Note W 
 
 , and during the year ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and the period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020, respectively. Following consummation of the Merger, the Company no longer receives consulting services from AE or its affiliates. 
 
 On February 4, 2021, the Company signed a teaming agreement with Gryphon Technologies, an affiliate of AE, to develop the best management and technical approach for certain solicitations with the DHS. Gryphon Technologies was acquired by ManTech International Corporation on December 10, 2021 and subsequent to the acquisition, Gryphon Technologies was no longer deemed to be an affiliate of AE. 
 
 On March 17, 2021, the Company signed a confidential disclosure agreement with Redwire Space, Inc. Redwire to engage in discussions concerning a potential business relationship between the two parties. Redwire is an affiliate of AE. 
 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 BIGBEAR.AI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless stated otherwise) 

, as compensation expense for the members of the Board of Directors, including equity-based compensation related to the RSUs of , which is reflected in the selling, general and administrative expenses within the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company paid or accrued , as compensation expense for the Board of Directors, including aggregate fair value of , respectively, of Parent s Class A Units. 
 
 During the period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020, the Company paid or accrued , as compensation expense for the Board of Directors, including aggregate fair value of , respectively, of Parent s Class A Units. 
 
 During the period from May 22, 2020 through December 31, 2020, the Successor accrued as compensation expense settled in Parent s Class A units for services related to the acquisition of PCI provided by Peter Cannito, Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, which is reflected in the transaction expenses within the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 There were related-party transactions during the Predecessor Period. 

Note X 
 
 shares (the Private Placement Shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, and (ii) a Common Stock purchase warrant (the Warrant to purchase up to an additional shares of Common Stock. 
 
 The purchase price per share of each Private Placement Share and the associated Warrant was . The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Private Placement were approximately before deducting the placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital. 

135 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and have concluded that, based on such evaluation, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting related to the combination of inadequate segregation of duties, revenue recognition, and ineffective IT General Controls. 
 
 Notwithstanding the identified material weaknesses, management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly represent in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes. 
 
 Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 . This assessment was based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management concluded that material weaknesses exists in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 . A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements could occur but will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public companies. 
 
 In addition, because we are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for so long as we are an emerging growth company. 
 
 Remediation Efforts to Address Material Weaknesses 
 
 Management has and will continue to enhance the risk assessment process and design of internal control over financial reporting which, among other procedures, includes enhancing segregation of duties, enhancing the documentation of the Company s analysis and conclusions on revenue recognition from contracts with customers, implementing additional IT General Controls, and increasing monitoring and oversight activities. Additionally, management will continue to enhance the documentation of the Company s analysis and conclusions on revenue recognition from contracts with customers. The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the applicable remedial controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We expect that the remediation of these material weaknesses will be completed prior to the end of fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than with respect to the remediation efforts described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, in designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business, but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Not Applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 
 Not Applicable. 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by Item 10 will be set forth in an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed on Form 10-K/A with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by Item 11 will be set forth in an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed on Form 10-K/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by Item 12 will be set forth in an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed on Form 10-K/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by Item 13 will be set forth in an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed on Form 10-K/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by Item 14 will be set forth in an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed on Form 10-K/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) We have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 1. Financial Statements 
 
 See Index under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because they are not required, because they are not applicable, or because the required information is otherwise included. 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 
 The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or are incorporated herein by reference, in each case as indicated below. 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits Form Date Filed File Number Original Exhibit Number Filed Herewith Furnished Herewith 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 4, 2021, as amended by the Amendment to Merger Agreement, dated August 6, 2021, by and among GigCapital4, Inc., GigCapital4 Merger Sub Corporation, BigBear.ai Holdings, LLC and BBAI Ultimate Holdings, LLC (included as Annex A to the definitive Proxy Statement filed by GigCapital4, Inc. on November 5, 2021). 
 Schedule 14A 11/5/2021 001-40031 Annex A 2.2 Amendment No. 2 to Merger Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by GigCapital4, Inc. on November 30, 2021 and on Exhibit 2.2 to BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. s Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2021, respectively). 
 8-K 11/30/2021 001-40031 10.1 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 7, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on December 13, 2021). 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 3.1 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on December 13, 2021). 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 3.2 4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the GigCapital4, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by GigCapital4, Inc. on February 12, 2021). 
 8-K 2/12/2021 001-40031 4.1 4.2 Indenture, dated December 7, 2021, between Wilmington Trust, National Association and GigCapital4, Inc., relating to the 6.00 Convertible Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on December 13, 2021). 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 10.2 4.3 Form of 2026 Convertible Note (included in Exhibit 4.2). 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 10.2 4.4 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 8-K 1/19/2023 001-40031 4.1 4.5 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 10-K 3/31/2022 001-40031 4.4 10.1 Form of Amended and Restated Convertible Note Subscription Agreement and form of Revised Indenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 30, 2021). 
 8-K 11/30/2021 001-40031 10.3 10.2# Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on December 13, 2021). 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 10.3 10.3# BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on December 13, 2021). 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 10.4 10.4# Form of BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (Employees). 
 10-K 3/31/2022 001-40031 10.4 10.5# Form of BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan Stock Option Grant Notice. 
 10-K 3/31/2022 001-40031 10.5 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits Form Date Filed File Number Original Exhibit Number Filed Herewith Furnished Herewith 10.6# Form of BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (Non-Employee Director). 
 10-K 3/31/2022 001-40031 10.6 10.7# BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on December 13, 2021) . 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 10.5 10.8# Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on December 13, 2021). 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 10.6 10.9# Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on December 13, 2021). 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 10.7 10.10# Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on December 13, 2021). 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 10.8 10.11# Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on December 13, 2021). 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 10.9 10.12 Backstop Subscription Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2021, by and between GigCapital4, Inc. and AE BBAI Aggregator, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Registrant on November 30, 2021). 
 8-K 11/30/2021 001-40031 10.2 10.13 First Amendment to Backstop Subscription Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2021, by and between GigCapital4, Inc. and AE BBAI Aggregator, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Registrant on December 7, 2021). 
 8-K 12/7/2021 001-40031 10.1 10.14 Payment Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, by and between GigCapital4, Inc. and Oppenheimer Co. Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Registrant on December 7, 2021). 
 8-K 12/7/2021 001-40031 10.3 10.15 Payment Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, by and between GigCapital4, Inc. and Nomura Securities International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Registrant on December 7, 2021). 
 8-K 12/7/2021 001-40031 10.4 10.16 Payment Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, by and between GigCapital4, Inc. and BMO Capital Markets Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Registrant on December 7, 2021). 
 8-K 12/7/2021 001-40031 10.5 10.17 Payment Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, by and among GigCapital4, Inc., BBAI Ultimate Holdings, LLC and William Blair Company, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Registrant on December 7, 2021). 
 8-K 12/7/2021 001-40031 10.6 10.18 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, by and among GigCapital4, Inc., BBAI Ultimate Holdings, LLC, AE BBAI Aggregator, LP, GigAcquisitions4, LLC, Oppenheimer Co. Inc., Nomura Securities International, Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., William Blair Company, L.L.C., and Other Holders (as defined in the Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Registrant on December 7, 2021). 
 8-K 12/7/2021 001-40031 10.7 10.19 Credit Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2021, by and among BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc., the other borrowers party thereto from time to time, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on December 13, 2021). 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 10.17 10.20# Employment Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2020, between PCI Strategic Management, LLC, and Joshua Kinley (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on December 13, 2021). 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 10.18 10.21# Offer Letter, dated as of May 22, 2020, on behalf of AE Industrial Partners Fund II, L.P., to Mr. Reginald Brothers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on December 13, 2021). 
 8-K 12/13/2021 001-40031 10.19 10.22 Forward Share Purchase Agreement, dated October 21, 2021, by and among GigCapital4, Inc. and Tenor Opportunity Master Fund, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on October 22, 2021). 
 8-K 10/22/2021 001-40031 10.1 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits Form Date Filed File Number Original Exhibit Number Filed Herewith Furnished Herewith 10.23 Termination of the Forward Share Purchase Agreement, dated February 22, 2022, by and among BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc., Glazer Capital, LLC and Meteora Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on February 23, 2022). 
 8-K 2/23/2022 001-40031 10.1 10.24 First Amendment to Credit Agreement with Bank of America, N.A., dated August 9, 2022 
 10-Q 8/12/2022 001-40031 10.1 10.25 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement with Bank of America, N.A., dated November 8, 2022 
 10-Q 11/10/2022 001-40031 10.2 10.26 Separation Agreement and General Release, dated as of September 15, 2022, by and between BigBear.ai, LLC and Brian Frutchey 
 8-K 9/20/2022 001-40031 10.1 10.27 Offer Letter, dated as of October 11, 2022, between BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. and Amanda Long 
 8-K 10/11/2022 001-40031 10.1 10.28 Separation Agreement and General Release, dated as of October 9, 2022, by and between BigBear.ai, LLC and Dr. Louis R. Brothers 
 8-K 10/11/2022 001-40031 10.3 10.29 Consulting Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2022, between BigBear.ai LLC and Dr. Louis R. Brothers 
 8-K 10/11/2022 001-40031 10.4 10.30 BigBear.ai, LLC Executive Severance Plan 
 8-K 11/21/2022 001-40031 10.1 10.31 Separation and Release Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2022, by and between BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. and Joshua Kinley 
 8-K 1/4/2023 001-40031 10.1 10.32 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2023, by and among the Company and the Purchaser 
 8-K 1/19/2023 001-40031 10.1 10.33 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2023, by and among the Company and the Purchaser 
 8-K 1/19/2023 001-40031 10.2 21.1 Significant Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 X 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 24.1 Power of Attorney (included in signature page) 
 X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), under the Securities Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), under the Securities Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). X 
 
 Schedules and similar attachments to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of such omitted materials to the SEC upon request. 
 
 # Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: /s/ Julie Peffer Name Julie Peffer Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 
 KNOWN ALL BY THOSE PRESENT, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Amanda Long and Julie Peffer or any of them, severally, as his or her attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such person and in such person s name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report, and to file the same with all exhibits hereto, and all other documents in connection herewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and any of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature Title Date /s/ Amanda Long Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 31, 2023 Amanda Long /s/ Julie Peffer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 31, 2023 Julie Peffer /s/ Sean Ricker Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 31, 2023 Sean Ricker /s/ Peter Cannito Chairman of the Board March 31, 2023 Peter Cannito /s/ Sean Battle Director March 31, 2023 Sean Battle /s/ Pamela Braden Director March 31, 2023 Pamela Braden /s/ Dr. Raluca Dinu Director March 31, 2023 Dr. Raluca Dinu /s/ Paul Fulchino Director March 31, 2023 Paul Fulchino /s/ Jeffrey Hart Director March 31, 2023 Jeffrey Hart /s/ Dorothy D. Hayes Director March 31, 2023 Dorothy D. Hayes 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 Signature Title Date /s/ Raanan I. Horowitz Director March 31, 2023 Raanan I. Horowitz /s/ Dr. Avi Katz Director March 31, 2023 Dr. Avi Katz /s/ Kirk Konert Director March 31, 2023 Kirk Konert 
 142 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit211-significantsubs.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Formation BigBear.ai Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delaware BigBear.ai, LLC Delaware BigBear.ai Federal, LLC Maryland ProModel, LLC Pennsylvania 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit231-consent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our report dated March 31, 2023 with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-269465 and File No. 333-261887) and on Form S-8 (File No. 333-264127). 

s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Arlington, Virginia March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311-ceocertificatio.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Amanda Long, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 31, 2023 
 By s Amanda Long Amanda Long Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Page 1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312-cfocertificatio.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Julie Peffer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 31, 2023 
 By s Julie Peffer Julie Peffer Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Page 1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321-906ceo12312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of B igBear.ai Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Amanda Long, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date March 31, 2023 
 By s Amanda Long Amanda Long Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Page 1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit322-906cfo12312022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of B igBear.ai Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Julie Peffer, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date March 31, 2023 
 By s Julie Peffer Julie Peffer Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Page 1 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 bbai-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 bbai-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 bbai-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 bbai-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 bbai-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

