<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1196298_0001493152-23-008716.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8148270</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>191406</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1424445</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2378060</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1863096</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2100215</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008716.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323170502
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008716
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEPHROS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001196298
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				133971809
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32288
		FILM NUMBER:		23756987

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		380 LACKAWANNA PLACE
		CITY:			SOUTH ORANGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07079
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201.343.5202

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		380 LACKAWANNA PLACE
		CITY:			SOUTH ORANGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07079

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008716.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
DC 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant specified in its charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 (Address
of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Telephone
Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, was . Such aggregate
market value was computed by reference to the closing price of the common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market on June 30, 2022.
For purposes of making this calculation only, the registrant has defined affiliates as including only directors and executive officers
and stockholders holding greater than 10 of the voting stock of the registrant as of June 30, 2022. 

As
of March 17, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

NEPHROS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 3 

Item 1. Business 
 3 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 

Item 2. Properties 
 24 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 24 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 
 PART II 
 25 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 25 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 31 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 61 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 61 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 61 
 
 PART III 
 62 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 62 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 62 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 62 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 62 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 62 
 
 PART IV 
 63 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 63 

Item 16. Form 10K Summary 
 66 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 67 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. Certain statements
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements. Such statements include statements regarding our ability to increase our
revenue, limit our expenses and other expected operating results, including our ability and the timing of our business generating positive
cash flows from operations, the adequacy of our existing capital resources to fund our operations, our belief that we will maintain good
relationships with our suppliers, distributors and customers , and other statements that are not historical facts, including statements that may be preceded by the words intends, 
 may, will, plans, expects, anticipates, projects, 
 predicts, estimates, aims, believes, hopes, potential 
or similar words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, are based on certain assumptions and are subject
to various known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Actual results may differ materially from
the expectations contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to,
the risks that: 

we
 face significant challenges in obtaining market acceptance of our products, which, if not obtained, could adversely affect our potential
 sales and revenues; 

product-related
 deaths or serious injuries or product malfunctions could trigger recalls, class action lawsuits and other events that could cause
 us to incur expenses and may also limit our ability to generate revenues from such products; 

we
 face potential liability associated with the production, marketing and sale of our products, and the expense of defending against
 claims of product liability could materially deplete our assets and generate negative publicity, which could impair our reputation; 

to
 the extent our products or marketing materials are found to violate any provisions of the U.S. Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the FDC
 Act or any other statutes or regulations, we could be subject to enforcement actions by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
 (the FDA or other governmental agencies; 

we
 may not be able to obtain funding when needed or on terms favorable to us in order to continue operations; 

we
 may not have sufficient capital to successfully implement our business plan; 

we
 may not be able to effectively market and sell our products; 

we
 may not be able to sell our water filtration products at competitive prices or profitably; 

we
 may encounter problems with our suppliers, manufacturers, and distributors; 

we
 may encounter unanticipated internal control deficiencies or weaknesses or ineffective disclosure controls and procedures; 

we
 may not be able to obtain appropriate or necessary regulatory approvals to achieve our business plan; 

we
 may not be able to secure or enforce adequate legal protection, including patent protection, for our products; 

we
 may not be able to achieve sales growth in key geographic markets; and 

future
 waves of COVID-19 or other pandemic infections may cause disruptions to our business,
 including reduced product sales and supply chain disruptions. 

More
detailed information about us and the risk factors that may affect the realization of forward-looking statements, including the forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is set forth in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ),
including our other periodic reports filed with the SEC. We urge investors and security holders to read those documents free of charge
at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. We do not undertake to publicly update or revise our forward-looking statements because of
new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

2 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

We
are a commercial-stage company that develops and sells high performance water solutions to the medical and commercial markets. 

In
medical markets, we sell water filtration products. Our medical water filters, mostly classified as ultrafilters, are used primarily
by hospitals for the prevention of infection from waterborne pathogens, such as legionella and pseudomonas, and in dialysis centers for
the removal of biological contaminants from water and bicarbonate concentrate. Because our ultrafilters capture contaminants as small
as 0.005 microns in size, they minimize exposure to a wide variety of bacteria, viruses, fungi, parasites, and endotoxins. 

In
commercial markets, we manufacture and sell water filters that improve the taste and odor of water and reduce biofilm, bacteria, and
scale build-up in downstream equipment. Our products are marketed primarily to the food service, hospitality, convenience store, and
health care markets. These commercial products are also marketed into medical markets, as supplemental filtration to our medical filters. 

We
were founded in 1997 by healthcare professionals affiliated with Columbia University Medical Center/New York-Presbyterian Hospital to
develop and commercialize an alternative method to hemodialysis. We have extended our filtration technologies to meet the demand for
liquid purification in other areas, in particular, water purification. 

Our
Products 

Water
Filtration Products 

We
develop and sell water filtration products used in both medical and commercial applications. Our water filtration products employ multiple
filtration technologies, as described below. 

3 

In
medical markets, our primary filtration mechanism is to pass liquids through the pores of polysulfone hollow fiber. Our filters 
pores are significantly smaller than those of competing products, resulting in highly effective elimination of waterborne pathogens,
including legionella bacteria (the cause of Legionnaires disease) and viruses, which are not eliminated by most other microbiological
filters on the market. Additionally, the fiber structure and pore density in our hollow fiber enables significantly higher flow rates
than in other polysulfone hollow fiber. 

Our
primary sales strategy in medical markets is to sell through value-added resellers VARs ). Leveraging VARs has enabled
us to expand rapidly our access to target customers with limited sales staff expansion. In addition, while we are currently focused on
medical markets, the VARs that support these customers also support a wide variety of commercial and industrial customers. We believe
that our VAR relationships have and will continue to facilitate growth in filter sales outside of the medical industry. 

In
commercial markets, we develop and sell our filters, for which carbon-based absorption is the primary filtration mechanism. These products
allow us to improve water s odor and taste, to reduce scale and heavy metals, and to reduce other water contaminants for customers
who are primarily in the food service, convenience store, and hospitality industries. These commercial products are also sold into medical
markets, as supplemental filtration to our medical filters. 

In
commercial markets, our model combines both direct and indirect sales. Our sales staff have sold products directly to a number of convenience
stores, hotels, casinos, and restaurants. We are also pursuing large corporate contracts through partnerships. 

Target
Markets 

Our
ultrafiltration products currently target the following markets: 

Hospitals
 and Other Healthcare Facilities: Filtration of water for washing and drinking as an aid in infection control. The filters produce
 water that is suitable for wound cleansing, cleaning of equipment used in medical procedures, and washing of surgeons hands . 

Dialysis
 Centers and Home/Portable Dialysis Machines: Filtration of water or bicarbonate concentrate used in hemodialysis. 

Commercial
 Facilities: Filtration and purification of water for consumption, including for use in ice machines and soft drink dispensers. 

Military
 and Outdoor Recreation: Individual water purification devices used by soldiers and backpackers to produce drinking water in the field,
 as well as filters customized to remote water processing systems. 

Hospitals
and Other Healthcare Facilities. Nephros filters are a leading tool used to provide proactive protection to patients in high-risk
areas (e.g., ice machines, surgical rooms, NICUs) and reactive protection to patients in broader areas during periods of water pathogen
outbreaks. Our products are used in hundreds of medical facilities to aid in infection control, both proactively and reactively. 

As
of 2022, according to the American Hospital Association, there are approximately 6,100 hospitals in the U.S., with approximately 921,000
beds. Over 33 million patients were admitted to these hospitals. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC estimates that healthcare associated infections HAI occur in approximately 1 out of every 31 hospital patients, which
calculates to over one million patients in 2022. HAIs affect patients in hospitals or other healthcare facilities and are not present
or incubating at the time of admission. They also include infections acquired by patients in the hospital or facility, but appearing
after discharge, and occupational infections among staff. Many HAIs are caused by waterborne bacteria and viruses that can thrive in
aging or complex plumbing systems often found in healthcare facilities. 

4 

In
January 2022, the Center for Clinical Standards and Quality at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS expanded
its requirements originally implemented in 2017 for facilities to develop policies and procedures that inhibit the growth
and spread of legionella and other opportunistic pathogens in building water systems. In this 2022 update, CMS requires teams to be assigned
to the development of formal water management plans WMPs ), as well as detailed documentation regarding the development
of the WMPs and their execution. CMS surveyors regularly review policies, procedures, and reports documenting water management implementation
results to verify that facilities are compliant with these requirements. We believe that these CMS regulations may have a positive impact
on the sale of our HAI-inhibiting ultrafilters. 

We
currently have FDA 510(k) clearance on the following portfolio of medical device products for use in the hospital setting to aid in infection
control: 

The
 DSU-H and SSU-H are in-line, 0.005-micron ultrafilters that provide dual- and single-stage protection, respectively, from waterborne
 pathogens. They are primarily used to filter potable water feeding ice machines, sinks, and medical equipment, such as endoscope
 washers and surgical room humidifiers. The DSU-H has an up to 6-month product life in a typical hospital setting, while the SSU-H
 has an up to 3-month product life . 

The
 S100 is a point-of-use, 0.01-micron microfilter that provides protection from waterborne pathogens. The S100 is primarily used to
 filter potable water feeding sinks and showers. The S100 has an up to 3-month product life when used in a hospital setting. 

The
 HydraGuard TM and HydraGuard TM - Flush are 0.005-micron cartridge ultrafilters that provide single-stage protection
 from waterborne pathogens. The HydraGuard ultrafilters are primarily used to filter potable water feeding ice machines and medical
 equipment, such as endoscope washers and surgical room humidifiers. The HydraGuard has an up to 6-month product life and the HydraGuard
 - Flush has an up to 12-month product life when used in a hospital setting . 

Our
complete hospital infection control product line, including in-line, and point-of-use can be viewed on our website at https://www.nephros.com/infection-control/ .
We are not including the information on our website as a part of, nor incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Dialysis
Centers - Water/Bicarbonate . In the dialysis water market, Nephros ultrafiltration products are among the highest performing
products on the market. The DSU-D, SSU-D and the SSUmini have become the standard endotoxin filter in many portable reverse osmosis systems.
The EndoPur , our large-format ultrafilter targeted at dialysis clinic water systems, provides the smallest pore size
available. 

To
perform hemodialysis, all dialysis clinics have dedicated water purification systems to produce water and bicarbonate concentrate, two
essential ingredients for making dialysate, the liquid that removes waste material from the blood. According to the American Journal
of Kidney Diseases, there are approximately 6,500 dialysis clinics in the United States servicing approximately 468,000 patients annually.
We estimate that there are over 100,000 hemodialysis machines in operation in the United States. 

Medicare
is the main payer for dialysis treatment in the United States. To be eligible for Medicare reimbursement, dialysis centers must meet
the minimum standards for water and bicarbonate concentrate quality set by the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation AAMI ), the American National Standards Institute ANSI and the International Standards Organization ISO ).
We anticipate that the stricter standards approved by these organizations in 2009 will be adopted by Medicare in the future. 

We
currently have FDA 510(k) clearance on the following portfolio of medical device products for use in the dialysis setting to aid in bacteria,
virus, and endotoxin retention: 

The
 DSU-D, SSU-D and SSUmini are in-line, 0.005-micron ultrafilters that provide protection from bacteria, viruses, and endotoxins. All
 of these products have an up to 12-month product life in the dialysis setting and are used to filter water following treatment with
 a reverse osmosis RO system, and to filter bicarbonate concentrate. These ultrafilters are primarily used in the
 water lines and bicarbonate concentrate lines leading into dialysis machines, and as a polish filter for portable RO machines . 

The
 EndoPur is a 0.005-micron cartridge ultrafilter that provides single-stage protection from bacteria, viruses, and endotoxins. The
 EndoPur has an up to 12-month product life in the dialysis setting and is used to filter water following treatment with an RO system.
 More specifically, the EndoPur is used primarily to filter water in large RO systems designed to provide ultrapure water to an entire
 dialysis clinic. The EndoPur is a cartridge-based, plug and play market entry that requires no plumbing at installation
 or replacement. The EndoPur is available in 10 , 20 , and 30 configuration. 

5 

Commercial
and Industrial Facilities . Our commercial NanoGuard product line accomplishes ultrafiltration via small
pore size (0.005 micron) technology, filtering bacteria and viruses from water. In addition, our commercial filtration offerings include
technologies that are primarily focused on improving odor and taste and on reducing scale and heavy metals from filtered water. 

Our
commercial market focus is on the hotel, restaurant, and convenience store markets. In March 2022, we closed a contract to provide water
filtration systems to an organization of approximately 3,000 Quick Service Restaurants QSR ). We continue to pursue other
national accounts, which may result in step-change increases in commercial market revenue. 

Over
time, we believe that the same water safety management programs currently underway at medical facilities may migrate to commercial markets.
As the epidemiology of waterborne pathogens expands, links to contamination sources will become more efficient and the data more readily
available. In cases where those sources are linked to restaurants, hotels, office buildings and residential complexes, the corporate
owners of those facilities will likely face increasing liability exposure. We expect that building owners will come to understand ASHRAE-188,
which outlines risk factors for buildings and their occupants, and provides water safety management guidelines. We believe, in time,
most commercial buildings will need to follow the basic requirements of ASHRAE-188: create a water management plan, perform routine testing,
and establish a plan to treat the building in the event of a positive test. 

As
demand for water testing and microbiological filtration grows, we will be ready to deploy our expertise and solutions based on years
of experience servicing the medical market. We believe that we have an opportunity to offer unique expertise and products to the commercial
market, and that our future revenue from the commercial market could even surpass our infection control revenue. 

We
currently market the following portfolio of proprietary products for use in the commercial, industrial, and food service settings: 

The
 NanoGuard set of products are in-line, 0.005-micron ultrafilter that provides dual-stage retention of any organic or inorganic particle
 larger than 15,000 Daltons. NanoGuard products are designed to fit a variety of existing plumbing configurations, including 10 
 and 20 standard housings, and Nephros and Everpure manifolds. Included in the NanoGuard product line are both conventional
 and flushable filters . 

The
 Nephros line of commercial filters provide a variety of technology solutions that improve water quality in food service, convenience
 store, hospitality, and industrial applications. Nephros filters improve water taste and odor, and reduce sediment, dirt, rust particles
 and other solids, chlorine and heavy minerals, lime scale build-up, and both particulate lead and soluble lead. 

Nephros
commercial products combine effectively with NanoGuard ultrafiltration technologies to offer full-featured solutions to the commercial
water market, including to existing users of Everpure filter manifolds. 

6 

Pathogen
Detection Systems 

In
2019, we expanded our portfolio of water solutions with the introduction of pathogen detection system PDS products and
services, including our PluraPath pathogen detection system, which we developed to provide real-time data regarding the existence of
a broad array of waterborne pathogens to the infection control teams responsible executing a building or other facility s water
management plans. In the third quarter of 2021, we acquired the business of GenArraytion, Inc. GenArraytion ), including
GenArraytion s many proprietary assays, multiplexing technology, and selection methods for detecting waterborne pathogens and other
microorganisms using Polymerase Chain Reaction technology. GenArraytion s assets was integrated into our PDS segment. In November
2022, we sold substantially all of our assets used in our PDS business to BWSI, LLC pursuant to the terms of an Agreement for Purchase
and Sale of Assets with BWSI (the PDS Purchase Agreement ). Under the terms of the PDS Purchase Agreement, BWSI made a nominal
cash payment at the closing of the transaction and assumed certain continuing liabilities of the PDS business. Additionally, for a period
of seven years commencing January 1, 2023, and ending December 31, 2029, BWSI will pay us an annual royalty equal to a specified percentage
of gross margin received by BWSI from each of the sale and licensing of products developed by the PDS Business. 

Hemodiafiltration
(HDF) Systems and Specialty Renal Products, Inc. 

The
current standard of care in the United States for patients with chronic renal failure is hemodialysis HD ), a process in
which toxins are cleared via diffusion. Patients typically receive HD treatments at least 3 times weekly for 3-4 hours per treatment.
HD is most effective in removing smaller, easily diffusible toxins. For patients with acute renal failure, the current standard of care
in the United States is hemofiltration HF ), a process where toxins are cleared via convection. HF offers a much better
removal of larger sized toxins when compared to HD; however, HF treatment is more challenging for patients, as it is performed daily,
and typically takes 12-24 hours per treatment. 

Our company was originally
founded to develop and commercialize a hemodiafiltration HDF medical device .
HDF is an alternative dialysis modality that combines the benefits of HD and HF into a single therapy by clearing toxins
using both diffusion and convection. Though not widely used in the United States, HDF is prevalent in Europe and is performed for a growing
number of patients. Clinical experience and literature demonstrate that HDF s
benefits, among other factors, include enhanced clearance of middle and large molecular weight toxins, improved patient survival, reduced
incidence of dialysis-related amyloidosis, improved patient quality of life and reduced hospitalizations and overall length of stays. 

7 

Our
original HDF device 

HDF1 was cleared by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA for the treatment of patients with chronic renal failure in
2012, but did not gain market acceptance due to, among other reasons, the feeling that it was too difficult to use. Accordingly, since
2018, we have undertaken to redesign and dramatically simplify our HDF device. We believe our updates have made the system significantly
easier to use. 

In
2018, we spun-off the development of the second-generation HDF device HDF2 into a newly-formed subsidiary, Specialty
Renal Products, Inc. SRP and shortly thereafter SRP raised 3 million of outside equity capital directly to fund the
second-generation development described above. We maintain a 62.5 ownership stake in SRP. In February 2022, SRP raised an additional
 0.5 million of equity capital, including an investment by Nephros of 0.3 million, which was sufficient to maintain our 62.5 ownership
stake in SRP. In addition to the equity capital raised by SRP, in December 2020, we entered into a loan agreement with SRP under which
we loaned 1.3 million to SRP. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of this loan, including accrued interest, was approximately
 1.4 million. 

In
May 2022, the FDA cleared HDF2 for patient use, which enables nephrologists to provide HDF treatment to patients with end stage renal
disease. To date, our and SRP s HDF1 and HDF2 systems are the only HDF systems cleared by the FDA. 

Following
FDA clearance of HDF2, SRP s management began exploring strategic partnerships and/or potential additional sources of financing
to support a commercial launch of the HDF2 device but has been unsuccessful in identifying any interested strategic partner or investor.
By late February 2023, SRP had nearly exhausted its capital resources. 

In
March 2023, SRP s board of directors and stockholders determined to wind down SRP operations and liquidate its remaining assets,
due to capital constraints. SRP s cash resources are sufficient to satisfy all of its outstanding liabilities other than its outstanding
loan to us. Accordingly, we expect that SRP will assign all of its remaining assets, including its intellectual property rights in the
HDF2 device, to us in partial satisfaction of its outstanding loan balance of approximately 1.4 million. Although we have no current
plans to do so, we may re-evaluate opportunities for the HDF2 device in the future. 

Corporate
Information 

We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in April 1997. Our principal executive offices are located at 380 Lackawanna
Place, South Orange, New Jersey 07079, and our telephone number is (201) 343-5202. We also have an office in Las Vegas, Nevada. For more
information about Nephros, please visit our website at www.nephros.com . We are not including the information on our website
as a part of, nor incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

8 

Manufacturing
and Suppliers 

We
do not, and do not intend to in the near future, manufacture any of our medical device filtration products. We do manufacture some of
our commercial filtration products in our facility in Las Vegas, Nevada. 

On
April 23, 2012, we entered into a License and Supply Agreement (the License and Supply Agreement with Medica S.p.A. Medica ),
an Italy-based medical product manufacturing company, for the marketing and sale of certain filtration products based upon Medica s
proprietary Medisulfone ultrafiltration technology in conjunction with our filtration products, and for an exclusive supply arrangement
for the filtration products. Under the License and Supply Agreement, as amended, Medica granted to us an exclusive license, with right
of sublicense, to market, promote, distribute, offer for sale and sell the filtration products worldwide, with certain limitations on
territory, during the term of the License and Supply Agreement. In addition, we granted to Medica an exclusive license under our intellectual
property to make the filtration products during the term of the License and Supply Agreement. The filtration covered under the License
and Supply Agreement include both certain products based on Medica s proprietary Versatile microfiber technology and certain filtration
products based on Medica s proprietary Medisulfone ultrafiltration technology. The term of the License and Supply Agreement with
Medica expires on December 31, 2025, unless earlier terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the License and Supply
Agreement. We currently have an understanding with Medica whereby we have agreed to pay interest to Medica at a 12 annual rate calculated
on the principal amount of any outstanding invoices that are not paid pursuant to the original payment terms. 

In
exchange for the rights granted, we agreed to make minimum annual aggregate purchases from Medica throughout the term of the License
and Supply Agreement. As part of the License and Supply Agreement, we granted to Medica a 10-year option to purchase 300,000 shares of
our common stock. Such options expired in April 2022. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Our
New Jersey headquarters oversees global sales and marketing activity of our ultrafilter products. We work with multiple distributors
for our ultrafilter products in the hospital and dialysis water markets. For the food service and hospitality markets, we have contracted
with Donastar LLC as our master distributor. For other prospective markets for our ultrafilter products, we are pursuing alliance opportunities
for joint product development and/or distribution. Our ultrafilter manufacturer in Europe shares certain intellectual property rights
with us for one of our dual stage ultrafilter designs. 

Research
and Development 

Our
research and development efforts continue on several fronts directly related to our current product lines. For the ultrafiltration systems
business, we are continually working with existing and potential distributors of ultrafilter products to develop solutions to meet customer
needs. 

Major
Customers 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the following customers accounted for the following percentages of our revenues, respectively: 

Customer 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 A 
 25 
 17 
 
 B 
 10 
 9 
 
 C 
 7 
 11 
 
 Total 
 42 
 37 

9 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the following customers accounted for the following percentages of our accounts receivable, respectively: 

Customer 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 A 
 21 
 8 
 
 B 
 10 
 11 
 
 D 
 10 
 7 
 
 C 
 0 
 19 
 
 Total 
 41 
 45 

Competition 

With
respect to the water filtration market, we compete with companies that are well-entrenched in the water filtration domain. These companies
include Pall Corporation (wholly owned by Danaher Corporation), which manufactures point-of-use microfiltration products, as well as
3M and Pentair, who manufacture the Cuno and Everpure brands of water filtration and purification products, respectively. Our
methods of competition in the water filtration domain include: 

developing
 and marketing products that are designed to meet critical and specific customer needs more effectively than competitive devices; 

offering
 unique attributes that illustrate our product reliability, user-friendliness, and performance capabilities; 

selling
 products to specific customer groups where our unique product attributes are mission-critical; and 

pursuing
 alliance and/or acquisition opportunities for joint product development and distribution. 

Intellectual
Property 

Patents 

We
protect our technology and products through patents and patent applications. In addition to the United States, we also apply for patents
in other jurisdictions, such as the European Patent Office, Canada, and Japan, to the extent we deem appropriate. We have built a portfolio
of patents and applications covering our products, including their hardware design and methods of hemodiafiltration. 

We
believe that our patent strategy will provide a competitive advantage in our target markets, but our patents may not be broad enough
to cover our competitors products and may be subject to invalidation claims. Our U.S. patents for the Method and Apparatus
for Efficient Hemodiafiltration and for the Dual-Stage Filtration Cartridge have claims that cover the OLp r
MDHDF filter series and the method of hemodiafiltration employed in the operation of the products. Technological developments in ESRD
therapy could reduce the value of our intellectual property. Any such reduction could be rapid and unanticipated. We have issued patents
on our water filtration products and applications in process to cover various applications in residential, commercial, and remote environments. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had four U.S. patents, one Canadian patent, one Chinese patent, one French patent, one German patent, one Italian
patent, one United Kingdom patent, and one European patent. In addition, we have one pending patent application in the United States.
Our pending US patent application relates to filter technologies, including liquid purification filter systems that are particularly
suited for use in harsh environments. 

Trademarks 

As
of December 31, 2022, in the United States, we secured registrations of the trademarks AETHER, ENDOPUR, HYDRAGUARD, and NANOGUARD. In
the US, we filed trademark application for NEPHROS and BECAUSE WATER MATTERS. In the UK, we secured registrations for the trademark H2H,
NANOGUARD, NEPHROS HYDRAGUARD, OLPUR, and PATHOGUARD. 

10 

Governmental
Regulation 

The
research and development, manufacturing, promotion, marketing, and distribution of our ESRD therapy products in the United States, Europe
and other regions of the world are subject to regulation by numerous governmental authorities, including the FDA, the European Union
and analogous agencies. 

United
States 

The
FDA regulates the manufacture and distribution of medical devices in the United States pursuant to the Food, Drug, and Cosmetics (FDC)
Act. All of our ESRD therapy products are regulated in the United States as medical devices by the FDA under the FDC Act. Under the FDC
Act, medical devices are classified in one of three classes, namely Class I, II or III, on the basis of the controls deemed necessary
by the FDA to reasonably ensure their safety and effectiveness. 

Class
 I devices are medical devices for which general controls are deemed sufficient to ensure their safety and effectiveness. General
 controls include provisions related to (1) labeling, (2) producer registration, (3) defect notification, (4) records and reports
 and (5) quality service requirements QSR ). 

Class
 II devices are medical devices for which the general controls for the Class I devices are deemed not sufficient to ensure their safety
 and effectiveness and require special controls in addition to the general controls. Special controls include provisions related to
 (1) performance and design standards, (2) post-market surveillance, (3) patient registries and (4) the use of FDA guidelines. 

Class
 III devices are the most regulated medical devices and are generally limited to devices that support or sustain human life or are
 of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health or present a potential, unreasonable risk of illness or injury.
 Pre-market approval by the FDA is the required process of scientific review to ensure the safety and effectiveness of Class III devices. 

Before
a new medical device can be introduced to the market, Section 510(k), and Section 515 of the FDC Act require a manufacturer who intends
to market a medical device to submit a premarket notification (Section 510(k)) or a request for premarket approval (Section 515), to
the FDA. 

A
510(k) clearance will be granted if the submitted information establishes that the proposed device is substantially equivalent 
to a legally marketed Class I or Class II medical device or to a Class III medical device for which the FDA has not called for premarket
approval under Section 515. The 510(k) clearance process is generally faster and simpler than the premarket approval process. 

Premarket
approval (PMA) is the FDA s process of scientific and regulatory review to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of Class III medical
devices. Class III devices are those that support or sustain human life, are of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human
health, or which present a potential, unreasonable risk of illness or injury, or are new and present unknown safety or effectiveness
issues or risks. PMA is the most stringent type of device marketing application required by the FDA. To gain approval, the manufacturer
must present adequate scientific evidence to assure that the device is safe and effective for its intended use(s). 

For
any devices cleared through the 510(k) clearance process, modifications or enhancements that could significantly affect the safety or
effectiveness of the device or that constitute a major change to the intended use of the device will require a new 510(k) clearance submission.
Accordingly, if we do obtain Section 510(k) clearance for any of our ESRD therapy and/or filtration products, we will need to submit
another Section 510(k) notification if we significantly affect that product s safety or effectiveness through subsequent modifications
or enhancements. 

11 

All
of our products have been cleared by the FDA as Class II devices, such as: 

DSU
 Dual Stage UltraFilter: In June 2009, we received FDA 510(k) clearance of the DSU to be used to filter biological contaminants
 from water and bicarbonate concentrate used in hemodialysis procedures. 

SSU-D/DSU-D
 Dual Stage UltraFilter: In July 2011, we received FDA 510(k) clearance of the SSU/DSU to be used to filter water or bicarbonate
 concentrate used in hemodialysis procedures. 

OLp r
 H2H Module and OLp r MD 220 Hemodiafilter : In April 2012, we received FDA 510(k) clearance of the OLp r H2H Module
 and OLp r MD 220 Hemodiafilter for use with a UF controlled hemodialysis machine that provides ultrapure dialysate in accordance
 with current ANSI/AAMI/ISO standards, for the treatment of patients with chronic renal failure in the United States. 

DSU-H/SSU-H:
 In October 2014, we received FDA 510(k) clearance of the DSU-H and SSU-H ultrafilters to be used to filter EPA quality drinking
 water. The filters retain bacteria, viruses, and endotoxin. By providing ultrapure water for patient washing and drinking, the filters
 aid in infection control. 

S100
 Point of Use Filter: In April 2016, we received FDA 510(k) clearance of the S100 point-of-use filter to be used to filter
 EPA quality drinking water. The filters retain bacteria. By retaining bacteria in water for washing and drinking, the filter may
 aid in infection control. 

HydraGuard:
 In December 2016, we received FDA 510(k) clearance of the HydraGuard 10 ultrafilter intended to be used to filter
 EPA quality drinking water. The filter retains bacteria, viruses and endotoxin. By providing ultrapure water for patient washing
 and drinking, the filter aids in infection control. 

EndoPur:
 In March 2017, we received FDA 510(k) clearance of the EndoPur ultrafilter intended to be used to filter water used in hemodialysis
 devices. It assists in providing hemodialysis quality water. The device is not a complete water treatment system but serves to remove
 biological contaminants. Therefore, it must be used in conjunction with other water treatment equipment (Reverse Osmosis, Deionization,
 etc.). 

The
FDC Act requires that medical devices be manufactured in accordance with the FDA s current QSR regulations which require, among
other things, that: 

the
 design and manufacturing processes be regulated and controlled by the use of written procedures; 

the
 ability to produce medical devices which meet the manufacturer s specifications be validated by extensive and detailed testing
 of every aspect of the process; 

any
 deficiencies in the manufacturing process or in the products produced be investigated; 

detailed
 records be kept, and a corrective and preventative action plan be in place; and 

manufacturing
 facilities be subject to FDA inspection on a periodic basis to monitor compliance with QSR regulations. 

In
addition to the requirements described above, the FDC Act requires that: 

all
 medical device manufacturers and distributors register with the FDA annually and provide the FDA with a list of those medical devices
 which they distribute commercially; 

information
 be provided to the FDA on death or serious injuries alleged to have been associated with the use of the products, as well as product
 malfunctions that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur; and 

12 

certain
 medical devices not cleared with the FDA for marketing in the United States meet specific requirements before they are exported. 

We
and our contract manufacturers are required to manufacture our products in compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP)
requirements set forth in the QSR. The QSR requires a quality system for the design, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, installation,
and servicing of marketed devices, and it includes extensive requirements with respect to quality management and organization, device
design, buildings, equipment, purchase and handling of components or services, production and process controls, packaging and labeling
controls, device evaluation, distribution, installation, complaint handling, servicing, and record keeping. The FDA evaluates compliance
with the QSR through periodic unannounced inspections that may include the manufacturing facilities of our subcontractors. If the FDA
believes that we or any of our contract manufacturers, or regulated suppliers, are not in compliance with these requirements, there may
be a material adverse effect on our manufacturing operations, effecting our ability to sell. 

European
Union 

The
European Union began to harmonize national regulations comprehensively for the control of medical devices in member nations in 1993,
when it adopted its Medical Devices Directive 93/42/EEC. The European Union directive applies to both the manufacturer s quality
assurance system and the product s technical design and discusses the various ways to obtain approval of a device (dependent on
device classification), how to properly CE mark a device, and how to place a device on the market. 

In
2017, the European Union (EU) adopted the EU Medical Device Regulation (Council Regulations 2017/745) which imposes stricter requirements
for the marketing and sale of medical devices, including new quality system and post-market surveillance requirements. 

As
defined in EU Medical Device Regulation (Council Regulations 2017/745), the regulatory approach necessary to demonstrate to the European
Union that the organization has the ability to provide medical devices and related services that consistently meet customer requirements
and regulatory requirements applicable to medical devices requires the certification of a full quality management system by a notified
body. 

European
Union requirements for products are set forth in harmonized European Union standards and include conformity to safety requirements, physical
and biological properties, construction and environmental properties, and information supplied by the manufacturer. A company demonstrates
conformity to these requirements, with respect to a product, by pre-clinical tests, biocompatibility tests, qualification of products
and packaging, risk analysis and well-conducted clinical investigations approved by ethics committees. 

Once
a manufacturer s full quality management system is determined to be in compliance with ISO 13485/2016 and other statutory requirements,
and the manufacturer s products conform to harmonized European standards, the notified body will recommend and document such conformity.
The manufacturer will receive a CE marking and ISO certifications, and then may place a CE mark on the relevant products. The CE mark,
which stands for Conformit Europ ene, demonstrates compliance with the relevant European Union requirements. Products
subject to these provisions that do not bear the CE mark cannot be imported to, or sold or distributed within, the European Union. 

Medical
Devices sold in Europe/ anticipated to be sold in Europe, shall be examined, and classified as: 

Class
 I: Provided non-sterile or do not have a measuring function; Low Risk 

Class
 I: Provided sterile and/or have a measuring function; Low/medium risk 

Class
 IIa: Medium risk 

Class
 IIb: Medium/high risk 

Class
 III: High risk 

13 

Currently
we are in the process to seek approval for CE certification under EU Medical Device Regulation (Council Regulations 2017/745). Once approved,
the following products will have certification from BSI America for CE marking and adherence to ISO13485 standards as Class IIa (Rule
3) medical devices: 

SSU-D/DSU-D/SSUmini
 Ultrafilters : Intended to be used to filter water or bicarbonate concentrate used in hemodialysis procedures. 

Regulatory
Authorities in Regions Outside of the United States and the European Union 

In
November 2007 and May 2011, the Therapeutic Products Directorate of Health Canada, the Canadian health regulatory agency, approved our
OLp r MD220 Hemodiafilter and our DSU, respectively, for marketing in Canada. Other than the Canadian approval of our OLp r
MD220 Hemodiafilter and DSU products, we have not obtained any regulatory approvals to sell any of our products outside of the United
States and the European Union and there is no assurance that any such clearance or certification will be issued. 

Requirements
pertaining to medical devices vary widely from country to country, ranging from no health regulations to detailed submissions such as
those required by the FDA. Our manufacturing facilities are subject to audits and have been certified to be ISO 13485:2016, which allows
us to sell our products in the United States and Canada. 

In
November 2020, we received MDSAP certification, to continue sales and compliance in the United States and Health Canada. The Medical
Device Single Audit Program (MDSAP) is a program that allows the conduct of a single regulatory audit of a medical device manufacturer s
quality management system that satisfies the requirements of multiple regulatory jurisdictions. Audits are conducted by Auditing Organizations
authorized by the participating Regulatory Authorities to audit under MDSAP requirements. The MDSAP is a way that medical device manufacturers
can be audited once for compliance with the standard and regulatory requirements of up to five different medical device markets: Australia,
Brazil, Canada, Japan, and the United States. 

Currently,
we are in the process of expanding our MDSAP certification to include Brazil. Following the expansion of our MDSAP certificate, we will
be allowed to sell our products in the United States, Canada, Brazil, and other territories around the world, while maintaining our current
approvals. The time and cost of obtaining new, and maintaining existing, market authorizations from countries outside of North America,
and the requirements for licensing products in these countries may differ significantly from FDA and/or MDR (European Union) requirements. 

Product
Liability and Insurance 

The
production, marketing and sale of our products have an inherent risk of liability in the event of product failure or claim of harm caused
by product operation. We have acquired product liability insurance for our products in the amount of 3 million. A successful claim in
excess of our insurance coverage could materially deplete our assets. Moreover, any claim against us could generate negative publicity,
which could decrease the demand for our products, our ability to generate revenues and our profitability. 

Some
of our existing and potential agreements with manufacturers of our products and components of our products do or may require us (1) to
obtain product liability insurance or (2) to indemnify manufacturers against liabilities resulting from the sale of our products. If
we are not able to maintain adequate product liability insurance, we will be in breach of these agreements, which could materially adversely
affect our ability to produce our products. Even if we are able to obtain and maintain product liability insurance, if a successful claim
in excess of our insurance coverage is made, then we may have to indemnify some or all of our manufacturers for their losses, which could
materially deplete our assets. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we employed a total of 27 full-time employees, including 9 employed in sales/marketing/customer support, 14 in
logistics, general, and administrative, and 4 in research and development. None of our employees are currently represented by a labor
union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement and we believe that our relations with our employees are good. During 2022, we
laid-off 7 employees (approximately 15 of our staff), and experienced limited voluntary turnover. Going forward, we intend to focus
on maintaining our current good relations with our employees and continuing to develop and explore ways to collaborate with our employees
and create a well-regarded workplace. 

Available
Information 

We
are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Exchange
Act requires us to file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains
reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. These materials
may be obtained electronically by accessing the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 

14 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Risks
Related to Our Overall Business and Operations 

We
have a history of operating losses and a significant accumulated deficit, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 142.8 million as a result of historical operating losses. While we believe that
revenues will increase following our planned sales team expansion, there can be no guarantee of this. We may continue to incur additional
losses in the future depending on the timing and marketplace acceptance of our products and as a result of operating expenses being higher
than our gross margin from product sales. We began sales of our first product in March 2004, and we may never realize sufficient revenues
from the sale of our products or be profitable. Each of the following factors, among others, may influence the timing and extent of our
profitability, if any: 

the
 market acceptance of our technologies and products in each of our target markets; 

our
 ability to effectively and efficiently manufacture, market and distribute our products; 

our
 ability to sell our products at competitive prices that exceed our per unit costs; and 

our
 ability to continue to develop products and maintain a competitive advantage in our industry. 

If
we are unable to achieve profitability, we will need additional capital to fund our operating activities. Such capital is likely to be
from the sale of shares of our common stock or other equity securities or from loans or other debt securities. However, there is no assurance
that such capital will be available on favorable terms or at all. 

We
may be unable to achieve or sustain revenue growth. 

Our
business is substantially dependent upon sales of the water filter products. Our ability to increase our revenues in future periods will
depend on our ability to increase sales of our water filter and other products we introduce in the future, which will, in turn, depend
in part on our success in growing our customer base and reorders from those customers. Our sales from water filters was slightly less
in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 and there is no assurance that we will be able to improve our sales in future periods. If we cannot
achieve significant revenue growth for an extended period, our financial results will be adversely affected, and our stock price may
decline. 

We
face significant challenges in obtaining market acceptance of our products, which could adversely affect our potential sales and revenues. 

Our
success depends on our ability to both maintain our existing customers and to continue growing our customer base. If we
are unable to maintain and further grow our customer base, our ability to grow revenue
will be limited and we will have difficulty achieving profitability. Our ability to grow our customer base also depends on our
ability to continue increasing achieve market acceptance of our water filter products, including among healthcare facility
customers, or may not be deemed suitable for other commercial, military, industrial or retail applications. Factors that may affect
our ability to achieve acceptance of our water filtration products and technologies in the marketplace include whether such products
will be safe for use, whether they will be effective and whether they will be cost-effective. 

If
we are not able to successfully scale-up production of our products, then our sales and revenues will suffer. 

In
order to successfully commercialize our products, we need to be able to produce them in a cost-effective way on a large scale to meet
commercial demand, while maintaining extremely high standards for quality and reliability. The extent to which we fail to successfully
commercialize our products will limit our ability to be profitable. 

15 

We
rely on, and for the foreseeable future expect to continue to rely on, a limited number of independent manufacturers to produce our products.
Our manufacturers systems and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations and may not be able to achieve the rapid
execution necessary to exploit the market for our products. If we achieve our goal to increase our product revenue, we will need to also
increase our supply requirements However, our contracted manufacturers could experience manufacturing and control problems in connection
with their manufacture of our products, which could disrupt their ability to
 timely and adequately supply us with product. If we experience any of these problems with respect to our manufacturers scale-ups
of manufacturing operations, then we may not be able to have our products manufactured and delivered in a timely manner. Our products
are new and evolving, and our manufacturers may encounter unforeseen difficulties in manufacturing them in commercial quantities or at
all. 

If
we cannot develop adequate distribution, customer service and technical support networks, then we may not be able to market and distribute
our products effectively and/or customers may decide not to order our products. In either case, our sales and revenues will suffer. 

Our
strategy requires us to distribute our products and provide a significant amount of customer service and maintenance and other technical
service. To provide these services, we have begun, and will need to continue, to develop a network of distribution and a staff of employees
and independent contractors in each of the areas in which we intend to operate. We cannot assure that we will be able to organize and
manage this network on a cost-effective basis. If we cannot effectively organize and manage this network, then it may be difficult for
us to distribute our products and to provide competitive service and support to our customers, in which case customers may be unable,
or decide not, to order our products and our sales and revenues will suffer. 

We
have limited experience selling our products to healthcare facilities, and we might be unsuccessful in increasing our sales. 

Our
business strategy depends in part on our ability to sell our products to hospitals and other healthcare facilities, including dialysis
clinics. We have limited experience with respect to sales and marketing. If we are unsuccessful at manufacturing, marketing, and selling
our products, our operations and potential revenues will be materially adversely affected. 

We
are dependent on third parties to supply us with our products to us, making us vulnerable to supply problems and price fluctuations. 

We
rely on third-party suppliers to provide us with certain components of our products. With respect to our proprietary filter material
used in our DSU-H, SSU-H, S100 and HydraGuard TM and HydraGuard TM Flush filters, we rely on a single source
supplier. Our agreement with that supplier will expire in 2025 and although our relationship with this supplier is good, there can be
no assurance that our current agreement will guarantee uninterrupted supply or that we will be able to renew the agreement on favorable
terms, or at all. We depend on our suppliers to provide us and our customers with materials in a timely manner that meet our and their
quality, quantity and cost requirements. These suppliers may encounter problems during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, any of
which could delay or impede their ability to meet our demand and our customers demands. 

Companies
in the United States and around the world have experienced a disruption in the supply of certain components and raw materials, such as
resins and polymers, which may adversely affect us and our ability to obtain these components in a timely manner, in the volumes we require,
or at all. In addition, the prices of these components and other supplies we rely upon in the manufacture of our products may rise. For
example, we and our suppliers have recently experienced, and may continue to experience, rising costs due to inflation, such as costs
of materials, labor and freight. If inflation continues to rise, the prices of our components may rise, resulting in increased expenses
to us that we may not be able to offset by raising the prices of our products. 

Any
supply interruption from our suppliers or failure to obtain additional suppliers for any of the components used in our products, or price
increases of these supplies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
operate with a limited senior management team and are dependent on our sales and marketing personnel. Our business could be harmed if
we are unable to attract and retain personnel necessary for our success. 

We
operate our business with only one person in senior management, which individual serves as our President Chief Executive Officer,
as well as our Chief Financial Officer. Our dependence on a single officer to perform multiple functions exposes us to various risks,
including the risk that one officer may be unable to devote sufficient or timely attention to all aspects of operating our business and
that in the event of a sudden departure of such officer we may not be able to promptly identify a successor. We do not carry key person
life insurance on any of our employees. If we are unable to recruit and retain qualified personnel to our senior management teams, we
will be unlikely to achieve our objectives of continuing to grow our company and our business may otherwise be harmed. 

In
addition, our need to significantly increase our revenue is also dependent on the personnel in our sales and marketing organization.
Although we have recently added a number of new sales and marketing professionals, our success will depend on their ability to quickly
integrate into our business and our ability to develop and retain them as employees. Our ability to increase our sales revenue may be
materially impaired if we experience attrition in our sales and marketing organization. 

Product
liability associated with the production, marketing, and sale of our products, and/or the expense of defending against claims of product
liability, could materially deplete our assets and generate negative publicity which could impair our reputation. 

The
production, marketing and sale of water-filtration products, particularly to healthcare
facility customers, have inherent risks of liability in the event of product failure or claim of harm caused by product
operation. Voluntary recalls could subject us to claims or proceedings by consumers, the FDA or other regulatory authorities which
may adversely impact our sales and revenues. Furthermore, even meritless claims of product liability may be costly to defend
against. Although we have acquired product liability insurance for our products, we may not be able to maintain or obtain this
insurance on acceptable terms or at all. Because we may not be able to obtain insurance that provides us with adequate protection
against all potential product liability claims, a successful claim in excess of our insurance coverage could materially deplete our
assets. Moreover, even if we are able to obtain adequate insurance, any claim against us could generate negative publicity, which
could impair our reputation and adversely affect the demand for our products, our ability to generate sales and our
profitability. 

Some
of the agreements that we may enter into with manufacturers of our products and components of our products may require us to obtain product
liability insurance; or to indemnify manufacturers against liabilities resulting from the sale of our products. For example, the agreement
with our contract manufacturer CM requires that we obtain and maintain certain minimum product liability insurance coverage
and that we indemnify our CM against certain liabilities arising out of our products that they manufacture, provided they do not arise
out of our CM s breach of the agreement, negligence or willful misconduct. If we are not able to obtain and maintain adequate product
liability insurance, then we could be in breach of these agreements, which could materially adversely affect our ability to produce our
products and generate revenues. Even if we are able to obtain and maintain product liability insurance, if a successful claim in excess
of our insurance coverage is made, then we may have to indemnify some or all of our manufacturers for their losses, which could materially
deplete our assets. 

16 

We
cannot assure you that our products will be safe or that there will not be product-related deaths, serious injuries or product malfunctions.
Further, we are required under applicable law to report any circumstances relating to our medically approved products that could result
in deaths or serious injuries. These circumstances could trigger recalls, class action lawsuits and other events that could cause us
to incur expenses and may also limit our ability to generate revenues from such products. 

We
cannot assure you that our products will prove to be safe or that there will not be product-related deaths or serious injuries or product
malfunctions, which could trigger recalls, class action lawsuits and other events that could cause us to incur significant expenses,
limit our ability to market our products and generate revenues from such products or cause us reputational harm. Under the FDC Act, we
are required to submit medical device reports MDRs to the FDA to report device-related deaths, serious injuries and malfunctions
of medically approved products that could result in death or serious injury if they were to recur. Depending on their significance, MDRs
could trigger events that could cause us to incur expenses and may also limit our ability to generate revenues from such products. Additionally,
any of the following could occur: 

information
 contained in the MDRs could trigger FDA regulatory actions such as inspections, recalls and patient/physician notifications; 

because
 the reports are publicly available, MDRs could become the basis for private lawsuits, including class actions; and 

if
 we fail to submit a required MDR to the FDA, the FDA could take enforcement action against us. 

If
any of these events occur, then we could incur significant expenses and it could become more difficult for us to market and sell our
products and to generate revenues from sales. Other countries may impose analogous reporting requirements that could cause us to incur
expenses and may also limit our ability to generate revenues from sales of our products. 

We
may face significant risks associated with international operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

We
expect to manufacture and to market our products globally. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including the
following: 

fluctuations
 in exchange rates of the U.S. dollar could adversely affect our results of operations; 

we
 may face difficulties in enforcing and collecting accounts receivable under some countries legal systems; 

local
 regulations may restrict our ability to sell our products, have our products manufactured or conduct other operations; 

political
 instability could disrupt our operations; 

some
 governments and customers may have longer payment cycles, with resulting adverse effects on our cash flow; and 

some
 countries could impose additional taxes or restrict the import of our products. 

Any
one or more of these factors could increase our costs, reduce our revenues, or disrupt our operations, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic may continue to adversely impact our sales and revenues. 

There
is uncertainty with respect to our projections regarding the availability of sufficient cash resources in the event that the COVID-19
pandemic resurges. During the pandemic, we saw decreased demand for our hospital filtration products. In addition, sales to new customers
were hindered by pandemic-related travel restrictions. Also, our commercial filtration products, which are primarily targeted at the
hospitality and food service markets, saw a decrease in demand, due to the closure or reduced occupancy of many hotels and restaurants.
If these decreases in demand were to recur, and we are unable to achieve our revenue plan, we may cut budgeted expenditures as appropriate
to preserve our available capital resources, which could slow our revenue growth plans. 

17 

Risks
Related to Government Regulation 

If
we violate any provisions of the FDC Act or any other statutes or regulations, then we could be subject to enforcement actions by the
FDA or other governmental agencies. 

We
face a significant compliance burden under the FDC Act and other applicable statutes and regulations which govern the testing, labeling,
storage, record keeping, distribution, sale, marketing, advertising and promotion of our medically approved products. If we violate the
FDC Act or other regulatory requirements (either with respect to our ultrafilters or otherwise) at any time during or after the product
development and/or approval process, we could be subject to enforcement actions by the FDA or other agencies, including: 

fines; 

injunctions; 

civil
 penalties; 

recalls
 or seizures of products; 

total
 or partial suspension of the production of our products; 

withdrawal
 of any existing approvals or pre-market clearances of our products; 

refusal
 to approve or clear new applications or notices relating to our products; 

recommendations
 that we not be allowed to enter into government contracts; and 

criminal
 prosecution. 

Any
of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If
we develop new water filter products in the future, we may be required to obtain regulatory approvals and clearances in the
countries in which we intend to sell such products. If we fail to receive, or experience a significant delay in
receiving, such approvals and clearances, then we may not be able to get our new 
products to market and enhance our revenues. 

Our current water filter products that we market and sell to healthcare
facilities and dialysis centers have 510(k) clearance from the FDA. However, we will need to continue developing new products in the future
to continue to compete in our industry, and such new products may require obtaining regulatory approvals in the U.S. and other jurisdictions
in which we intend to market them. 

We
cannot ensure that any new products developed by us in the future, will be
approved for marketing. The clearance and/or approval processes can be lengthy and uncertain, and each requires substantial commitments
of our financial resources and our management s time and effort. We may not be able to obtain further CE marking or regulatory
approval for any of our existing or new products in a timely manner or at all. Even if we do obtain regulatory approval, approval may
be only for limited uses with specific classes of patients, processes, or other devices. Our failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining,
the necessary regulatory clearance and/or approvals would prevent us from selling our affected products in the applicable regions. If
we cannot sell some of our products in such regions, or if we are delayed in selling while waiting for the necessary clearance and/or
approvals, our ability to generate revenues from these products will be limited. 

Over
time, we intend to market our products globally. Requirements pertaining to the sale of our products vary widely from country to country.
It may be very expensive and difficult for us to meet the requirements for the sale of our products in many countries. As a result, we
may not be able to obtain the required approvals in a timely manner, if at all. If we cannot sell our products in a particular region,
then the size of our potential market could be reduced, which would limit our potential sales and revenues. 

18 

Significant
additional governmental regulation could subject us to unanticipated delays that would adversely affect our sales and revenues. 

Our
business strategy depends in part on our ability to get our products into the market as quickly as possible. Additional laws and regulations,
or changes to existing laws and regulations that are applicable to our business may be enacted or promulgated, and the interpretation,
application or enforcement of the existing laws and regulations may change. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations,
interpretations, applications or enforcements or the specific effects any of these might have on our business. Any future laws, regulations,
interpretations, applications, or enforcements could delay or prevent regulatory approval or clearance of our products and our ability
to market our products. Moreover, changes that result in our failure to comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations
could result in enforcement actions by the FDA and/or other agencies, all of which could impair our ability to have manufactured and
to sell the affected products. 

If
we are not able to maintain sufficient quality controls, then the approval or clearance of our products by the European Union, the FDA
or other relevant authorities could be withdrawn, delayed or denied and our sales and revenues will suffer. 

Approval
or clearance of our products could be withdrawn, delayed, or denied by the European Union, the FDA and the relevant authorities of other
countries if our manufacturing facilities do not comply with their respective manufacturing requirements. The European Union imposes
requirements on quality control systems of manufacturers, which are inspected and certified on a periodic basis and may be subject to
additional unannounced inspections. Failure by our manufacturers to comply with these requirements could prevent us from marketing our
products in the European Community. The FDA also imposes requirements through quality system requirements regulations, which include
requirements for good manufacturing practices. Failure by our manufacturers to comply with these requirements could prevent us from obtaining
FDA pre-clearance or approval of our products and from marketing such products in the United States. Although the manufacturing facilities
and processes that we use to manufacture our OLp r MD HDF filter series have been inspected and certified by a worldwide testing
and certification agency (also referred to as a notified body) that performs conformity assessments to European Union requirements for
medical devices, they have not been inspected by the FDA. A notified body is a group accredited and monitored by governmental
agencies that inspects manufacturing facilities and quality control systems at regular intervals and is authorized to carry out unannounced
inspections. We cannot be sure that any of the facilities or processes we use will comply or continue to comply with their respective
requirements on a timely basis or at all, which could delay or prevent our obtaining the approvals we need to market our products in
the European Community and the United States. 

To
market our products in the European Community, the United States, and other countries, where approved, manufacturers of such products
must continue to comply or ensure compliance with the relevant manufacturing requirements. Although we cannot control the manufacturers
of our products, we may need to expend time, resources and effort in product manufacturing and quality control to assist with their continued
compliance with these requirements. If violations of applicable requirements are noted during periodic inspections of the manufacturing
facilities of our manufacturers, then we may not be able to continue to market the products manufactured in such facilities and our revenues
may be materially adversely affected. 

19 

Risks
Related to our Intellectual Property 

Protecting
our intellectual property in our technology through patents may be costly and ineffective. If we are not able to adequately secure or
enforce protection of our intellectual property, then we may not be able to compete effectively and we may not be profitable. 

Our
future success depends in part on our ability to protect the intellectual property for our technology through patents. We will only be
able to protect our products and methods from unauthorized use by third parties to the extent that our products and methods are covered
by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. Our 4 granted U.S. patents will expire at various times
from 2023 to 2039, assuming they are properly maintained. 

The
protection provided by our patents, and patent applications if issued, may not be broad enough to prevent competitors from introducing
similar products into the market. Our patents, if challenged or if we attempt to enforce them, may not necessarily be upheld by the courts
of any jurisdiction. Numerous publications may have been disclosed by, and numerous patents may have been issued to, our competitors
and others relating to methods and devices for dialysis of which we are not aware and additional patents relating to methods and devices
for dialysis may be issued to our competitors and others in the future. If any of those publications or patents conflict with our patent
rights, or cover our products, then any or all of our patent applications could be rejected and any or all of our granted patents could
be invalidated, either of which could materially adversely affect our competitive position. 

Litigation
and other proceedings relating to patent matters, whether initiated by us or a third party, can be expensive and time-consuming, regardless
of whether the outcome is favorable to us, and may require the diversion of substantial financial, managerial, and other resources. An
adverse outcome could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties or require us to cease any related development, product
sales or commercialization activities. In addition, if patents that contain dominating or conflicting claims have been or are subsequently
issued to others and the claims of these patents are ultimately determined to be valid, then we may be required to obtain licenses under
patents of others in order to develop, manufacture, use, import and/or sell our products. We may not be able to obtain licenses under
any of these patents on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we do not obtain these licenses, we could encounter delays in, or be prevented
entirely from using, importing, developing, manufacturing, offering, or selling any products or practicing any methods, or delivering
any services requiring such licenses. 

20 

If
we file for or obtain additional patents in foreign countries, we will be subject to laws and procedures that differ from those in the
United States. Such differences could create additional uncertainty about the level and extent of our patent protection. Moreover, patent
protection in foreign countries may be different from patent protection under U.S. laws and may not be as favorable to us. Many non-U.S.
jurisdictions, for example, prohibit patent claims covering methods of medical treatment of humans, although this prohibition may not
include devices used for such treatment. 

If
we are not able to secure and enforce protection of our trade secrets through enforcement of our confidentiality and non-competition
agreements, then our competitors may gain access to our trade secrets, we may not be able to compete effectively, and we may not be profitable.
Such protection may be costly and ineffective. 

We
attempt to protect our trade secrets, including the processes, concepts, ideas, and documentation associated with our technologies, through
the use of confidentiality agreements and non-competition agreements with our current employees and with other parties to whom we have
divulged such trade secrets. If these employees or other parties breach our confidentiality agreements and non-competition agreements,
or if these agreements are not sufficient to protect our technology or are found to be unenforceable, then our competitors could acquire
and use information that we consider to be our trade secrets and we may not be able to compete effectively. Policing unauthorized use
of our trade secrets is difficult and expensive and, in the event we further expand our operations, the laws of other countries may not
adequately protect our trade secrets. 

Risks
Related to Owning Our Common Stock 

Our
common stock could be further diluted as a result of the issuance of additional shares of common stock, warrants or options. 

In
the past we have issued common stock and warrants in order to raise capital to help fund our business. We have also issued stock options
and restricted stock as compensation for services and incentive compensation for our employees, directors, and consultants. We have shares
of common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of certain of these securities and may increase the shares reserved for these
purposes in the future. Our issuance of additional common stock, options and warrants could affect the rights of our stockholders, could
reduce the market price of our common stock, or could obligate us to issue additional shares of common stock. 

Market
sales of large amounts of our common stock, or the potential for those sales even if they do not actually occur, may have the effect
of depressing the market price of our common stock, the supply of common stock available for resale could be increased which could stimulate
trading activity and cause the market price of our common stock to drop, even if our business is doing well. Furthermore, the issuance
of any additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock could be substantially dilutive to holders
of our common stock if they do not invest in future offerings. 

The
prices at which shares of the common stock trade have been and will likely continue to be volatile. 

During
the two years ended December 31, 2022, our common stock has traded at prices ranging from a high of 5.14 to a low of 0.91 per share.
Due to the lack of an active trading market for our common stock, we expect the prices at which our common stock might trade to continue
to be highly volatile. The expected volatile price of our stock will make it difficult for investors to predict the value of an investment
in our common stock, to sell shares at a profit at any given time, or to plan purchases and sales in advance. A variety of other factors
might also affect the market price of our common stock. These include, but are not limited to: 

achievement
 or rejection of regulatory approvals by our competitors or us; 

publicity
 regarding actual or potential clinical or regulatory results relating to products under development by our competitors or us; 

delays
 or failures in initiating, completing, or analyzing clinical trials or the unsatisfactory design or results of these trials; 

announcements
 of technological innovations or new commercial products by our competitors or us; 

21 

developments
 concerning proprietary rights, including patents; 

regulatory
 developments in the United States and foreign countries; 

economic
 or other crises and other external factors; 

period-to-period
 fluctuations in our results of operations; 

threatened
 or actual litigation; 

changes
 in financial estimates by securities analysts; and 

sales
 of our common stock. 

We
are not able to control many of these factors, and we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our financial results will not necessarily
be indicative of our future performance. 

We
have never paid dividends and do not intend to pay cash dividends. 

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock and currently do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable
future. Consequently, any returns on an investment in our common stock in the foreseeable future will have to come from an increase in
the value of the stock itself. As noted above, the lack of an active trading market for our common stock will make it difficult to value
and sell our common stock. While our dividend policy will be based on the operating results and capital needs of our business, we anticipate
that all earnings, if any, will be retained to finance our future operations. 

Several
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and our
second amended and restated bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition, which could adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. 

Several
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and our
second amended and restated bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable,
and the market price of our common stock could be reduced as a result. These provisions include: 

authorizing
 our board of directors to issue blank check preferred stock without stockholder approval; 

providing
 for a classified board of directors with staggered, three-year terms; 

prohibiting
 us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years
 after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder unless certain provisions are met; 

prohibiting
 cumulative voting in the election of directors; 

limiting
 the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders; and 

establishing
 advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on
 by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 

As
a smaller reporting company with little or no name recognition and with several risks and uncertainties that could impair our business
operations, we are not likely to generate widespread interest in our common stock. Without widespread interest in our common stock, our
common stock price may be highly volatile and an investment in our common stock could decline in value. 

Unlike
many companies with publicly traded securities, we have little or no name recognition in the investment community. We are a relatively
new company and very few investors are familiar with either our company or our products. We do not have an active trading market in our
common stock, and one might never develop, or if it does develop, might not continue. 

Additionally,
the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to many factors, many of which are beyond our control. Risks
and uncertainties, including those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section could impair our business operations
or otherwise cause our operating results or prospects to be below expectations of investors and market analysts, which could adversely
affect the market price of our common stock. As a result, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or
above their purchase price and could lose all of their investment. 

22 

Securities
class action litigation is often brought against public companies following periods of volatility in the market price of such company s
securities. We may become subject to this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could be extremely expensive and
divert management s attention and resources from running our company. 

Our
directors, executive officers, and Wexford Capital LP Wexford control a significant portion of our stock and, if they
choose to vote together, could have sufficient voting power to control the vote on substantially all corporate matters. 

As
of March 1, 2023, Wexford, our largest stockholder, beneficially owned approximately 36 of our outstanding common stock. Collectively,
Wexford, our directors and our executive officers beneficially owned approximately 40 of our outstanding common stock. As a result of
this ownership, Wexford has the ability to exert significant influence over our policies and affairs, including the election of directors.
Wexford, whether acting alone or acting with other stockholders, could have the power to elect all of our directors and to control the
vote on substantially all other corporate matters without the approval of other stockholders. Furthermore, such concentration of voting
power could enable Wexford, whether acting alone or acting with other stockholders, to delay or prevent another party from taking control
of our company even where such change of control transaction might be desirable to other stockholders. The interests of Wexford in any
matter put before the stockholders may differ from those of any other stockholder. 

Future
sales of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

The
market price of our common stock could decline due to sales of a large number of shares in the market, including sales of shares by Wexford
or any other large stockholder, or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales could also make it more difficult or impossible
for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate to raise funds through future offerings of
common stock. Future sales of our common stock by stockholders could depress the market price of our common stock. 

23 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
required. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
U.S. facilities are located at 380 Lackawanna Place, South Orange, New Jersey 07079 and 3221 Polaris Avenue, Las Vegas, Nevada 89102.
We use these facilities to house our corporate headquarters, research, manufacturing, and distribution facilities. The operations of
our commercial filtration division are based in our Las Vegas facility. 

We
believe our current facilities are adequate to meet our needs, although we may consolidate facilities in the future. We do not own any
real property for use in our operation or otherwise. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

There
are no currently material pending legal proceedings and, as far as we are aware, no governmental authority is contemplating any material
proceeding to which we are a party or to which any of our properties is subject. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

24 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Common
Stock Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NEPH . Our common stock commenced trading on August
14, 2019. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 44 holders of record and approximately 1,600 beneficial holders of our common stock. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except
as previously reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K, we have not sold any equity securities
during the year ended December 31, 2022, that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Issuer
Repurchases of Equity Securities 

There
were no repurchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

See
Part III, Item 12, under the heading Equity Compensation Plan Information, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
6. Reserved 

25 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion includes forward-looking statements about our business, financial condition and results of operations including
discussions about management s expectations for our business. These statements represent projections, beliefs and expectations
based on current circumstances and conditions and in light of recent events and trends, and these statements should not be construed
either as assurances of performances or as promises of a given course of action. Instead, various known and unknown factors are likely
to cause our actual performance and management s actions to vary, and the results of these variances may be both material and adverse.
A list of the known material factors that may cause our results to vary, or may cause management to deviate from its current plans and
expectations, is included in Item 1A, Risk Factors, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion should
also be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in Item 8, Financial Statements and
Supplemental Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Business
Overview 

We
are a commercial-stage company that develops and sells high performance water solutions to the medical and commercial markets. 

Our
medical water filters, mostly classified as ultrafilters, are used primarily by hospitals for the prevention of infection from waterborne
pathogens, such as legionella and pseudomonas, and in dialysis centers for the removal of biological contaminants from water and bicarbonate
concentrate. Because our ultrafilters capture contaminants as small as 0.005 microns in size, they minimize exposure to a wide variety
of bacteria, viruses, fungi, parasites, and endotoxins. 

Our
commercial water filters improve the taste and odor of water and reduce biofilm, cysts, particulates, and scale build-up in downstream
equipment. Our products are marketed primarily to the food service, hospitality, convenience store, and health care markets, and also
sold into medical institutions to supplement. 

We
also own a majority stake in Specialty Renal Products, Inc. SRP ), a development-stage medical device company that is focused
primarily on developing hemodiafiltration HDF technology. On May 13, 2022, the FDA gave 510(k) clearance to SRP s
second-generation model of the OLp rH2H Hemodiafiltration System, which enables nephrologists to provide HDF treatment to patients
with end stage renal disease. 

In January 2023, SRP management
began exploring strategic partnerships to support a commercial launch of the HDF product but was successful in identifying a partner.
By late February 2023, SRP had nearly exhausted its capital resources. Due to its limited capital and lack of prospects for securing a
strategic partnership or additional financing, the board of directors of SRP adopted a plan on March 6, 2023 to wind down SRP operations,
liquidate its remaining assets and dissolve the company. That plan was approved by SRP s stockholders on March 9, 2023. We anticipate
that SRP s cash resources will be sufficient to satisfy all of its outstanding liabilities other than its obligations to us under
a loan with an outstanding balance of approximately 1.4 million. Accordingly, we expect that SRP will assign all of its remaining assets,
including its intellectual property rights in the HDF2 device, to us in partial satisfaction of its outstanding loan balance. Although
we have no current plans to do so, we may re-evaluate opportunities for HDF in the future. 

As
a result of our November 2022 sale of substantially all of the assets used in our PDS business, we completely exited the PDS business,
which we had previously been reporting as a separate reportable operating segment for financial reporting purposes. As a result, we determined
that our PDS business had met the criteria for discontinued operations as of September 30, 2022. We no longer separately report the PDS
business as a separate reportable segment in our financial statements including in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for any of the periods
presented. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

We
are subject to recently issued accounting standards, accounting guidance and disclosure requirements. For a description of these new
accounting standards, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements
included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

26 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). The preparation
of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires application of management s subjective judgments, often requiring estimates
about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Our actual results may differ substantially
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail
in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included in Item
8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe that the following accounting
policies require the application of significant judgments and estimates. 

Inventories 

Our
inventory reserve requirements are based on various factors including product expiration date and estimates for the future sales of the
product. Reserve assessments include inventory obsolescence based upon expiration date, damaged, or rejected product, slow-moving products,
and other considerations. We continue to monitor our inventory reserves amounts and policies, and to update both as required by relevant
circumstances. 

Results
of Operations 

Fluctuations
in Operating Results 

Our
results of operations have fluctuated significantly from period to period in the past, including recently, and are likely to continue
to do so in the future. We anticipate that our annual results of operations will be impacted for the foreseeable future by several factors,
including market acceptance of our products, expense management, and progress in achieving positive operating cash flow. Due to these
fluctuations, we believe that the period-to-period comparisons of our operating results are not a good indication of our future performance. 

27 

Fiscal
Year Ended December 31, 2022, Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table sets forth our summarized, consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands
except percentages): 

Years
 Ended December 31, 
 
 Increase 
 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Total net revenues 
 9,975 
 10,217 
 (242 
 (2 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 5,244 
 4,584 
 660 
 14 
 
 Gross margin 
 4,731 
 5,633 
 (902 
 (16 
 
 Gross margin 
 47 
 55 
 - 
 (8 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 1,255 
 1,498 
 (243 
 (16 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses 
 218 
 192 
 26 
 14 
 
 Selling, general and
 administrative expenses 
 7,593 
 7,195 
 398 
 6 
 
 Operating loss from continuing operations 
 (4,335 
 (3,252 
 (1,083 
 33 
 
 Interest expense 
 (20 
 (41 
 21 
 51 
 
 Interest income 
 14 
 10 
 4 
 40 
 
 Forgiveness of PPP Loan 
 - 
 482 
 (482 
 (100 
 
 Other income, net 
 64 
 17 
 47 
 276 
 
 Net loss from continuing
 operations 
 (4,277 
 (2,784 
 (1,493 
 54 
 
 Net loss from discontinued
 operations 
 (2,829 
 (1,083 
 (1,746 
 161 
 
 Net Loss 
 (7,106 
 (3,867 
 (3,239 
 84 
 
 Less: undeclared deemed
 dividend attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest 
 (276 
 (240 
 (36 
 15 
 
 Net loss attributable
 to Nephros, Inc. shareholders 
 (7,382 
 (4,107 
 (3,275 
 80 

Net
Revenues. Our business is reported in two reportable segments: Water Filtration and Renal Products. Our net revenues in each of these
segments for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
(in thousands, except percentages) were as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 Increase 
 Increase 
 
 Water Filtration 
 9,975 
 10,217 
 (242 
 (2 
 
 Renal Products 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 9,975 
 10,217 
 (242 
 (2 

Total
net revenues in the Water Filtration segment decreased 2 in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

28 

Gross
Profit Margin 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Increase
 (Decrease) 
 
 Water Filtration 
 47 
 55 
 (8 
 
 Renal Products 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 47 
 55 
 (8 

Consolidated
gross profit margin was approximately 47 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 55 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease of approximately 8 was driven by increased shipping costs, as well as inventory reserve increases charged to
expense, for expirations, certain product obsolescence and adjustments to inventory counts. Responding to supply chain cost increases,
we implemented a broad price increase beginning June 1, 2022, which helped to offset these expense increases. Our gross margins returned
to 59 in the quarter ended December 31, 2022, well within our target range of 55-60 . 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses by segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands,
except percentages) were as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Increase
 (Decrease) 
 
 Increase
 (Decrease) 
 
 Water Filtration 
 879 
 1,251 
 (372 
 (30 
 
 Renal Products 
 376 
 247 
 129 
 52 
 
 Total 
 1,255 
 1,498 
 (243 
 (16 

Consolidated
research and development expenses decreased 16 primarily due to decreased R D investment in the Water Filtration segment. 

Depreciation
and Amortization Expense 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses were 0.2 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses by segment for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) were as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Increase
 (Decrease) 
 
 Increase
 (Decrease) 
 
 Water Filtration 
 7,328 
 7,124 
 204 
 3 
 
 Renal Products 
 265 
 71 
 194 
 273 
 
 Total 
 7,593 
 7,195 
 398 
 6 

Consolidated
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 0.4 million or 6 , primarily due to increased sales headcount and associated
travel and recruiting costs. 

29 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense was approximately 20,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 41,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This
reduction is primarily related to a lower principal balance of the company s secured note payable. 

Interest
Income 

Interest
income was approximately 14,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to approximately 10,000 for the ended December 31, 2021.
The increase in interest income is due to higher interest rates earned on invested cash balances. 

Extinguishment
of PPP loan 

Our
outstanding PPP loan was forgiven in January 2021 resulting in an extinguishment gain of approximately 482,000. 

Other
Income (Expense), net 

Other
income was approximately 64,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 17,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This
increase is primarily related to the release of the cumulative translation adjustment from accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) on the liquidation of a foreign entity , related to the closure in the second quarter of 2022,
of Nephros International, a wholly owned subsidiary of Nephros, Inc. 

Loss
from discontinued operations 

Loss
from discontinued operations was approximately 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 1.1 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The discontinued operations are related to the company s former PDS operating segment. The
increased loss is primarily due to the impairment of the net assets of PDS that was sold, and reported in the third quarter of 2022 that
totaled approximately 1.4 million. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
following table summarizes our liquidity and capital resources as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is intended to supplement the more
detailed discussion that follows. The amounts stated are expressed in thousands. 

December
 31, 
 
 Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 3,634 
 6,973 
 
 Other current assets 
 4,627 
 6,661 
 
 Working capital 
 6,849 
 11,244 
 
 Stockholders equity 
 8,881 
 14,749 

We
operate under an Investment, Risk Management and Accounting Policy adopted by our Board of Directors. Such policy limits the types of
instruments or securities in which we may invest our excess funds: U.S. Treasury Securities; Certificates of Deposit issued by money
center banks; Money Funds by money center banks; Repurchase Agreements; and Eurodollar Certificates of Deposit issued by money center
banks. This policy provides that our primary objectives for investments are the preservation of principal and achieving sufficient liquidity
to meet our forecasted cash requirements. In addition, provided that such primary objectives are met, we may seek to achieve the maximum
yield available under such constraints. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 142.8 million and we expect to incur additional operating losses from operations
until such time, if ever, that we are able to increase product sales and/or licensing revenue to achieve profitability. 

30 

Based
on cash that is available for our operations and projections of our future operations, as well as our significantly reduced cash burn
rates over the past 6 months, we believe that our existing cash resources together with our anticipated revenue, will be sufficient to
fund our current operating plan through at least the next 12 months from the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, our operating plans are designed to help control operating costs, to increase revenue
and to raise additional capital until such time as we generate sufficient cash flows to fund operations. If there were a decrease in
the demand for our products due to either economic or competitive conditions, or if we are otherwise unable to achieve our plan or achieve
our anticipated operating results, there could be a significant reduction in liquidity due to our possible inability to cut costs sufficiently.
 In such event, the Company may need to take further actions to reduce its discretionary expenditures,
including further reducing headcount, reducing spending on R D projects and reducing other variable costs. 

Our
future liquidity sources and requirements will depend on many other factors, including: 

the
 market acceptance of our products, and our ability to effectively and efficiently produce, market and sell our products; 

the
 costs involved in filing and enforcing patent claims and the status of competitive products; and 

the
 cost of litigation, including potential patent litigation and any other actual or threatened litigation. 

We
expect to put our current capital resources toward the development, marketing, and sales of our water filtration products and working
capital purposes. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.4 million for the year ended December
31, 2021, an increase of 1.8 million. This increase of 1.8 million is due primarily to an increase in the net loss incurred of 3.2
million, partially offset by approximately 1.4 million in non-cash charges for impairment of assets held for sale. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.1 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was approximately 43,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This was primarily from proceeds
from the exercise of warrants of 0.2 million and from the sale to Nephros of SRP preferred shares of 0.2 million, offset partially
by payments of 0.3 million on our secured note, payments of employee taxes on restricted stock of approximately 31,000, principal
payments of approximately 3,000 on our finance lease obligation and principal payments of approximately 3,000 on our equipment
financing debt. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities of 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted from proceeds from the exercise of
warrants and stock options of 0.5 million partially offset by payments on our secured note payable of 0.3 million. 

Purchase
Commitments 

In
exchange for the rights granted under the License and Supply Agreement with Medica (see Note 10 License and Supply Agreement,
net), the Company agreed to make certain minimum annual aggregate purchases from Medica over the term of the License and Supply Agreement.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has agreed to make minimum annual aggregate purchases from Medica of 3.5 million
(approximately 3.7 million). For the year ended December 31, 2022, aggregate purchase commitments
totaled 3.2 million (approximately 3.4 million). The company has agreed with Medica that it will make-up the 0.3 purchase
shortfall based on anticipated future revenues. 

Future
purchase commitments under the License and Supply Agreement with Medica are as follows: 

2023:
 3,625,000 

2024:
 3,825,000 

2025:
 4,000,000 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

31 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Nephros,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Nephros, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity,
and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

Inventory
Valuation 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Note 2 to the financial statements, inventory consists of finished goods and raw materials and is valued at the lower of
cost or net realizable value using the first-in, first-out method. The Company s inventory reserve requirements are based on various
factors including product expiration date and estimates for the future sales of the product. Reserve assessments include inventory obsolescence
based upon expiration date, damaged or rejected product, slow-moving products, and other considerations. 

We
identified the assessment of the excess and obsolete inventory reserve as a critical audit matter. The principal consideration for our
determination that this is a critical audit matter is the significant judgment by management to estimate the excess and obsolete inventory
reserve, which led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures to evaluate management s
significant assumptions. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements. The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

testing
 management s process for estimating the excess and obsolete inventory reserve, including
 evaluating the appropriateness of the approach utilized and underlying assumptions 
 
 testing
 the mathematical accuracy of the excess and obsolete inventory reserve calculation 
 
 testing
 the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the analysis, including historical
 usage and inventory age 
 
 developing
 an independent expectation of management s estimate, by performing sensitivity analyses
 to evaluate changes in the estimate that result from changes in management s significant
 assumptions 

/s/

We have served as the Company s
 auditor since 2015. 

Massachusetts 

March 23, 2023 

32 

NEPHROS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Current assets associated with discontinued operations 
 - 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

License and supply agreement, net 

Other assets 

Non-current assets associated with discontinued operations 
 - 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of secured note payable 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current portion of lease liabilities 

Current liabilities associated with discontinued operations 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Secured note payable, net of current portion 
 - 

Equipment financing, net of current portion 

Lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Non-current liabilities associated with discontinued operations 
 - 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 19) 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 - 

Accumulated deficit 

Subtotal 

Noncontrolling interest 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

33 

NEPHROS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (In
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net revenue: 

Product revenues 

Royalty and other revenues 

Total net revenues 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross Margin 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Depreciation and amortization 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss from continuing operations 

Other (expense) income: 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Extinguishment of PPP loan 
 - 

Other income, net 

Total other income: 

Loss from continuing operations 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

Net loss 

Less: undeclared deemed dividend attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributable to Nephros, Inc. shareholders 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted from continuing operations 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted from discontinued operations 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted, attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted, attributable to Nephros, Inc, shareholders 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss, foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax 

Comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive loss attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to Nephros, Inc. shareholders 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

34 

NEPHROS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (In
thousands, except share amounts) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Subtotal 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net unrealized losses on foreign currency translation, net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for asset acquisition (see Note 3) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Restricted stock vesting 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Cashless exercise of options 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cashless exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Change in non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Restricted stock vesting 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Elimination of cumulative translation adjustment, upon closing of wholly owned foreign subsidiary 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Restricted shares withheld for employee taxes 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

35 

NEPHROS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

Amortization of intangible assets, license and supply agreement and finance lease right-of-use asset 

Stock-based compensation 

Inventory obsolescence charge 

Extinguishment of PPP loan 
 - 

Increase (Decrease) in provision for bad debt 

Impairment of assets held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 Gain (Loss) on foreign currency transactions 

Change in right-of-use asset 

Decrease (Increase) in operating assets: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 
 
 - 
 
 (Decrease) Increase in operating liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Payment of direct transaction costs for asset acquisition 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of subsidiary preferred shares to noncontrolling interest 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on secured note payable 

Principal payments on finance lease liability 

Principal payments on equipment financing 

Payments to employee taxes on restricted stock 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from exercise of options 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest expense 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities 

Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability 

Issuance of common shares for asset acquisition 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

36 

NEPHROS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

is shown on the consolidated balance sheet as
noncontrolling interest. All intercompany accounts and transactions were eliminated in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. 

shares of its Series A Preferred Stock at a price of 
per share, resulting in total gross proceeds of .
See Note 17 Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest, below. In addition to the funds
provided by the sale of these additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the Company and SRP continue to maintain a loan
agreement under which the Company agreed to lend up to 
million to SRP, including the 
million borrowed during the year ended December 31, 2020. These loaned funds were used to fund SRP s operating activities
through the recent FDA 510(k) clearance process of SRP s second-generation hemodiafiltration system, which was initially
submitted to the FDA on February 24, 2021 and which received 510(k) clearance on May 13, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the
outstanding balance of this loan, including accrued interest, was approximately 
million. It is not expected that this million will be repaid, given the recent decision to wind down SRP s business . 

The
Company has sustained operating losses and expects such losses to continue over the next several quarters. In addition, net cash from
operations has been negative since inception, generating an accumulated deficit of 
 million as of December 31, 2022. These operating
losses and negative cash flows raise substantial doubt of the company s ability to continue as a going concern. However, during
the second half of 2022, the Company took certain actions to mitigate these conditions, including headcount and other expense reductions,
the sale of PDS assets and discontinuance of PDS operations, customer price increases, and the recruiting and acquisition of additional
sales staff to grow revenues. The Company believes these actions, when fully implemented, will alleviate the substantial doubt as to
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Furthermore, based on these actions, as well as the cash that is available
for the Company s operations and projections of future Company operations, the Company believes that its cash balances will be
sufficient to fund its current operating plan through at least the next 12 months from the date of issuance of the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. In the event that operations do not meet expectations, the Company may need to further reduce discretionary expenditures
such as headcount, R D projects, and other variable costs, to alleviate any remaining substantial doubt as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

While
significant progress has been made against the COVID-19 pandemic, some uncertainty remains with respect to the Company s projections
regarding the availability of sufficient cash resources, due to the possibility that COVID-19 infections could increase again and cause
further disruption to economic conditions. During the pandemic, particularly during calendar year 2020, the Company saw decreased demand
for its hospital filtration products, both in programmatic business and emergency pathogen outbreak response. In addition, sales to new
customers during 2020 including water filtration and pathogen detection products were hindered by pandemic-related travel
restrictions. Also in 2020, the Company s commercial filtration products, which are primarily targeted at the hospitality and food
service markets, saw a decrease in demand, due to the closure of many hotels and restaurants. The Company believes that broad vaccine
distribution and increased population immunity has reduced the probability of further significant negative COVID-19 impacts, but if these
decreases in demand return and the Company is unable to achieve its revenue plan, the Company may need to reduce budgeted expenditures
as appropriate to preserve its available capital resources, which could slow its revenue growth plans. 

B 

C 

Total 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the following customers accounted for the following percentages of the Company s accounts receivable,
respectively: 

Customer 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 A 

B 

D 

C 

Total 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company adheres to ASC 360 and periodically evaluates whether current facts or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of its
depreciable assets to be held and used may not be recoverable. If such circumstances are determined to exist, an estimate of undiscounted
future cash flows produced by the long-lived assets, or the appropriate grouping of assets, is compared to the carrying value to determine
whether impairment exists. If an asset is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured based on the difference between the asset s
fair value and its carrying value. For long-lived assets, the estimate of fair value is based on various valuation techniques, including
a discounted value of estimated future cash flows. The Company reports an asset to be disposed of at the lower of its carrying value
or its fair value less costs to sell. For the year ended December 31, 2022, See Note 4 Discontinued Operations, for a discussion of the
Company s significant accounting policy surrounding the sale of substantially all of the Company s PDS business and related
impairment charge. There were no impairment losses for long-lived assets recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022, is primarily related to the
release of the cumulative translation adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the liquidation of a foreign entity
and of gains on foreign currency transactions related to the closure in the second quarter of 2022 of Nephros International, a
wholly owned subsidiary of Nephros, Inc. Other income of million for the year ended December 31, 2021, is primarily due to the extinguishment
of the U.S. Small Business Administration s Paycheck Protection Plan PPP loan. 

ASC
740 prescribes, among other things, a recognition threshold and measurement attributes for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a company s income tax return. ASC 740 utilizes a two-step approach
for evaluating uncertain tax positions. Step one, or recognition, requires a company to determine if the weight of available evidence
indicates a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes,
if any. Step two, or measurement, is based on the largest amount of benefit that is more likely than not to be realized on settlement
with the taxing authority. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities for all tax years subsequent
to 2016. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized no adjustments for uncertain tax positions. However,
management s conclusions regarding this policy may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including,
but not limited to, on-going analyses of and changes to tax laws, regulation and interpretations, thereof. 

The
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act) was enacted into law on March 27, 2020. The act contains several tax
relief and economic stimulus provisions. The enactment of the CARES Act did not have a material impact on the Company s financial
statements. 

See
Note 15 Income Taxes for further discussion. 

Shares underlying warrants outstanding 
 - 

Unvested restricted stock 
 - 

shares of the Company s common stock to GenArraytion, reflecting an aggregate purchase price of million. The purchase price,
including direct acquisition costs of approximately , was allocated among the acquired assets which include intellectual property
and equipment, based upon their relative fair values at the date of acquisition. 

Fifty
percent of the common shares issued were subject to a risk of forfeiture which lapsed during the three months ended September
30, 2021. Pursuant to the purchase agreement with GenArraytion, the Company also agreed to make royalty payments to GenArraytion equal
to of net sales of certain products by the Company over the next five years. However, as a result of the Company s sale of its
PDS business to a third party, the Company will no longer make any net sales of GenArraytion products during such royalty period. (See
Note 4 - Discontinued Operations ). 

The
total consideration of million was allocated as follows to the acquired assets: 

Equipment 

Total consideration 

The
acquired intellectual property was being amortized over its estimated useful life of years. With the sale of the PDS assets announced
on October 11, 2022, this asset was classified as held-for-sale at the period ended September 30, 2022, and then tested for impairment
and subsequently written down to . (See Note 4 Discontinued Operations). 

Gross margin 

Research and development expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expense 
 - 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss from discontinued operations 

Impairment of assets held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations 

On
October 4, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement with a third party pursuant to which the Company agreed
to sell substantially all of the assets used in the Company s PDS business. in cash at the closing, and will receive potential royalties payable to Nephros for a seven -year period commencing
on subject to a minimum gross margin threshold. As such, the potential royalties payable to the Company are a gain contingency
as they pertain to an uncertain event that will be resolved in future reporting periods. As a result, the Company will recognize the
gain contingency when it is probable the contingency will be resolved, which is ultimately when settled. The Company determined all of
the required criteria for held-for-sale and discontinued operations classification were met as of September 30, 2022. During the third
quarter as part of presenting these assets and liabilities as held-for-sale in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, the Company
evaluated the disposal group including the relevant intangible assets for impairment. Based upon the selling price less the costs of
sale, the Company determined the net carrying value of the assets held for sale were impaired, and the value of the asset group to be
sold was . 

Prepaid expenses 

Operating lease right of use assets 
 - 
 
 Total current assets associated with discontinued operations 

Property and equipment 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total non-current assets associated with discontinued operations 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities associated with discontinued operations 

Lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total non-current liabilities associated with discontinued operations 

Amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Stock compensation 

Impairment of assets held-for-sale 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Purchases of property and equipment 

During
year ended December 31, 2022, of right-of-use assets related to discontinuing operations were obtained in exchange for operating
lease liabilities. 

Royalty revenue under the License Agreement with Bellco 
 - 

Royalty revenue under the Sublicense Agreement with CamelBak (1) 
 - 

Total royalty and other revenues 

(1) 

Bellco
License Agreement 

On
June 27, 2011, the Company entered into a License Agreement (as thereafter amended, the License Agreement ), effective July
1, 2011, with Bellco S.r.l. Bellco ), an Italy-based supplier of hemodialysis and intensive care products, for the manufacturing,
marketing and sale of the Company s patented mid-dilution dialysis filters (the Products ). Under the License Agreement,
the Company granted Bellco a license to manufacture, market and sell the Products under its own name, label, and CE mark in certain countries
on an exclusive basis, and to do the same on a non-exclusive basis in certain other countries. Under the License Agreement with Bellco,
the Company received upfront payments which were previously deferred and subsequently recognized as license revenue over the term of
the License Agreement. In addition, the License Agreement also provided for the payment of certain royalties to the Company based on
the number of units of Products sold per year in the covered territory. The License Agreement expired in accordance with its terms on
December 31, 2021. 

Other
Revenue Other revenues are derived from sales of services to customers, which primarily include installation, training and testing
on product and equipment sold to certain customers. 

- 
 - 
 
 Money market funds 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 - 
 - 

December 31, 2021 

Cash 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Money market funds 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 - 
 - 

Assets
and Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

The
carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. 

The
carrying amounts of the secured long-term note payable, lease liabilities and equipment financing approximate fair value as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 because those financial instruments bear interest at rates that approximate current market rates for similar agreements
with similar maturities and credit. 

Raw material 

Work in process 
 
 - 
 
 Total inventory 

- years 

Capitalized internal use software and website development 
 years 
 
 - 
 
 Computer equipment 
 - years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 years 

Leasehold improvements 
 years 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
related to equipment utilized in the manufacturing process is recognized in cost of goods sold on the consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss. Depreciation related to equipment utilized in research and development is recognized in research and development
on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Equipment is capitalized due to various uses inclusive of R D.
Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively. Approximately
 of depreciation expense has been recognized in cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2022. Approximately 
of depreciation expense has been recognized in cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2021. Approximately and 
of depreciation expense was recognized in research and development expense for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021
respectively. 

Customer relationships 

Total intangible assets 

The
Company recognized amortization expense of approximately for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 in selling,
general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

The
Company recognized approximately million in intangible asset impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2022, related
to the fair value of assets held for sale. (See Note 4 Discontinued Operations). 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
had a carrying value on the Company s consolidated balance sheets of million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Goodwill has been allocated to the Water Filtration segment. The Company concluded the carrying value of goodwill was not impaired as
of December 31, 2022, or 2021 as the Company determined that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill was less
than its carrying value. 

In
exchange for the license, the gross value of the intangible asset capitalized was million. License and supply agreement, net, on
the consolidated balance sheet is million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accumulated amortization
is million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The intangible asset is being amortized as an expense
over the life of the License and Supply Agreement. Amortization expense of million was recognized in each of the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

As
of September 2013, the Company has an understanding with Medica whereby the Company has agreed to pay interest to Medica at a annual
rate calculated on the principal amount of any outstanding invoices that are not paid pursuant to the original payment terms. There was
 interest recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

In
addition, for the period beginning April 23, 2014 through December 31, 2025, the Company will pay Medica a royalty rate of of net
sales of the filtration products sold, subject to reduction as a result of a supply interruption pursuant to the terms of the License
and Supply Agreement. Royalty expense of million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was recognized and
is included in cost of goods sold on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. Approximately and 
of this royalty expense was included in accounts payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal balance of the Secured Note was million and 
million, respectively. 

The
Secured Note has a maturity date of . The unpaid principal balance accrues interest at a rate of per annum. The Secured Note is subject to terms and conditions
of and is secured by security interests granted by the Company in favor of Tech Capital under the Loan and Security Agreement entered
into on August 17, 2017 and subsequently amended on December 20, 2019 (the Loan Agreement ). An event of default under such
Loan Agreement is an event of default under the Secured Note and vice versa. 

During
each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made payments under the Secured Note of approximately million. Included
in the total payments made, approximately and was recognized as interest expense on the consolidated statement of operations
and comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Total 

million PPP loan ). Under the terms of the PPP, certain amounts of the loan may be forgiven if they
are used for qualifying expenses during the first 24 weeks of the loan. On January 14, 2021, the U.S Small Business Administration notified
the Company that, in accordance with the PPP terms, the PPP loan was forgiven in full, including all principal and interest outstanding
as of the date of forgiveness. As such, million has been recognized as an extinguishment of debt on the Company s consolidated
statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The SBA reserves the right to audit any PPP loan, regardless of size. These audits may
occur after forgiveness has been granted. In accordance with the Cares Act. All borrowers are required to maintain the PPP loan documentation
for six years after the PPP loan was forgiven or repaid in full and to provide that documentation to the SBA upon request. 

year to years. 

Lease
cost, as presented below, includes costs associated with leases for which right-of-use ROU assets have been recognized
as well as short-term leases. 

Finance lease cost: 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total finance lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Finance lease right-of-use assets 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of finance lease liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total finance lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term 

Operating leases 
 years 
 years 
 
 Finance leases 
 years 
 years 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2024 

2025 
 
 - 
 
 2026 
 
 - 
 
 2027 
 
 - 
 
 Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Accrued directors fees 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued legal 

Accrued sales commission 

Accrued sales tax payable 

Accrued franchise tax 

Accrued other 

Accrued expenses 

income tax current or deferred tax benefit or expense recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

State taxes 

Expired NOLs and credits 

Stock-based compensation 

Federal research and development credits 

Foreign Rate Differential 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Paycheck protection loan forgiveness 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 
 - 
 - 

Research and development credits 

Nonqualified stock option compensation expense 

Lease liabilities 

Capital loss carryforwards 
 
 - 
 
 Fixed and intangible basis difference 
 
 - 
 
 Other temporary book - tax differences 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Lease right-of-use assets 

Fixed and intangible asset basis difference 
 - 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

Net deferred tax assets after valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 

A
valuation allowance has been recognized to offset the Company s net deferred tax asset as it is more likely than not that such
net asset will not be realized. The Company primarily considered its historical loss and potential Internal Revenue Code Section 382
limitations to arrive at its conclusion that a valuation allowance was required. The Company s valuation allowance increased 
approximately million 
from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had Federal income tax net operating loss carryforwards of million and State income tax net operating
loss carryforwards of million. The Company had Federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of million at December
31, 2022. The Company s net operating losses and research and development tax credits may ultimately be limited by Section 382
of the Internal Revenue Code and, as a result, the Company may be unable to offset future taxable income (if any) with losses, or its
tax liability with credits, before such losses and credits expire. Included in the Federal net operating loss carryforwards are 
million of losses generated from 2018 onward that have an indefinite carryover period. The remaining Federal and New Jersey net operating
loss carryforwards and Federal and New Jersey tax credit carryforwards will expire at various times between 2022 and 2038 unless utilized. 

The
Company has analyzed the tax positions taken or expected to be taken in its tax returns and concluded it has no liability related to
uncertain tax positions. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities for all tax years subsequent to
2017 and does not anticipate a change in its uncertain tax positions within the next twelve months. The Company s policy is to
report interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 

shares of common stock were approved for issuance pursuant to stock
options, restricted stock and other equity incentive awards to the Company s employees, directors and consultants. The maximum
contractual term for stock options granted under the 2015 Plan is years. 

As
of December 31, 2022, options to purchase shares of common stock had been issued to employees under the 2015 Plan and were
outstanding. Taking into account
all options and restricted stock granted under the 2015 Plan, there are shares available for future grant under the 2015 Plan.
Generally, grants vest based on a service condition only and vest between two to . 

The
Company s previously adopted and approved plan, the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 2004 Plan ), expired in the year ended
December 31, 2014. As of December 31, 2022, options to purchase shares of common stock had been issued to employees under the
2004 Plan and were outstanding. No shares are available
for future grants under the 2004 Plan. Options currently outstanding are fully vested. 

Stock
Options 

The
Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur. Stock-based compensation expense recognized for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, million and approximately are included in selling, general and administrative expenses
and research and development expenses, respectively, on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss.
For the year ended December 31, 2021, million and approximately are included in selling, general and administrative expenses
and research and development expenses, respectively, on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Options granted 

Options forfeited or expired 

Options exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Options granted 

Options forfeited or expired 

Options exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2021 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

Risk-Free Interest Rates 

Expected Life (in years) 

Expected Dividend Yield 

Expected
volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s common stock at the time of grant. The risk-free interest rate is
based on the U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected life of the options. For
the expected life, the Company is using the simplified method as described in the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin 107. This method assumes
that stock option grants will be exercised based on the average of the vesting periods and the option s life. 

The
weighted-average fair value of options granted in 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic values of stock
options outstanding and stock options vested or expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 was approximately for each. A stock option
has intrinsic value, at any given time, if and to the extent that the exercise price of such stock option is less than the market price
of the underlying common stock at such time. The weighted-average remaining contractual life of options vested or expected to vest as
of December 31, 2022 was years. 

The
intrinsic values of stock options exercised was approximately for the year ended December 31, 2021. stock options were exercised
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation awards
granted under the equity compensation plans which will be amortized over the weighted average remaining requisite service period of 
years. 

There
was tax benefit related to expense recognized in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as the Company is in a net operating
loss position. 

Restricted
Stock 

The
Company has issued restricted stock as compensation for the services of certain employees and non-employee directors. The grant date
fair value of restricted stock is based on the fair value of the common stock on the date of grant, and compensation expense is recognized
based on the period in which the restrictions lapse. 

Vested 

Nonvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

The
total fair value of restricted stock that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million,
respectively. 

Total
stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock was approximately and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively and is recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidate statement of operations
and comprehensive loss. 

Approximately
 of restricted stock was granted to employees during the year ended December 31, 2021 for services rendered during the year ended
December 31, 2020. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock-based awards granted under the equity
compensation plans, and during the year ended December 31, 2022, shares of restricted stock were forfeited as the conditions on
the vesting of the restricted stock could not be met. 

As
of December 31, 2021, there was approximately of unrecognized compensation expense related to the restricted stock awards which
will be amortized over the weighted average remaining requisite service period of years. 

The
aggregate shares of common stock legally issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 is greater than the aggregate shares of common
stock outstanding for accounting purposes by the amount of unvested restricted shares. 

SRP
Equity Incentive Plan 

SRP s
2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the SRP Plan was approved on May 7, 2019 under which shares of SRP s common
stock are reserved for the issuance of options, restricted stock and other stock awards. 

There
were SRP stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. SRP issued shares of restricted stock pursuant to the
SRP Plan during year ended December 31, 2022. Stock-based compensation expense related to the SRP stock grants was approximately 
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Granted 

Vested 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

SRP
stock grants are expensed over the respective vesting period, which was based on a service condition. Stock-based compensation expense
related to the SRP stock grants is presented by the Company as noncontrolling interest on the consolidated balance sheets as of December
31, 2022. 

shares of common stock to acquire of GenArraytion. The purchase price was million,
including transaction costs of approximately , and was allocated among the acquired assets based upon their relative fair values
at the date of acquisition. Fifty percent of the common shares issued were subject to a risk of forfeiture which lapsed during
the three months ended September 30, 2021. 

Noncontrolling
Interest 

Pursuant
to the terms and conditions of a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 9, 2018, among SRP and the purchasers identified
therein (the SRP Purchase Agreement ), SRP sold to such purchasers an aggregate of shares of its Series A Preferred
Stock (the Series A Preferred at a price of per share resulting in total gross proceeds of million. On February
1, 2022, SRP entered into a First Amendment to the SRP Purchase Agreement (the SRP Amendment with the holders of its outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred. The purpose of the SRP Amendment was to permit SRP to sell up to an additional shares of Series
A Preferred at one or more closings to occur by February 28, 2022, and on the same terms and conditions as otherwise set forth in the
SRP Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the SRP Amendment, on February 4, 2022, SRP conducted a closing in which it sold shares of
Series A Preferred, resulting in gross proceeds of . Approximately of the proceeds were recorded as an increase to the
equity of the non-controlling interests. The Company purchased shares of SRP s Series A Preferred at such closing and, as
a result, maintained its stock ownership position in SRP. The other purchasers at the February 4, 2022 closing included the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, who purchased shares, and Lambda Investors LLC Lambda ), an affiliate of Wexford Capital,
which beneficially owns approximately of the Company s common stock, which purchased shares of SRP s Series A
Preferred. Such purchases were made on the same terms as all other purchasers. In addition to the funds provided by the SRP Purchase
Agreement, Nephros and SRP continue to maintain a loan agreement under which Nephros agreed to lend up to million to SRP, including
the million borrowed during the year ended December 31, 2020. These loaned funds were used to fund SRP s operating activities
through the recent FDA 510(k) clearance process of SRP s second-generation hemodiafiltration system, which was initially submitted
to the FDA on February 24, 2021 and which received 510(k) clearance on May 13, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance
of this loan, including accrued interest, was million. 

Each
share of SRP Series A Preferred is initially convertible into one share of SRP common stock, subject to adjustment for stock splits and
recapitalization events. Subject to customary exempt issuances, in the event SRP issues additional shares of its common stock or securities
convertible into common stock at a per share price that is less than the original purchase price of the Series A Preferred, the conversion
price of the Series A Preferred will automatically be reduced to such lower price. 

In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of SRP, the holders of the Series A Preferred are entitled
to be paid out of the assets of SRP available for distribution to its stockholders or, in the case of a deemed liquidation event, out
of the consideration payable to stockholders in such deemed liquidation event or the available proceeds, before any payment shall be
made to the holders of SRP common stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to one times (1x) the Series
A Preferred original issue price, plus any accruing dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, whether or not declared, together with any
other dividends declared but unpaid thereon (the Series A Liquidation Preference ). If upon any such liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of SRP or deemed liquidation event, the assets of SRP available for distribution to its stockholders shall be insufficient
to pay the Series A Liquidation Preference in full, the holders of Series A Preferred shall share ratably in any distribution of the
assets available for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held
by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such shares were paid in full. After the full payment of
the Series A Liquidation Preference, the holders of the Series A Preferred and the holders of common stock will share ratably in any
remaining proceeds available for distribution on an as-converted to common stock basis. 

Each
share of Series A Preferred accrues dividends at the rate per annum of per share. The accruing dividends shall accrue from day
to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative and shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board. 

Holders
of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of common stock into which the
shares of Series A Preferred held by such holder are convertible as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote.
Except as provided by law or by the other provisions, the holders of Series A Preferred vote together with the holders of common stock
as a single class. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for as long as at least shares of Series A Preferred are outstanding, SRP is
required to obtain the affirmative vote or written consent of a majority of the Series A Preferred in order to effect certain corporate
transactions, including without limitation, the issuance of any securities senior to or on parity with the Series A Preferred, a liquidation
or deemed liquidation of SRP, amendments to SRP s charter documents, the issuance of indebtedness in excess of , any annual
budget for the Company s operations, and the hiring or firing of any executive officers of SRP. In addition, the holders of the
Series A Preferred are entitled to elect two members of SRP s board of directors. 

The
noncontrolling interest in SRP held by holders of the Series A Preferred has been classified as equity on the accompanying consolidated
interim balance sheet, as the noncontrolling interest is redeemable only upon the occurrence of events that are within the control of
the Company. 

In
March 2023, the board of directors of SRP adopted, and the stockholders of SRP approved, a plan to wind up SRP s operations and
dissolve. See Note 21 Subsequent Event, below. 

Warrants 

The
Company accounts for stock warrants as either equity instruments or derivative liabilities depending on the specific terms of the warrant
agreement. As of December 31, 2021 all of the Company s outstanding warrants were classified as equity. There are no outstanding
warrants at December 31, 2022. 

- 

March 2017 private placement warrants 

- 

Warrants
Exercised During 2022 and 2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock were exercised, resulting in
proceeds of million and the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock. Of the warrants exercised during the
year ended December 31, 2022, warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock were exercised by members of management,
resulting in proceeds of approximately . Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock expired unexercised,
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock upon the exercise of outstanding
warrants relating to an aggregate of shares of common stock. Of such shares issued, were issued in cash exercises
resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of million (the Cash Exercises and shares were issued in connection
with cashless (net) exercises of outstanding warrant relating to shares of common stock (the Cashless Exercises ).
Among the shares issued in connection with the Cash Exercises, shares were issued to the Company s largest stockholder,
which resulted in proceeds to the Company of million. Among the Cashless Exercises, shares of common stock were issued to
persons affiliated with members of the Company s management upon the exercise of warrants relating to shares. 

of employee contributions to the SIMPLE IRA Plan, up to of each employee s salary. The Company contributed and
expensed approximately and to the SIMPLE IRA in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million (approximately 
million). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s aggregate purchase commitments totaled 
million (approximately 
million). The company has agreed with Medica that it will make-up the 0.3 purchase shortfall based on anticipated future
revenues. 

Future
purchase commitments to under the License and Supply Agreement with Medica are as follows: 

2023:

2024:

2025:

The
Company s chief operating decision maker evaluates the financial performance of the Company s segments based upon segment
revenues, gross margin and operating expenses which include research and development and selling, general and administrative expenses.
Items below loss from operations are not reported by segment, since they are excluded from the measure of segment profitability reviewed
by the Company s chief operating decision maker. The Company does not report balance sheet information by segment since such information
is not reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker. 

The
accounting policies for the Company s segments are the same as those described in Item 7, Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

- 

Gross margin 
 
 - 

Research and development expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expense 
 
 - 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from continuing operations 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2021 

Water 
 Filtration 
 Renal 
 Products 
 Nephros, Inc. 
 Consolidated 
 
 Total net revenues 
 
 - 

Gross margin 
 
 - 

Research and development expenses 

Depreciation and amortization
 expense 
 
 - 

Selling, general and administrative
 expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from continuing operations 

As
of December 31, 2022, million of total assets in the Renal Products segment consisted of cash received from the loan agreement between
Nephros and SRP. 

million.
As a result, the Company does not expect to receive cash repayment of such indebtedness, but anticipates that all of SRP s
remaining assets, including all of its rights and interests in and to the technology and assets related to its second generation HDF
product, will be assigned to the Company in partial satisfaction of such indebtedness. The holders of SRP s outstanding common
stock and preferred stock are not expected to receive any return of capital from the liquidation of SRP. 

60 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There
were no disagreements with the accountants during 2022 or 2021. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon this evaluation,
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer has concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
December 31, 2022. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present
fairly in all material respects the financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework .
Based on the assessment, management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in the internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

On March 6 2023, the Board of Directors of Specialty
Renal Products, Inc. SRP ), the Company s subsidiary, approved a plan to wind down SRP s operations, liquidate
SRP s remaining assets and dissolve the company, which plan was approved by SRP s stockholders on March 9, 2023. As of such
date, the SRP Board of Directors believes that SRP s cash resources are sufficient to satisfy the company s outstanding liabilities,
other than its obligations under the loan agreement between SRP and the Company pursuant to which SRP has an existing balance of outstanding
principal and accrued interest of approximately 1.4 million. As a result, the Company does not expect to receive cash repayment of such
indebtedness, but anticipates that all of SRP s remaining assets, including all of its rights and interests in and to the technology
and assets related to its second generation HDF product, will be assigned to the Company in partial satisfaction of such indebtedness. 

61 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information set forth under the captions Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors, Corporate Governance 
and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the 2022 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information set forth under the caption Compensation Matters in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information set forth under the captions Stock Ownership of Management and Principal Stockholders and Compensation
Matters in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information set forth under the captions Corporate Governance and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
in the 2022 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference . 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
information set forth under the caption Proposal No. 2 Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

62 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
Documents filed as part of this report: 

(1)
Consolidated Financial Statements of Nephros, Inc. 

Report
of independent registered public accounting firm, Baker Tilly US, LLP. 1 Highwood Drive, Tewksbury, MA 01876, Firm ID - 
 
 Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements. 

(2)
Exhibits: 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Assets, dated October 4, 2022, by and between Nephros, Inc. and BWSI, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Nephros Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 21, 2022 (pursuant to Item 601(b)(2)(ii) of Regulation S-K, certain information contained in this Exhibit 2.1 has been redacted as indicated therein). 

3.1 
 
 Conformed Copy of the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporating those Certificates of Amendment dated June 4, 2007; June 29, 2007; November 13, 2007; October 23, 2009; March 10, 2011; March 11, 2011 and July 8, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-K for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, filed with the SEC on August 7, 2019. 

3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Nephros, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 3, 2007. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Nephros, Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-116162), filed with the SEC on July 20, 2004. 

4.2 
 
 Description of Capital Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Nephros, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2020. 

10.1 
 
 Nephros, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Nephros, Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. No. 333-116162), filed with the SEC on July 20, 2004. 

10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Nephros, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Nephros, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Reg. No. 333-127264), filed with the SEC on August 5, 2005. 

10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Nephros, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2007. 

63 

10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Nephros, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to Nephros, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2009 

10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Nephros, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Nephros, Inc. s Definitive Proxy Statement, filed with the SEC on December 2, 2010. 

10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to Nephros, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Nephros, Inc. s Definitive Proxy Statement, filed with the SEC on April 11, 2013. 

10.7 
 
 Amendment No. 6 to Nephros, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, dated June 14, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, filed with the SEC on August 13, 2013. 

10.8 
 
 Nephros, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 15, 2015. 

10.9 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 15, 2015. 

10.10 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 15, 2015. 

10.11 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 15, 2015. 

10.12 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 15, 2015. 

10.13 
 
 Nephros, Inc. Director Compensation Policy, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Nephros, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2018. 

10.14 
 
 License and Supply Agreement, dated April 23, 2012, between the Registrant and Medica S.p.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Nephros, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 26, 2012. 

10.15 
 
 Second Amendment to License and Supply Agreement, dated May 4, 2015, between the Registrant and Medica S.p.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2015. 

10.16 
 
 Third Amendment to License and Supply Agreement, dated May 5, 2017, between the Registrant and Medica S.p.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, filed with the SEC on May 9, 2017. 

10.17 
 
 Fourth Amendment to License and Supply Agreement, dated September 26, 2017, between the Registrant and Medica S.p.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Nephros, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 27, 2017. 

64 

10.18 
 
 Sublicense Agreement, dated May 6, 2015, between the Registrant and CamelBak Products, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2015.+ 

10.19 
 
 Second Amendment to Sublicense Agreement, dated January 30, 2019, between the Registrant and CamelBak Products, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Nephros, Inc s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on March 12, 2019. 

10.20 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 19, 2007, among the Registrant and the Holders, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Nephros, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 25, 2007. 

10.21 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, between the Registrant and Wexford Capital LP, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to Nephros, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-169728), filed with the SEC on October 1, 2010. 

10.22 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 4, 2013, between the Registrant and Wexford Capital LP, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to Nephros, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-187036), filed with the SEC on March 4, 2013. 

10.35 
 
 First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 23, 2013, between the Registrant and Wexford Capital LP, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, filed with the SEC on August 13, 2013. 

10.24 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 12, 2013, between the Registrant and Wexford Capital LP, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Nephros, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2013. 

10.25 
 
 First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 14, 2014, between the Registrant and Wexford Capital LP, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 14, 2014. 

10.26 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 29, 2014, between the Registrant and Wexford Capital LP, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Nephros, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 3, 2014. 

10.27 
 
 First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 23, 2014, between the Registrant and Wexford Capital LP, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2014. 

10.28 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated March 17, 2017, among the Registrant and the Purchasers identified therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Nephros, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 23, 2017. 

10.29 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 5, 2018, among Specialty Renal Products, Inc. and the Purchasers identified therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018. 

10.30 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation for Specialty Renal Products, Inc., dated September 5, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018. 

65 

10.31 
 
 Amendment dated December 10, 2018, to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Specialty Renal Products, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Nephros, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 10, 2018. 

10.32 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated September 5, 2018, among Specialty Renal Products, Inc. and the Purchasers identified therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018. 

10.33 
 
 Voting Agreement, dated September 5, 2018, among Specialty Renal Products, Inc. and the Purchasers identified therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018. 

10.34 
 
 Right of First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement, dated September 5, 2018, among Specialty Renal Products, Inc. and the Purchasers identified therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2018. 

10.35 
 
 Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 26, 2020, by and between Tech Capital, LLC and the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Nephros Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on August 5, 2020. 

10.36 
 
 Amended and Restated Secured Promissory Note (Single Advance Non-Revolving), dated May 26, 2020, issued by the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on August 5, 2020. 

10.37 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Andrew Astor, dated August 23, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 5, 2020. 

10.38 
 
 Loan Agreement between the Registrant and Specialty Renal Products, dated October 7, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Nephros, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 13, 2020. 

10.39 
 
 8 Convertible Promissory Note, from Specialty Renal Products, Inc. to the Registrant, dated October 7, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Nephros, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 13, 2020. 

10.40 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 30, 2020, between Wesley S. Lobo and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to Nephros, Inc. s Annual Report on From 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 

10.41 
 
 First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated January 19, 2022, between the Company and Specialty Renal Products, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Nephros Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022). 

10.42 
 
 First Amendment to Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 1, 2022, among Specialty Renal Products, Inc. and the Purchaser parties identified therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022). 

10.43 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Specialty Renal Products, Inc., dated February 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Nephros, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Nephros, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Baker Tilly US, LLP Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page). 

31.1 
 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
 
 Interactive
 Data File. 

Filed
 herewith. 

Management
 contract or compensatory plan arrangement. 
 
 + 
 Confidential
 treatment has been granted for certain portions omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

66 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NEPHROS,
 INC. 
 
 Date:
 March 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Andrew Astor 

Name: 
 Andrew
 Astor 

Title: 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

We,
the undersigned directors and officers of Nephros, Inc., hereby severally constitute and lawfully appoint Andrew Astor, our true and
lawful attorney-in-fact with full power to him to sign for us, in our names in the capacities indicated below, the Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Nephros, Inc. and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits
thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact
and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all
intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent,
or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Andrew Astor 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Andrew
 Astor 
 
 (Principal
 Executive and Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Arthur H. Amron 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Arthur
 H. Amron 

/s/
 Oliver Spandow 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Oliver
 Spandow 

/s/
 Alisa Lask 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Alisa
 Lask 

/s/Joe
 Harris 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Joe
 Harris 

67 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Nephros, Inc. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Percentage
 Equity 
 
 Biocon
 1, LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 100 
 
 Aether
 Water Systems, LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 100 
 
 Specialty
 Renal Products, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 62.5 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements of Nephros, Inc. on Form S-8 (Nos 333-127264; 333-148236; 333-188592; 333-205167; 333-223849; 333-232707,
333-238563 and 333-256712) and on Form S-3 (Nos 333-225109, 333-232708, 333-234528 and 333-259370), of our report dated March 23, 2023,
relating to the consolidated financial statements of Nephros, Inc. and Subsidiaries, as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 

Tewksbury, Massachusetts 

March 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I, Andrew Astor, certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nephros, Inc.; 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 

/s/
Andrew Astor 

Andrew Astor 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Nephros, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Andrew Astor, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my
knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 

/s/ Andrew Astor 

Andrew Astor 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 neph-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 neph-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 neph-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 neph-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

