<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230214_10-K_edgar_data_7084_0000007084-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21865380</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>478235</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3317828</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7945012</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5132702</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4529427</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000007084-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214160923
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000007084-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		128
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Archer-Daniels-Midland Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000007084
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FATS & OILS [2070]
		IRS NUMBER:				410129150
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00044
		FILM NUMBER:		23629189

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		77 W. WACKER DR.
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-634-8233

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		77 W. WACKER DR.
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARCHER DANIELS MIDLAND CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000007084-23-000010.txt : 20230214

10-K
 1
 adm-20221231.htm
 10-K

adm-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _________________ to _________________ 
 
 Commission file number 

MPANY 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I. R. S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated Filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1 (b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 
 Common Stock, no par value billion 
 (Based on the closing sale price of Common Stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange 
 as of June 30, 2022) 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 
 Common Stock, no par value shares 
 (February 13, 2023) 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking information within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that is subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, expressed, or implied by such forward-looking information. Risks and uncertainties that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Item 1A, "Risk Factors" included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as may be updated in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. To the extent permitted under applicable law, Archer-Daniels- Midland Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item No. 
 Description Page No . 
 Part I 1. Business 
 4 
 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 2. Properties 
 23 
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 Part II 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 6. [Reserv e d ] 
 27 
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 105 
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 105 
 9B. Other Information 
 105 
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 105 
 Part III 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 106 
 11. Executive Compensation 
 108 
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 108 
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 108 
 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 108 
 Part IV 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 109 
 16. Form 10-K Summary 113 
 Signatures 
 114 

3 

PART I 

Item 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (the Company or ADM) unlocks the power of nature to enrich the quality of life. The Company is an indispensable global agricultural supply chain manager and processor; a premier human and animal nutrition provider; a trailblazer in groundbreaking solutions to support healthier living; an industry-leading innovator in replacing petroleum-based products; and a leader in sustainability. ADM s breadth, depth, insights, facilities and logistical expertise give the Company unparalleled capabilities to meet demand driven by global trends related to food security, health and well-being, and sustainability of the agriculture and food value chains. From the seed of the idea to the outcome of the solution, ADM gives customers an edge in solving the nutritional and sustainability challenges of today and tomorrow. 
 
 The Company is one of the world s leading producers of ingredients for sustainable nutrition. From staple foods, such as flour, oils, and sweeteners, to innovative alternatives like plant-based meat and dairy, ADM offers the industry s broadest portfolio of food and beverage solutions. The Company is also a leader in animal nutrition. Today, more and more people want to feed their pets with the same kind of clean, simple, and healthy products that they eat themselves, and consumers expect livestock and poultry to be fed and raised naturally, humanely, and sustainably. ADM offers a range of ingredients, flavors, and solutions from nature to meet every animal s needs. 
 
 ADM is a global leader in health and well-being, with an industry-leading range of probiotics, enzymes, supplements, and more to meet the needs of consumers looking for new ways to live healthier lives. The Company is also leading the way to a future of new plant-based consumer and industrial solutions to replace petroleum-based products. 
 
 ADM also has significant investments and joint ventures that aim to expand or enhance the market for its products or offer other benefits including, but not limited to, geographic or product-line expansion. 
 
 At ADM, sustainable practices and a focus on environmental responsibility are foundational to the Company s purpose and culture, and integral to the growth strategy of the Company and to the work the Company does every day to serve customers and create value for shareholders. ADM s Board of Directors actively oversees the Company s sustainability strategy through a board-level Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee (Sustainability Committee), and ADM s Chief Sustainability Officer is part of the core strategy team and reports to the Chief Strategy Officer. 
 
 Utilizing ADM s unique position in the agricultural value chain, including relationships with 210,000 farmers and an unparalleled global origination, transportation, and processing network, the Company is enhancing sustainability across the multiple value chains in which it operates. ADM works with growers by supporting them with personalized services and innovative technologies and partnering with them to develop and enhance sustainable and regenerative practices. The Company is actively working to improve the efficiency of its facilities and vehicles, finding alternative uses for waste, reusing and recycling water, and sequestering carbon at its onsite capture and storage facility. ADM s broad array of products from nature are meeting needs for more sustainable solutions spanning food and beverage, fuels, and industrial and consumer products. 
 
 The Company s environmental goals, collectively called Strive 35 an ambitious plan to, by 2035, reduce from a 2019 baseline absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 25 percent, reduce absolute Scope 3 emissions by 25 percent, reduce energy intensity by 15 percent, reduce water intensity by 10 percent, and achieve a 90 percent landfill diversion rate are part of an aggressive plan to continue to reduce the Company s environmental footprint. 
 
 The Company is equally committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion. ADM fundamentally values the differences between individuals and believes a variety of perspectives makes for a better company. 
 
 The Company s innovation and expertise are helping people live healthier lives and support a healthier planet. The Company s globally-integrated footprint combines with local insights to give ADM capabilities few other companies have ensuring that it meets critical and global needs. 

4 

Item 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Segment Descriptions 
 The Company s operations are organized, managed, and classified into three reportable business segments: Ag Services and Oilseeds, Carbohydrate Solutions, and Nutrition. Each of these segments is organized based upon the nature of products and services offered. The Company s remaining operations are not reportable business segments, as defined by the applicable accounting standard, and are classified as Other Business. Financial information with respect to the Company s reportable business segments is set forth in Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 herein, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (Item 8). 
 
 Ag Services and Oilseeds 
 
 The Ag Services and Oilseeds segment includes global activities related to the origination, merchandising, transportation, and storage of agricultural raw materials, and the crushing and further processing of oilseeds such as soybeans and soft seeds (cottonseed, sunflower seed, canola, rapeseed, and flaxseed) into vegetable oils and protein meals. Oilseeds products produced and marketed by the segment include ingredients for food, feed, energy, and industrial customers. Crude vegetable oils produced by the segment s crushing activities are sold as is to manufacturers of renewable green diesel and other customers or are further processed by refining, blending, bleaching, and deodorizing into salad oils. Salad oils are sold as is or are further processed by hydrogenating and/or interesterifying into margarine, shortening, and other food products. Partially refined oils are used to produce biodiesel and glycols or are sold to other manufacturers for use in chemicals, paints, and other industrial products. Oilseed protein meals are principally sold to third parties to be used as ingredients in commercial livestock and poultry feeds. The Ag Services and Oilseeds segment is also a major supplier of peanuts and peanut-derived ingredients to both the U.S. and export markets. In North America, cotton cellulose pulp is manufactured and sold to the chemical, paper, and other industrial markets. The Ag Services and Oilseeds segment s grain sourcing, handling, and transportation network (including barge, ocean-going vessel, truck, rail, and container freight services) provides reliable and efficient services to the Company s customers and agricultural processing operations. The Ag Services and Oilseeds segment also includes agricultural commodity and feed product import, export, and global distribution, and structured trade finance activities. The Company engages in various structured trade finance activities to leverage its global trade flows. 
 
 The Company has a 32.2 equity interest in Pacificor. Pacificor owns and operates grain export elevators in Kalama, Washington and Portland, Oregon. 
 
 The Company has a 22.5 equity interest in Wilmar International Limited (Wilmar), a Singapore publicly listed company. Wilmar is a leading global agribusiness group headquartered in Asia engaged in the businesses of packaged oils and packaged foods, oil palm cultivation, oilseeds crushing, edible oils refining, sugar milling and refining, specialty fats, oleo chemicals, biodiesel and fertilizers manufacturing, and grains processing. 
 
 The Company has a 50.0 equity interest in Stratas Foods LLC, a joint venture between ADM and ACH Jupiter, LLC, a subsidiary of Associated British Foods, that procures, packages, and sells edible oils in North America. 
 
 The Company has a 50.0 equity interest in Edible Oils Limited, a joint venture between ADM and Princes Limited to procure, package, and sell edible oils in the United Kingdom. The Company also formed a joint venture with Princes Limited in Poland to procure, package, and sell edible oils in Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, and Austria. 
 
 The Company has a 37.5 equity interest in Olenex Sarl (Olenex), a joint venture between ADM and Wilmar that produces and sells a comprehensive portfolio of edible oils and fats to customers around the globe. In addition, Olenex markets refined oils and fats from the Company s plants in the Czech Republic, Germany, the Netherlands, Poland, and the U.K. 
 The Company has a 50.0 equity interest in SoyVen, a joint venture between ADM and Cargill to provide soybean meal and oil for customers in Egypt. 
 
 The Company is a supplier of raw materials to Wilmar, Stratas Foods LLC, Edible Oils Limited, SoyVen, and Olenex. 

5 

Item 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Carbohydrate Solutions 
 
 The Carbohydrate Solutions segment is engaged in corn and wheat wet and dry milling and other activities. The Carbohydrate Solutions segment converts corn and wheat into products and ingredients used in the food and beverage industry including sweeteners, corn and wheat starches, syrup, glucose, wheat flour, and dextrose. Dextrose and starch are used by the Carbohydrate Solutions segment as feedstocks in other downstream processes. By fermentation of dextrose, the Carbohydrate Solutions segment produces alcohol and other food and animal feed ingredients. Ethyl alcohol is produced by the Company for industrial use in products such as hand sanitizers and ethanol for use in gasoline due to its ability to increase octane as an extender and oxygenate. Corn gluten feed and meal, as well as distillers grains, are produced for use as animal feed ingredients. Corn germ, a by-product of the wet milling process, is further processed into vegetable oil and protein meal. Other Carbohydrate Solutions products include citric acids, which are used in various food and industrial products. The Carbohydrate Solutions segment has announced various memorandums of understanding with potential strategic partners leveraging our core production capabilities and carbon sequestration experience to facilitate the production of low carbon, bio-based products such as sustainable aviation fuel and innovative renewable chemicals. In November 2021, the Company sold its ethanol production complex in Peoria, Illinois. In August 2022, the Company launched two joint ventures, GreenWise Lactic and LG Chem Illinois Biochem, with LG Chem, a leading global diversified chemical company, for the U.S. production of lactic acid and polylactic acid to meet growing demand for a wide variety of plant-based products, including bioplastics. 
 
 The Company has a 50.0 equity interest in Hungrana Ltd. which operates a corn wet milling plant in Hungary. 
 
 The Company has a 50.0 equity interest in Almidones Mexicanos S.A. which operates a corn wet milling plant in Mexico. 
 
 The Company has a 50.0 equity interest in Aston Foods and Food Ingredients, a Russian-based sweeteners and starches business. 
 
 Nutrition 
 
 The Nutrition segment serves various end markets including food, beverages, nutritional supplements, and feed premix and additives for livestock, aquaculture, and pet food. The segment engages in the manufacturing, sale, and distribution of a wide array of ingredients and solutions including plant-based proteins, natural flavors, flavor systems, natural colors, emulsifiers, soluble fiber, polyols, hydrocolloids, probiotics, prebiotics, enzymes, botanical extracts, and other specialty food and feed ingredients. The Nutrition segment includes the activities related to the procurement, processing, and distribution of edible beans. The segment also includes activities related to the processing and distribution of formula feeds and animal health and nutrition products and the manufacture of contract and private label pet treats and foods. 
 
 The Company has a 45.3 equity interest in Vimison S.A. de C.V., a leader in the animal nutrition industry in Mexico. 
 
 Other Business 
 
 Other Business includes the Company s remaining operations as described below. 
 
 ADM Investor Services, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is a registered futures commission merchant and a clearing member of all principal commodities exchanges in the U.S. ADM Investor Services International Limited, a member of several derivative and commodity exchanges and clearing houses in Europe, ADMIS Singapore Pte. Limited, a clearing member of the Singapore exchange, and ADMIS Hong Kong Limited, are wholly owned subsidiaries of ADM offering brokerage services in Europe and Asia. 
 
 Insurance activities include Agrinational Insurance Company (Agrinational) and its subsidiaries. Agrinational, a wholly owned subsidiary of ADM, provides insurance coverage for certain property, casualty, marine, credit, medical, and other miscellaneous risks of the Company. Agrinational also participates in certain third-party reinsurance arrangements. 

6 

Item 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Corporate 
 
 Corporate includes the activities related to cost method investments in early-stage start-up companies within ADM Ventures. In addition to identifying companies to invest in, ADM Ventures also works on select high-potential, new product development projects and alternative business models, all with the objective of supporting the Company s strategic objectives. 
 
 Methods of Distribution 
 
 The Company s products are distributed mainly in bulk from processing plants or storage facilities directly to customers facilities. The Company has developed a comprehensive transportation capability to efficiently move both commodities and processed products virtually anywhere in the world. The Company owns or leases trucks, trailers, railroad tank and hopper cars, river barges, towboats, and ocean-going vessels used to transport the Company s products to its customers. 
 
 Concentration of Revenues by Product 
 
 The following products accounted for 10 or more of revenues for the following periods: 
 
 of Revenues Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Soybeans 17 18 18 Corn 14 14 12 Soybean Meal 12 12 14 
 
 Status of New Products 
 
 The Company continues to expand the size and global reach of its business through the development of new products. Acquisitions, especially in the Nutrition segment, expand the Company s ability to unlock the potential of nature and serve customers evolving and expanding nutritional needs through its offering of natural flavor and ingredient products. The Company does not expect any individual new product to have a significant impact on the Company s revenues in 2023. 
 
 Source and Availability of Raw Materials 
 
 A significant majority of the Company s raw materials are agricultural commodities. In addition, the Company sources specific fruits, vegetables, and nuts for extracts to make flavors and colors. In any single year, the availability and price of these commodities are subject to factors such as changes in weather conditions, plantings, government programs and policies, competition, changes in global demand, changes in standards of living, and global production of similar and competitive crops. The Company s raw materials are procured from thousands of growers, grain elevators, and wholesale merchants in North America, South America, Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA), Asia, and Australia, pursuant primarily to short-term (less than one year) agreements or on a spot basis. The Company is not dependent upon any particular grower, elevator, or merchant as a source for its raw materials. 
 
 Some of the principal crops that ADM sources and processes present specific climate change risks. For example, South American soy and global palm present risks of deforestation due to their proximity to the forest and other high-carbon-value landscapes. In addition, when not managed appropriately, row crops such as corn, soy, wheat, and canola present environmental risks such as water quality impairment, erosion, soil degradation, and GHG emissions. However, these crops also present an opportunity to combat climate change through their ability to sequester carbon in the soil using regenerative agricultural practices. In 2022, ADM launched its re: generations program to engage and encourage growers in its supply chain to implement regenerative agriculture practices. In the first year of the program, the Company exceeded its goal to enroll one million acres. 

7 

Item 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Under the stewardship of ADM s Board of Directors, the Company has established several key social and environmental policies that collectively outline expectations for its employees, business partners and contractors, and the Company as a whole with respect to its sourcing operations. These policies set the standards that govern the Company s approach to environmental stewardship, employee conduct, and raw material sourcing, among other areas, and outline ADM s positions on issues of widespread public interest. These standards are included in, among others, the Company s Code of Conduct; Environment, Health, and Safety Policy; Human Rights Policy; Commitment to Protect Forests, Biodiversity, and Communities; Statement on Genetically Modified Organisms; Statement on Animal Testing; Commitment to Anti-Corruption Compliance; Protocol for Managing Supplier Non-Compliance and ADM Supplier Expectations, all of which are available on the Company s website (see Item 1, Business - Available Information). 
 
 In addition to policies, a portion of the Company s commodity sourcing is conducted using third-party certification programs including ADM Responsible Soy, Biomass Biofuel Sustainability Voluntary Scheme, Round Table for Responsible Soy, International Sustainability and Carbon Certification, Round Table on Sustainable Palm Oil, and U.S. Soy Sustainability Assurance Protocol. These programs have standards that are established to provide transparency on specific sustainability-related criteria. ADM procures canola, soybeans, and palm under these programs. 
 
 Trademarks, Brands, Recipes, and other Intellectual Property 
 
 The Company owns trademarks, brands, recipes, and other intellectual property including patents, with a net book value of 809 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company does not consider any segment of its business to be dependent upon any single or group of trademarks, brands, recipes, or other intellectual property. 
 
 Seasonality, Working Capital Needs, and Significant Customers 
 
 Since the Company is widely diversified in global agribusiness markets, there are no material seasonal fluctuations in overall global processing volumes and the sale and distribution of its products and services. There is a degree of seasonality in the growing cycles, procurement, and transportation of the Company s principal raw materials: oilseeds, corn, wheat, and other grains. The Company has seasonal financing arrangements with farmers in certain countries around the world. Typically, advances on these financing arrangements occur during the planting season and are repaid at harvest. 
 
 The prices of agricultural commodities, which may fluctuate significantly and change quickly, directly affect the Company s working capital requirements. Because the Company has a higher portion of its operations in the northern hemisphere, principally North America and Europe, relative to the southern hemisphere, primarily South America, inventory levels typically peak after the northern hemisphere fall harvest and are generally lower during the northern hemisphere summer months. Working capital requirements have historically trended with inventory levels. 
 
 No material part of the Company s business is dependent upon a single customer or very few customers. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The Company has significant competition in the markets in which it operates based principally on price, foreign exchange rates, quality, global supply, and alternative products, some of which are made from different raw materials than those utilized by the Company. Given the commodity-based nature of many of its businesses, the Company, on an ongoing basis, focuses on managing unit costs and improving efficiency through technology improvements, productivity enhancements, and regular evaluation of the Company s asset portfolio. The Company s Nutrition business is a vertically integrated business that provides ingredients and solutions for human, animal, and pet in a highly competitive environment with a variety of companies offering the same products and services. The industry includes ingredient suppliers, contract manufacturers, global fast moving consumer goods companies, and private label brands, as well as smaller companies that specialize in specific niche markets. The Company focuses on staying ahead of the curve in terms of innovation and science-based solutions, building direct-to-consumer sales channels and focusing on consumer needs, expanding into new markets, building strategic partnerships, leveraging data and technology, and building a strong distribution network. 

8 

Item 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Research and Development 
 
 Research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, net of reimbursements of government grants, was 216 million. 
 
 The Company s laboratories and technical innovation centers around the world enhance its ability to interact with customers globally, not only to provide flavors, but also to support the sales of other food ingredients. Since the acquisition of Wild Flavors in 2014, additional laboratories have been added, including food beverages applications laboratories in Fort Collins, Colorado; Bergamo, Italy; Shanghai, China; and Rotterdam, Netherlands. The Company also expanded laboratories in Decatur and Champaign, Illinois. In 2021, the Company also opened a plant-based innovation laboratory hub in Singapore to develop nutritious products to meet growing food and beverage demand in the Asia-Pacific region. In March 2022, ADM opened a state-of-the-art Customer Creation Innovation Center in Hortolandia, Brazil, that has technical capabilities that allow it to serve customers in Latin America and globally. In April 2022, the Company announced a new protein innovation center to further expand ADM s innovation complex in Decatur, Illinois and enhance the Company s ability to work closely with customers to develop custom solutions to meet their needs. The new innovation center, which is expected to be inaugurated by the second half of 2023, will bring together laboratories, test kitchens, and pilot-scale production capabilities to power new innovation. 
 
 The Company expanded its human health and nutrition portfolio in 2017 with the acquisition of a controlling interest in Biopolis SL (Biopolis), a leading provider of probiotics and genomic services. Biopolis provides genomic sequencing capabilities for the Company s customers as well as for its internal use. Biopolis also has high through-put biological functionality testing capabilities that can be used to discover new probiotics and nutraceuticals. In January 2018, the Company announced a joint development agreement with Vland Biotech to develop and commercialize enzymes for animal feed. In April 2018, the Company opened its new enzyme development laboratory in Davis, California to advance the research and development of feed enzyme as well as enzymes for internal use. In August 2018, the Company further expanded its probiotics business with the acquisition of Probiotics International Limited. In October 2021, the Company announced an agreement with Qingdao Vland Biotech Group Co., Ltd., a leading producer of enzymes and probiotics, to form a joint venture to manufacture and sell human probiotics to serve the growing Chinese demand. 
 
 With the acquisition of Neovia in early 2019, ADM further expanded its research and development capabilities in Animal Nutrition, globally. In December 2019, the Company opened a new Animal Nutrition technology center in Decatur, Illinois, to further expand its animal nutrition capabilities to support customer innovation in pet and aqua food production in North America. In November 2021, the Company opened a new animal nutrition laboratory in Rolle, Switzerland to support the development of science-based feed additives to meet worldwide customer needs for pet food, aquaculture, and livestock species. In January 2022, the Company opened its aquaculture innovation laboratory in Decatur, Illinois. This laboratory extends ADM s international research and development capabilities to a new region, building on existing aquaculture research facilities located in Brazil, Mexico, and Vietnam. 
 
 ADM Ventures continues to select high-potential, new product development projects in partnership with the business units. ADM Ventures further expanded its equity investments and has early-stage start-up companies in its portfolio which are focused on areas involved in developing next generation products for human and animal nutrition, microbiome technologies, and AgTech, and is continually looking at others in which ADM may choose to invest. For example, the Company is continuing to explore opportunities around precision fermentation in which microbes, rapidly grown in fermenters fed by dextrose, transform the sugars into a wide variety of products for food, feed, and fiber. These investments allow for strategic insights as well as collaboration opportunities, which the team is aggressively pursuing. 
 
 The Company is continuing to invest in research to develop a broad range of key intermediate materials that serve as platforms for producing a variety of sustainable packaging products. Conversion technologies include utilizing expertise in fermentation, process chemistry, and catalysis. The Company s current portfolio includes products that are in the early development phase and those that are close to pilot plant demonstration. The Company has a memorandum of understanding with P2 Science Inc. to evaluate product opportunities in plant-based, renewable chemicals and materials. 

9 

Item 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

In August 2022, the Company launched two joint ventures with LG Chem for U.S. production of lactic acid and polylactic acid to meet growing demand for a wide variety of plant-based products, including bioplastics. Pending final investment decisions, the joint ventures have chosen Decatur, Illinois as the location of their intended production facilities. Also in August 2022, the Company and Nurasa inaugurated the ScaleUp Bio joint venture. ScaleUp Bio entered into a multi-year partnership with the Agency for Science, Technology, and Research s Singapore Institute of Food and Biotechnology Innovation to establish a joint laboratory focused on precision fermentation. The joint laboratory will provide technological development and precision fermentation for companies producing a wide variety of bio-based products, including alternative proteins, to serve growing consumer demand in Singapore and the wider Asia-Pacific region. Scheduled to be operational in the first quarter of 2023, the joint laboratory will be situated within the Biopolis innovation center in Singapore. 
 
 In October 2020, the Company announced a long-term agreement with Spiber, Inc. (Spiber) to expand the production of Spiber s innovative brewed protein polymers for use in apparel and other consumer products. The Company also announced in 2020 its plans to collaborate with InnovaFeed on the construction and operation of the world s largest insect protein production site, collocated with ADM s corn processing complex in Decatur, Illinois. 
 
 In August 2022, the Company announced a long-term strategic partnership with Benson Hill, Inc., a food tech company unlocking the natural genetic diversity of plants, to scale innovative high protein soy ingredients that will help meet the rapidly growing demand for plant-based proteins. The partnership will serve a variety of plant-based food and beverage markets to meet the savory, sweet, and dairy needs of customers. 
 
 Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) 
 
 The Company knows that the health of our natural resources is critical to our future, and that its commitments to sustainable practices will result in a stronger ADM and a better world. ADM is committed to being a force for change in developing innovative, sustainable solutions in agriculture, food and nutrition, industrial and consumer products, energy, and packaging materials while pursuing ways to continually improve the Company s efforts in both protecting the environment and enhancing environmental sustainability. The United Nations Development Programme created the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) blueprint as a universal call to action to end poverty, protect the planet, and ensure that all people enjoy peace and prosperity. ADM focuses its efforts toward goals that align with its business objectives and allow the Company to make the greatest contribution towards the achievement of the SDG, specifically Zero Hunger, Clean Water and Sanitation, Decent Work and Economic Growth, Climate Action, and Life On Land. 
 
 Governance 
 The Sustainability Committee of the Board actively oversees the Company s objectives, goals, strategies, and activities relating to sustainability and corporate responsibility matters. The Sustainability Committee also oversees the Company s compliance with sustainability and corporate responsibility laws and regulations, assesses performance relating to industry benchmarks, and assists the Board of Directors in ensuring that the Company operates as a sustainable organization and responsible corporate citizen in order to enhance shareholder value and protect ADM s reputation. The Company s Chief Sustainability Officer works with the Chair of the Sustainability Committee to set the agendas for the meetings and also attends the meetings. As for ADM management, the Executive Council of ADM, the Company s highest strategic and operational body, provides close supervision of the Company s ESG efforts and in-depth review of sustainability issues. Because the Company considers sustainability integral to its strategy, the Chief Sustainability Officer reports to the Chief Strategy Officer and is a key member of the strategy team. Furthermore, regional sustainability teams, along with the corporate sustainability team, support the Chief Sustainability Officer to drive sustainability efforts in the Company s facilities and supply chains around the world. ADM s sustainability efforts are also supported by the Centers of Excellence (CoE), such as the Utilities CoE, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion CoE, and Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) CoE, each of which drives efficiency programs in its area of focus. 
 
 Strategy 
 The Company aims to mitigate climate change through renewable product and process innovations, supply chain efforts including a commitment to no-deforestation and regenerative agriculture, and a strategic approach to operational excellence with a focus on enhancing the efficiency of ADM s production plants throughout its global operations. 

10 

Item 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

ADM believes sustainability is critical to its future growth strategy. ADM s strategic plan of sustainable growth leverages the trends and technologies in sustainability to help the Company grow and create value for its stakeholders. Ag Services and Oilseeds is focused on traceability of sourcing and differentiation and working with growers on low carbon agricultural practices and products. Carbohydrate Solutions is focused on decarbonization efforts that increasingly position the segment to offer low-carbon intensity feedstocks for biosolutions and biomaterials, including fuel solutions, to replace petroleum-based products. Nutrition is focused on developing alternative proteins that can reduce the amount of animal-based proteins that are sources of methane and GHG emissions. The growth of these projects and businesses will be integral to supporting the objective of helping the planet limit total global warming to the 1.5 C threshold indicated by the United Nations. In 2022, the Company added the achievement of gender parity and greenhouse gas emission goals to executive performance measurement to reflect the strategic importance of ESG to its business. 
 
 Moreover, ADM has a large industrial footprint and believes it is important to reduce GHG emissions related to its business activities and the entire agricultural supply chain. The Company continues to use internal and external resources to identify opportunities and take action to reduce its GHG emissions globally to meet its continued commitment to mitigate the effects of climate change. 
 
 In 2020, ADM announced its environmental stewardship goals, collectively called Strive 35 an ambitious plan to, by 2035, reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 25 percent from a 2019 baseline, reduce energy intensity by 15 percent, reduce water intensity by 10 percent, and achieve a 90 percent landfill diversion rate. To support the Company s Strive 35 environmental goals, ADM developed a feasibility study with a leading engineering professional services firm that provides the technology pathway for absolute reduction of GHG by 2035. The Company has also committed to develop a global strategy focused on improving community well-being in priority watersheds, including water-stressed areas, by 2025. In 2022, the Company achieved full traceability of its direct and indirect sourcing throughout its soy supply chains in Brazil, Paraguay, and Argentina. ADM aims to eliminate deforestation from all of the Company s supply chains by 2025. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company reduced absolute GHG emissions by 6 and achieved 83.8 of its waste diverted from landfill. 
 
 In 2021, ADM announced its Scope 3 GHG reduction goal, focused upon the five most material Scope 3 categories for the Company: purchased goods and services; fuel and energy related emissions; upstream transportation and distribution; waste; and processing of solid products/goods. ADM aims to reduce its absolute Scope 3 emissions by 25 from a 2019 baseline by 2035. 
 
 In 2022, the Company published ADM s Net Zero Aspiration: Carbon Reduction Program Assessment, a report of ADM s carbon reduction progress and exploration to support its aspiration of net zero emissions by 2050 at the latest. The report can be accessed through the Company s website at http://www.adm.com. 
 
 The Company anticipates spending between 270 million to 430 million on capital projects to achieve the Strive 35 targets. ADM has spent 87 million on projects in support of these goals since inception, of which 64 million was spent in 2022. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company spent 56 million specifically to improve equipment, facilities, and programs for pollution control and compliance with the requirements of various environmental agencies. 
 
 There have been no material effects upon the earnings and competitive position of the Company resulting from compliance with applicable laws or regulations enacted or adopted relating to the protection of the environment. 
 
 ADM s corporate social investment program, ADM Cares, aligns the Company s corporate giving with its business strategies and sustainability objectives. Through the program, ADM works to sustain and strengthen its commitment to communities where ADM colleagues work, live, and operate by directing funding to initiatives and organizations driving meaningful social, economic, and environmental progress. The ADM Cares team evaluates potential projects submitted for funding to ensure they meet eligibility criteria, such as initiatives that support education, food security and hunger relief, or safe, responsible, and environmentally sound agricultural practices in critical growing regions around the world. In 2022, the Company directed 13 million to support Ukrainian colleagues and extend philanthropic support to those in need, including direct financial support, housing, and grants to non-profit organizations, such as the World Food Programme and Doctors Without Borders. 
 
 11 

Item 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Scenario Analysis 
 In line with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Disclosures, ADM conducted an analysis using three scenarios: 1.5 C (based on IPCC SSP1), 2 C (based on IEA WEO 450 Scenario), and 2.6 C (based on IEA INDC Scenario). The first scenario assumes a rapid transition to a low carbon world in the next decade, limiting temperature increase to 1.5 C. This involves a high degree of transformation across the economy. Under this scenario, the worst anticipated physical impacts of climate change are avoided. The second scenario involves ambitious actions to mitigate climate change, limiting temperature increase to 2 C. This scenario requires greater policy action; however, there is still an increase in physical climate-related impacts. The third scenario is based on the current status quo with no changes to policies or actions and an anticipated increase in global temperature by 2.6 C resulting in increased physical impacts of climate change. ADM used these scenarios as written by the sources, except in the case of the third, status quo scenario, where transition risks were evaluated based on the Company s existing commitments: Strive 35. 
 
 In each of the scenarios, the Company identified potential sourcing shifts and limitations, operational changes, physical impacts, and opportunities. The primary risks identified fall into two categories: physical and transition. Key opportunities are related to product and service offerings. 
 
 Physical Risks 
 Increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events such as hurricanes/cyclones and floods could lead to increased direct costs from the disruption of supply chains and impair the Company s ability to deliver products to customers in a timely manner. Increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events such as hurricanes/cyclones and floods could lead to increased sourcing costs due to limited availability of agricultural commodities and impact ADM s ability to produce goods, which would directly affect revenues. Transition Risks 
 Emerging regulation and carbon pricing mechanisms could result in increased operational costs and/or tax liabilities in the short to medium term. 
 Market demand has a direct effect on production, as well as sustainable sourcing initiatives. Changes in consumer demands could result in additional cost of implementation that may not be overcome by product sales. 
 ADM uses coal-fired cogeneration technology to meet a sizeable portion of its energy demand. The Company is working to reduce the carbon footprint of its operations and making capital investments in its facilities and new technologies. 
 Products and Services Opportunities 
 Development and expansion of low-emission goods and services could lead to increased revenues resulting from increased demand. As various renewable fuel standards are implemented around the world, ADM has an opportunity to capitalize on the increased demand through the production and sale of ethanol, biodiesel, and renewable diesel. 
 As more businesses and consumers look to renewable products, development of new products or services could lead to increased revenues through access to new and emerging markets. 

The Company reviewed the results of the scenario analysis with a cross-functional team of individuals from finance, strategy, sustainability, operations, legal, and risk management. As part of the Company s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process, the risks identified from the scenario analysis have been reviewed by the ERM team for mitigation actions. 
 
 Risk Management 
 See Item 1A, Risk Factors for the discussion of climate-related risks. 
 
 Metrics and Targets 
 Metrics and targets are available in ADM s Corporate Sustainability Report which can be accessed through its website at http://www.adm.com. 
 
 References to the Company s website address in this report are provided as a convenience and are not incorporated by reference. See Available Information on page 15 for more information. 

12 

Item 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Income Taxes 
 The Company has a responsibility to ensure that all ADM businesses within the Company follow responsible tax practices. ADM manages its tax affairs based upon the following key principles: 
 a commitment to paying tax in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates; 
 a commitment to the effective, sustainable, and active management of the Company s tax affairs; and 
 developing and sustaining open and honest relationships with the governments and jurisdictions in which the Company operates regarding the formulation of tax laws. 
 
 Human Capital and Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 ADM s purpose of unlocking the power of nature to enrich the quality of life highlights the significant role ADM plays within an essential industry and the critical job each employee has within the Company. 
 
 ADM has long maintained its Code of Conduct to help the Company achieve the right results, the right way. The code establishes high standards of honesty and integrity for all ADM colleagues and business partners and sets forth specific policies to help ensure that the Company always conducts business fairly and ethically everywhere it operates. 
 
 The Company s culture is focused on Integrity, Performance, Innovation, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. ADM is a truly global company of approximately 42,000 employees working together to achieve extraordinary results. Talented colleagues can be found in a wide variety of roles including front-line production workers, supply chain experts who deliver to customers all over the world, engineering teams who continuously improve the Company s operations, sales and commercial teams who work closely with customers, finance professionals, and so many more. ADM continues to develop its workforce to remain relevant and deliver on the Company s growth aspirations with a strong focus on sustainability. 
 
 The following tables set forth information about the Company s employees as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Number of Employees by Contract and Region 
 Salaried Hourly Part-Time/ Seasonal Total North America 9,159 11,075 252 20,486 EMEA 5,568 4,702 563 10,833 South America 2,555 4,421 783 7,759 Asia Pacific 1,512 930 35 2,477 Central America/Caribbean 245 193 8 446 Total 19,039 21,321 1,641 42,001 
 
 Number of Employees by Type and Gender 
 Male Female Total Full-time 30,775 76 9,585 24 40,360 100 Part-time 703 43 938 57 1,641 100 Total 31,478 75 10,523 25 42,001 100 

13 

Item 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Percentage of Employees by Level and Gender 
 Percentage 2022 2021 Male Female Total Male Female Total Executive Council 71 29 100 72 28 100 Senior Leadership 72 28 100 74 26 100 Salaried Colleagues 62 38 100 63 37 100 
 
 Part of ADM s vision is to promote a diverse workplace with equitable opportunities for all its employees within an inclusive culture to make sure all colleagues globally feel they belong and make meaningful contributions to the success of each other and the Company. ADM brings together colleagues with many different backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences. These global teams drive innovative thinking, creating growth opportunities through diversity of thought. The Company s comprehensive diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE I) strategy includes four focus areas: Leadership Engagement Communication, Recruitment, Advancement Retention, and Networks Sponsorships. In order to ensure that the Company s global DE I strategy aligns with its business strategy, ADM formed a global DE I council with strong presence in four regions of the world. ADM is a signatory to the CEO Action for Diversity, a coalition of CEO s committing to specific actions towards diversity and has made a commitment through Paradigm for Parity to achieve gender parity in its senior leadership team by 2030. Since making this commitment in 2018, the Company has improved its gender diversity from 21 to 28 . ADM is proud of its achievements to date, and the Company will continue to strengthen diversity within middle management and entry-level hiring so the progress at the senior leadership level is sustainable over the long-term. This is a key cultural strategic priority that will continue to strengthen the Company s ability to innovate and drive profitable growth. At the industry level, ADM has been a key partner in the establishment of Together We Grow, a consortium of agricultural industry leaders united in a shared belief that American agriculture s best days are yet to come. Emphasizing diversity and inclusion, Together We Grow works to build a modern workforce with the skills, experience, and capabilities needed to keep pace with the growing world. 
 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has worked hard to recommend nominees who have skills and experiences relevant to ADM s strategy and operations and who reflect the diversity of the world around us. As of December 31, 2022, 58 of ADM s 12 board members are diverse six are African-American, Hispanic or Asian, and three are women. Detailed information with respect to the Board s composition is set forth in Proxy Summary Director Nominee Diversity, Age, Tenure, and Independence of the definitive proxy statement for the Company s annual meeting of stockholders to be filed on or before May 1, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The Company believes diversity, equity, and inclusion are key business priorities that will enable ADM to continue innovating, driving growth through customer focus, and delivering outstanding performance for shareholders. 
 
 In 2021, ADM launched the first of its Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) focused on women as part of the Company s DE I vision and strategy. The ERGs, also known as Affinity Groups, are voluntary, employee-led groups where colleagues with shared experiences, interests or goals can come together in a safe space to provide support, build a sense of community, and promote personal and professional development. Recognizing the broad spectrum of intersectionality, the Company expanded its ERGs in 2022 across its four regions (North America, APAC, EMEA, and LATAM) to include, depending on geographic relevance, Multicultural, Black Colleague League, and LGBTQIA+ affinity groups. 
 
 ADM holds an annual Women s Leadership Summit a two-day virtual event aimed at developing, inspiring, and empowering the Company s female leaders in each of the Company s four regions. These events are designed to provide participants with tools to help navigate career development to advance more women into senior leadership roles. The summit features motivational speakers and roundtable discussions with members of ADM s leadership, Executive Committee, members of the Board of Directors, and external coaches and trainers dedicated to addressing the leadership gender gap in corporate America. 

14 

Item 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Compensation and Benefits 
 
 ADM offers market-competitive pay, benefits, and services that help meet the needs of its employees. The Company s global rewards package includes base pay, short-term incentive plans, long-term equity grants, paid time-off, employee assistance programs, and benefits that meet the country-specific competitive markets in which ADM operates. ADM s global bonus plan has clearly defined enterprise metrics and objectives which are the same for all eligible employees creating a strong team spirit and fostering collaboration among colleagues. 
 
 Employee Development 
 
 All ADM employees participate annually in training and development that further increases knowledge, skills, and awareness on current and important topics. In addition, ADM offers many voluntary training opportunities that have largely moved to virtual and on-demand learning. 
 
 ADM prides itself in offering equitable career opportunities that include global assignments for its high potential talent, internal career growth for those who wish to learn more, and experiential learning through projects, mentorships, and on-the-job development. 
 
 ADM s annual voluntary employee turnover rate for full-time colleagues in 2022 of 12.2 was up from the turnover rate in 2021 of 11.3 . 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Average Years of Service 8.3 8.4 Annual Voluntary Attrition 12.2 11.3 
 
 Workplace Safety 
 
 ADM is committed to providing a safe working environment for all of its employees and contractors. For the last several years, the Company has been on a journey to a goal of zero injuries building a safety culture so everyone will go home safely to their families and the things that are most important to them. 
 
 In 2022, about 76 of ADM s sites completed the year without recordable injuries and about 89 without lost workday injuries. The Company s Total Recordable Incident Rate of 0.73 and Lost Workday Incident Rate of 0.21 were unchanged in 2022. 
 
 ADM finished 2022 with two fatalities after a record 665 days with no fatalities. In 2022, the Company had 12 serious injuries and is on track to reduce serious injuries by 50 in 2025 from a 2020 baseline. The Company continues to take steps to further enhance the safety of its workplaces and maintains a goal of zero fatalities. Through the guidance of the Environmental, Health, and Safety CoE, the operations teams focused on three programs to reduce the most serious injuries: 
 
 Take Control program, which identified over 65,000 machine access and guarding opportunities globally; 
 Near-miss Reporting and Investigation; and 
 New Colleague Integration program. 
 
 Through continued application of these programs, ADM aims to achieve a 18 reduction in recordable injuries in 2023 compared to 2022 . 
 
 Available Information 
 
 The Company s website is http://www.adm.com. ADM s annual reports on Form 10-K; quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; current reports on Form 8-K; directors and officers Forms 3, 4, and 5; and amendments to those reports, if any, are available, free of charge, through its website, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such materials with, or furnishing them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 
 15 

Item 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

The Company s Code of Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines, and the written charters of the Audit, Compensation and Succession, Nominating and Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility, and Executive Committees are also available through its website. 
 
 References to the Company s website address in this report are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, an incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the website. Therefore, such information should not be considered part of this report. 
 
 The SEC maintains a website which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file information electronically with the SEC. The SEC s website is http://www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The Company faces risks in the normal course of business as it executes its strategy while demonstrating strong corporate responsibility. Global, regional, and local events could have an adverse impact on its reputation, operations, and financial performance. 
 
 Management directs a Company-wide ERM Program, with oversight from the Company s Board of Directors. The Company s Audit Committee has the delegated risk management oversight responsibility and receives updates on the risk management processes and key risk factors on a quarterly basis. 
 
 The Company, through its business unit, functional, and corporate teams, continually updates, assesses, monitors, and mitigates these and other business and compliance risks in accordance with the ERM Program as monitored by the ERM Program team and Chief Risk Officer. 
 
 The risk pillars that follow are the main risks that the ERM Program focuses on to protect and enhance shareholder value and promote socially responsible behaviors through intentional risk mitigation plans based on management-defined risk limits. The areas of risk mitigation emphasis include operational efficiencies, strategic and economic factors, geopolitical relationships, environmental, social, and governance solutions, technological advancement and threat prevention, and financial and regulatory risks. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 The Company is exposed to potential business disruption which could adversely affect the Company s operating results. 
 
 The assets and operations of the Company could be subject to unplanned downtime or extensive property damage and business disruption from various events which include, but are not limited to, equipment failure, raw material shortages, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, accidents, explosions, fires, or other unexpected outages. ADM is committed to resiliency but these efforts may not resolve emergencies timely or effectively, and the associated liability which could result from these risks may not always be covered by or could exceed liability insurance. 
 
 The Company s operations rely on dependable and efficient transportation services, the disruption of which could result in difficulties supplying materials to the Company s facilities and impair the Company s ability to deliver products to its customers in a timely manner. The Company relies on access to navigable rivers and waterways in order to fulfill its transportation obligations more effectively. In addition, if certain non-agricultural commodity raw materials, such as water or certain chemicals used in the Company s processing operations, are not available, the Company s business could be disrupted. Any major lack of available water for use in certain of the Company s processing operations could have a material adverse impact on operating results. Certain factors which may impact the availability of non-agricultural commodity raw materials are out of the Company s control including, but not limited to, disruptions resulting from weather, high or low river water conditions, economic conditions, manufacturing delays or disruptions at suppliers, shortage of materials, interruption of energy supply, and unavailable or poor supplier credit conditions. 

16 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

Fluctuations in energy prices could affect the Company s operating results. 
 
 The Company s operating costs and the selling prices of certain finished products are sensitive to changes in energy prices. The Company s processing plants are powered principally by electricity, natural gas, and coal. The Company s transportation operations are dependent upon diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products. Significant increases in the cost or access of these items, including any consequences of regulation or taxation of greenhouse gases, could adversely affect the Company s production costs and operating results. The Company continues to use internal and external resources to identify opportunities and take action to reduce its energy intensity globally to meet its demand while mitigating the effects of climate change. 
 
 Human capital requirements may not be sufficient to effectively support global operations. 
 
 ADM s global operations function with trained individuals necessary for the processing, warehousing, and shipping of raw materials for products used in other areas of manufacturing or sold as inputs or products to third-party customers. The availability of skilled trade and production workers has been a specific focus for the United States manufacturing industry. The pandemic has put further strain on manufacturing labor amid fears of the pandemic, childcare challenges, along with the re-allocation friction resulting in some of the workforce shifts from manufacturing positions. The Company has various methods and tactics to mitigate potential shortfalls. The inability to properly staff manufacturing facilities with skilled trades and hourly labor due to a limited number of qualified resources could negatively impact operations. 
 
 The Company may fail to realize the benefits of or experience delays in the execution of its growth strategy. 
 
 As the Company executes its growth strategy, through both organic and inorganic growth, it may encounter risks which could result in increased costs, decreased revenues, and delayed synergies. Growth in new geographies outside the U.S. can expose the Company to volatile economic, political, and regulatory risks that may negatively impact its operations and ability to achieve its growth strategy. Expanding businesses where the Company has limited presence may expose the Company to risks related to the inability to identify an appropriate partner or target and favorable terms, inability to retain/hire strategic talent, or integration risks that may require significant management resources that would have otherwise been available for ongoing growth or operational initiatives. Acquisitions may involve unanticipated delays, costs, and other problems. Due diligence performed prior to an acquisition may not identify a material liability or issue that could impact the Company s reputation or adversely affect results of operations resulting in a reduction of the anticipated acquisition benefits. Additionally, acquisitions may involve integration risks such as: internal control effectiveness, system integration risks, the risk of impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangibles, ability to retain acquired employees, and other unanticipated risks. 
 
 The Company has limited control over and may not realize the expected benefits of its equity investments and joint ventures and may not be able to monetize the investments at an attractive value when the Company decides to exit the investments. 
 
 The Company has 5.5 billion invested in or advanced to joint ventures and investments over which the Company has limited control as to governance and management activities. Net sales to unconsolidated affiliates during the year ended December 31, 2022 were 7.8 billion. Risks related to these investments may include: the financial strength of the investment partner; loss of revenues and cash flows to the investment partner and related gross profit; the inability to implement beneficial management strategies, including risk management and compliance monitoring, with respect to the investment s activities; and the risk that the Company may not be able to resolve disputes with the partners. The Company may encounter unanticipated operating issues, financial results, or compliance and reputational risks related to these investments. The Company mitigates this risk using controls and policies related to joint venture formation, governance (including board of directors representation), merger and acquisition integration management, and harmonization of joint venture policies with the Company s policies and controls. 

17 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

The Company faces risks related to health epidemics, pandemics, and similar outbreaks. 
 
 While ADM has effectively managed through the risks arising from the pandemic caused by the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), and has implemented mitigation actions across global operations that have had a positive impact on its customers, employees, local communities, and other stakeholders, the Company could be materially impacted in the future if a more severe variant or other disease would arise causing disruptions far more severe than the Company has recently experienced. In such circumstances, ADM may be unable to perform fully on its contractual obligations, critical global supply chain and logistical networks may be affected, and costs and working capital needs may increase. These cost increases may not be fully recoverable or adequately covered by insurance. In addition, demand for certain products that ADM produces, particularly biofuels and ingredients that go into food and beverages that support the food services channels, could be materially impacted from a prolonged regional or global outbreak, leading to government-imposed lockdowns, quarantines, or other restrictions. 
 
 Strategic and Economic Risks 
 
 Agricultural commodities, agricultural commodity products, and non-agricultural commodity raw materials the Company procures, transports, stores, processes, and merchandises can be affected by various factors beyond the Company s control. 
 
 The availability and prices of agricultural commodities are subject to wide fluctuations, including impacts from factors outside the Company s control such as changes in market conditions, weather conditions, crop disease, plantings, government programs and policies, climate change, competition, and changes in global demand, which could adversely affect the Company s operating results. The Company uses a global network of procurement, processing, and transportation assets, as well as robust communications between global commodity merchandiser teams, to continually assess price and basis opportunities. Management-established limits (including a corporate wide value-at-risk metric), with robust internal reporting, help to manage risks in pursuit of driving performance. Additionally, the Company depends globally on agricultural producers to ensure an adequate supply of the agricultural commodities. 
 
 Reduced supply of agricultural commodities and rising costs of non-agricultural commodity raw materials could adversely affect the Company s profitability by increasing the cost of raw materials and/or limiting the Company s ability to procure, transport, store, process, and merchandise agricultural commodities and products in an efficient manner. High and volatile commodity and non-agricultural commodity prices can place more pressures on short-term working capital funding. Conversely, if supplies are abundant and crop production globally outpaces demand for more than one or two crop cycles, price volatility is somewhat diminished. This could result in reduced operating results due to the lack of supply chain dislocations and reduced market spread and basis opportunities. 
 
 The Company has certain finished products, such as ethanol and biodiesel, which are closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum products, or in the case of ethanol, blended into gasoline to increase octane content. Therefore, the selling prices of ethanol and biodiesel can be impacted by the selling prices of gasoline, diesel fuel, and other octane enhancers. A significant decrease in the price of gasoline, diesel fuel, or other octane enhancers could result in a significant decrease in the selling price of the Company s ethanol and biodiesel. The Company uses derivative contracts as anticipatory hedges for both purchases of commodity inputs and sales of energy-based products in order to protect itself in the near term against these price trends and to protect and maximize processing margins. 

18 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

The Company is subject to economic downturns and regional economic volatilities, which could adversely affect the Company s operating results. 
 
 The Company conducts its business and has substantial assets located in many countries and geographic areas. While 64 percent of the Company s long-lived assets are located in the United States, the Company also has significant operations in both developed areas (such as Western Europe, Canada, and Brazil) and emerging market areas. One of the Company s strategies is to expand the global reach of its core model, which may include expanding or developing its business in emerging market areas. Both developed and emerging market areas are subject to impacts of economic downturns, including decreased demand for the Company s products, and reduced availability of credit, or declining credit quality of the Company s suppliers, customers, and other counterparties. In addition, emerging market areas could be subject to more volatile operating conditions including, but not limited to, logistics limitations or delays, labor-related challenges, epidemic outbreaks and economic recovery, limitations or regulations affecting trade flows, local currency concerns, and other economic and political instability. Political fiscal instability could generate intrusive regulations in emerging markets, potentially creating unanticipated assessments of taxes, fees, increased risks of corruption, etc. Economic downturns and volatile market conditions could adversely affect the Company s operating results and ability to execute its long-term business strategies, although the nature of many of the Company s products (i.e. food and feed ingredients) is less sensitive to demand reductions in any economic downcycles. The Company mitigates this risk in many ways, including country risk and exposure analysis, government relations and tax compliance activities, and robust ethics compliance training requirements. 
 
 The Company has significant competition in the markets in which it operates and is subject to industry-specific risks which could adversely affect the Company s operating results. 
 
 The Company faces significant competition in each of its businesses and has numerous competitors, who can be different depending upon each of the business segments in which it participates. The Company competes for the acquisition of inputs such as raw materials, transportation services, and other materials and supplies, as well as for workforce and talent. Competition impacts the Company s ability to generate and increase its gross profit as a result of the following factors: Pricing of the Company s products is partly dependent upon industry processing capacity, which is impacted by competitor actions to bring idled capacity on-line, build new production capacity or execute aggressive consolidation; many of the products bought and sold by the Company are global commodities or are derived from global commodities that are highly price competitive and, in many cases, subject to substitution; significant changes in exchange rates of foreign currencies versus the U.S. dollar, particularly the currencies of major crop growing countries, could also make goods and products of these countries more competitive than U.S. products; improved yields in different crop growing regions may reduce the reliance on origination territories in which the Company has a significant presence; and continued merger and acquisition activities resulting in further consolidations could result in greater cost competitiveness and global scale of certain players in the industry, especially when acquirers are state-owned and/or backed by public funds and have profit and return objectives that may differ from publicly traded enterprises. To compete effectively, the Company focuses on safely improving efficiency in its production and distribution operations, developing and maintaining appropriate market presence, maintaining a high level of product safety and quality, supporting socially responsible and sustainable practices, promoting environmental responsibility, and working with customers to develop new products and tailored solutions. 
 
 The Company is subject to industry-specific risks which include, but are not limited to: launch of new products by other industries that can replace the functionalities of the Company s production; shifting consumer preferences; and product safety and quality. In the case of the Nutrition business, while maintaining efficient and cost-effective operations are important, the ability to drive innovation and develop quality nutritional and wellness solutions for human and animal needs are key factors to remain competitive in the nutrition market. Certain of the Company s merchandised commodities and finished products are used as ingredients in livestock and poultry feed. The Company is subject to risks associated with economic, product quality, feed safety or other factors which may adversely affect the livestock and poultry businesses, including the outbreak of disease in livestock and poultry, for example African swine fever, which could adversely affect demand for the Company s products used as ingredients in feed. In addition, ADM s increased investment in the flavors and ingredients businesses exposes the Company to increased risks related to rapidly changing consumer preferences and the impacts these changes could have on the success of certain of the Company s customers. The Company continually assesses opportunities and demand in various regions. 

19 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

The Company s risk management strategies may not be effective. 
 
 The Company has a Chief Risk Officer who oversees the ERM Program and regularly reports to the Board of Directors on the myriad of risks facing the Company and the Company s strategies for mitigating those risks. The Company s business is affected by fluctuations in agricultural commodity cash prices and derivative prices, transportation costs, energy prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and equity markets. The Company monitors position limits and counterparty risks and engages in other strategies and controls to manage these risks. The Company regularly reports its aggregate commodity risk exposures to the Board of Directors through the ERM process. The Company has an established commodity merchandising governance process that ensures proper position reporting and monitoring, limits approvals, and executes training on trade compliance, commodity regulatory reporting controls, and other policies. The Company s risk monitoring efforts may not be successful at detecting a significant risk exposure. If these controls and strategies are not successful in mitigating the Company s exposure to these fluctuations, it could adversely affect the Company s operating results. 
 
 Environmental, Social, and Governance Risks 
 
 The Company may be impacted by carbon emission regulations in multiple regions throughout the globe. 
 
 The production of the Company s products uses materials that can create emissions of certain regulated substances, including GHG emissions. Such regulated emissions also include indirect emissions that occur in the value chain as the result of activities from assets now owned or controlled by the Company. A number of jurisdictions where the Company has operations have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce GHG emissions impacting climate change and rising sea levels including, but not limited to, the United States, Canada, Mexico, the European Union and its member states, and China. In particular, the State of Illinois recently enacted legislation intended to eliminate carbon emissions by 2050. The Company s operations located in countries with effective and applicable carbon pricing and regulatory programs, currently meet their obligations in this regard with no significant impact on the earnings and competitive position of the Company. It is difficult at this time to estimate the likelihood of passage, or predict the potential impact, of any additional legislation, regulations or agreements. Potential consequences of new obligations could include increased energy, transportation, raw material, and administrative costs, and may require the Company to make additional investments in its facilities and equipment. The Company has policies in place and has integrated climate specific risk into the enterprise programs and is identifying opportunities through mitigation efforts to expand responsible practices towards reducing its environmental footprint in a sustainable manner while ensuring compliance with laws and regulations. 
 
 Food or feed risks derived from quality issues or off label product usage, occupational health and safety issues, and ineffective diversification programs may expose the Company to certain regulatory or reputational risks. 
 
 The Company is subject to federal, state, and local regulations on manufacturing or labeling; socially acceptable and sustainable farming practices; environmental, health, and safety regulations; and customer product liability claims. The liability which could result from certain of these risks may not always be covered by, or could exceed liability insurance related to product liability and food safety matters maintained by the Company. The Company has a particularly strong capability and culture around occupational health and safety and food safety; however, risks to the Company s reputation may exist due to potential negative publicity caused by product liability, food safety, occupational health and safety, workforce diversity, and environmental matters. The Company is continuing to further diversity throughout the organization and deploy additional food safety and security procedures and controls to appropriately mitigate the risks of any adulteration of the Company s products in the supply chain and finished products in production and distribution networks. In addition, the Company conforms to management systems, such as the International Organization for Standardization or other recognized global standards. 
 
 The Company s sustainable practices require oversight and robust monitoring requirements. 
 
 The Company has programs and policies in place (e.g., Corporate Sustainability Program; Commitment to Protecting Forests, Biodiversity and Communities; Environmental Policy; Strive 35 environmental goals; etc.) to expand responsible practices while reducing its environmental footprint and to help ensure compliance with laws and regulations. Implementation of these programs and policies sometimes requires the acquisition of technology or capital investments at a cost to the Company. Failure to comply with laws and regulations can have serious consequences, including civil, administrative, and criminal penalties as well as a negative impact on the Company s reputation, business, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 20 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

Financial Risks 
 
 Limitations on access to external financing could adversely affect the Company s operating results due to its capital-intensive nature. 
 
 The Company requires significant capital, including continuing access to credit markets, to operate its current business and fund its growth strategy. The Company s working capital requirements, including margin requirements on open positions on futures exchanges, are directly affected by the price of agricultural commodities, which may fluctuate significantly and change quickly. The Company also requires substantial capital to maintain and upgrade its extensive network of storage facilities, processing plants, refineries, mills, ports, transportation assets, and other facilities to keep pace with competitive developments, technological advances, regulations, and changing safety standards in the industry. Moreover, the expansion of the Company s business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require significant amounts of capital. Access to credit markets and pricing of the Company s capital is dependent upon maintaining sufficient credit ratings from credit rating agencies. Strong credit ratings allow the Company to access cost competitive tier one commercial paper markets. If the Company is unable to maintain sufficiently high credit ratings, access to these commercial paper and other debt markets and costs of borrowings could be adversely affected. If the Company is unable to generate sufficient cash flow or maintain access to adequate external financing, including as a result of significant disruptions in the global credit markets, it could restrict the Company s current operations and its growth opportunities. The Company manages this risk with constant monitoring of credit/liquidity metrics, cash forecasting, and routine communications with credit rating agencies regarding risk management practices and diversifying sources of liquidity. 
 
 Geopolitical Risks 
 
 The Company faces risks related to international conflicts, acts of terrorism or war, or other geopolitical events, such as the conflict in Ukraine, and related sanctions and other economic disruptions. 
 
 ADM s assets and operations could be subject to extensive property damage and business disruption from geopolitical conflicts, acts of terrorism (e.g. purposeful adulteration of the Company s products), and war. The assets and operations located in the region affected by the conflict in Ukraine are at an increased risk to property damage, inventory loss, business disruption, and expropriation. The conflict could continue to impact global margins due to increased commodity, energy, and input costs. The Black Sea region is a major exporter of wheat and corn to the world, and the disruption of supply could cause volatility in prices and margins of these commodities and related products. In addition to ADM s operations, one of the Company s joint ventures is also exposed to the same risks. While the Company has a robust trade sanctions compliance program, there is a risk that ADM and its related parties could trade with a sanctioned partner due to the number of sanctions taken against Russia. The Company may also face increased cyber risk given that Russia is known to have extensive capabilities to engage in cyber attacks. Trade receivables may be at risk of higher defaults, and other third-party risks could affect ADM s ability to obtain inputs if suppliers are unable to perform or face insolvency, as certain supplies may not be attainable due to sanctions and/or restrictions on cross-border payment transactions. The Company could be materially impacted if, in the worst-case scenario, the conflict advances to other countries. In such circumstances, trade policies and the Company s critical global supply chain and logistical networks could be affected, impairing the Company s ability to satisfy contractual obligations and impacting working capital requirements. Insurance may not adequately cover these risks. In addition, provisions for certain products that ADM produces, particularly those that support the food services channels, could be materially impacted. The Company continues to monitor the conflict in Ukraine along with other political tensions and evaluate alternatives to mitigate the impacts of these risks. 

21 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

Political instability and changes in trade policies could negatively impact the Company s financial results. 
 
 The Company s operating results could be affected by political instability and by changes in monetary, fiscal, trade, and environmental policies, laws, regulations, and acquisition approvals, creating risks including, but not limited to: changes in a country s or region s economic or political conditions, local labor conditions and regulations, and safety and environmental regulations; reduced protection of intellectual property rights; changes in the regulatory or legal environment; restrictions on currency exchange activities; currency exchange fluctuations; burdensome taxes and tariffs; enforceability of legal agreements and judgments; adverse tax, administrative agency or judicial outcomes; and regulation or taxation of greenhouse gases. International risks and uncertainties, including changing social and economic conditions as well as terrorism, political hostilities, and war, could limit the Company s ability to transact business in these markets. The Company has historically benefited from the free flow of agricultural and food and feed ingredient products from the U.S. and other sources to markets around the world. Increases in tariff and restrictive trade activities around the world (e.g., the U.S.-China trade relations dispute, Iran sanctions) could negatively impact the Company s ability to enter certain markets or the price of products may become less competitive in those markets. 
 
 Technological Risks 
 
 Information technology (IT) systems are subject to interruptions or failures which may affect the Company s ability to conduct its business. 
 
 The Company s operations rely on certain key IT systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, to provide critical data connectivity, information, and services for internal and external users. These interactions include, but are not limited to: ordering and managing materials from suppliers; risk management activities; converting raw materials to finished products; inventory management; shipping products to customers; processing transactions; summarizing and reporting financial results of operations; human resources benefits and payroll management; and complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements. The Company is implementing a new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system and integrating it with various third party service providers on a worldwide basis as part of its ongoing business transformation program, which is improving the efficiency and effectiveness of certain financial and business transaction processes and the underlying systems environment. This will mitigate the instability of aging legacy systems and manual processes. 
 
 The Company s IT systems, processes, and sites may suffer cyber security breaches, which could expose the Company to operational and various regulatory risks. 
 
 Increased IT security and social engineering threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including advanced persistent threats, pose a potential risk to the security of the Company s IT systems, networks, and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of the Company s third party data. The Company is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. Compliance with and interpretation of various data privacy regulations continue to evolve and any violation could subject the Company to legal claims, regulatory penalties, and damage to its reputation. The Company has put in place security measures to prevent, detect, and mitigate cyber-based attacks, and has instituted control procedures for cybersecurity incident responses and disaster recovery plans for its critical systems. In addition, the Company monitors this risk on an ongoing basis to detect and correct any breaches, and reports metrics on the quality of the Company s data security efforts and control environment to the highest level of management and to the Board of Directors. However, if the Company s IT systems are breached, damaged, or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches, or cyber-based attacks, and the Company s disaster recovery plans do not effectively mitigate the risks on a timely basis, the Company may suffer significant interruptions in its ability to manage its operations, loss of valuable data, actual or threatened legal actions, and damage to its reputation, which may adversely impact the Company s revenues, operating results, and financial condition. 

22 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

Regulatory Risks 
 
 The Company is subject to numerous laws, regulations, and mandates globally which could adversely affect the Company s operating results and forward strategy. 
 
 The Company does business globally, connecting crops and markets in over 190 countries, and is required to comply with laws and regulations administered by the United States federal government as well as state, local, and non-U.S. governmental authorities in numerous areas including: accounting and income taxes, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, global trade, trade sanctions, privacy and security, environmental, product safety, and handling and production of regulated substances. The Company frequently faces challenges from U.S. and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due including questions regarding the timing, amount of deductions, the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions, and further risks related to changing tax laws domestically and globally. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or appropriately resolve these challenges could subject the Company to administrative, civil, and criminal remedies, including fines, penalties, disgorgement, injunctions, and recalls of its products, and damage to its reputation. 
 
 Regulations specifically affecting the agricultural sector and related industries; regulatory policies or matters that affect a variety of businesses; and taxation polices could adversely affect the Company s operating results. 
 
 Agricultural production and trade flows are subject to government policies, mandates, regulations, and trade agreements, including taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, incentives, foreign exchange rates, and import and export restrictions, including policies related to genetically modified organisms, traceability standards, sustainable practices, product safety and labeling, renewable fuels, and low carbon fuel mandates. These policies can influence the planting of certain crops; the location and size of crop production; whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded; the volume and types of imports and exports; the availability and competitiveness of feedstocks as raw materials; the viability and volume of production of certain of the Company s products; and industry profitability. For example, changes in government policies or regulations of ethanol and biodiesel including, but not limited to, changes in the Renewable Fuel Standard program under the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 in the United States, including the treatment of small refinery exemptions, can have an impact on the Company s operating results. International trade regulations can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. Regulations of financial markets and instruments, including the Dodd-Frank Act, Consumer Protection Act, and the European Market Infrastructure Regulation, create uncertainty and may lead to additional risks and costs, and could adversely affect the Company s futures commission merchant business and its agricultural commodity risk management practices. Future government policies may adversely affect the supply of, demand for, and prices of the Company s products; adversely affect the Company s ability to deploy adequate hedging programs; restrict the Company s ability to do business in its existing and target markets; and adversely affect the Company s revenues and operating results. 
 
 The Company s strategy involves expanding the volume and diversity of crops it merchandises and processes, expanding the global reach of its core model, expanding its value-added product portfolio, and expanding the sustainable agriculture programs and partnerships it participates in. Government policies including, but not limited to, antitrust and competition law, trade restrictions, food safety regulations, sustainability requirements, and traceability, can impact the Company s ability to execute this strategy successfully. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 The Company has no unresolved staff comments. 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 The Company s operations are such that most products are efficiently processed near the source of raw materials. Consequently, the Company has many plants strategically located in agricultural commodity producing areas. The annual volume of commodities processed will vary depending upon availability of raw materials and demand for finished products. The Company also owns approximately 160 warehouses and terminals primarily used as bulk storage facilities and has 64 innovation centers. Processing plants and procurement facilities owned or leased by unconsolidated joint ventures are not included in the tables below. 
 23 

Item 2. PROPERTIES (Continued) 

To enhance the efficiency of transporting large quantities of raw materials and finished products between the Company s procurement facilities and processing plants and also the final delivery of products to its customers around the world, the Company owns approximately 1,800 barges, 10,000 rail cars, 240 trucks, 1,200 trailers, 120 boats, and 3 oceangoing vessels; and leases, under operating leases, approximately 700 barges, 20,000 rail cars, 380 trucks, 500 trailers, 22 boats, and 24 oceangoing vessels. 
 
 The daily capacities of the processing plants and storage capacities of the procurement facilities that the Company owns or leases, under operating leases, are as follows: 
 Ag Services and Oilseeds Processing Facilities (in 1,000s metric tons) Owned Leased Refined Ag Products Services Crushing and Other Total Crushing North America 2 60 18 80 South America 20 10 30 1 Europe 34 15 49 Asia 1 1 1 Total daily capacity 2 115 43 160 2 
 
 Ag Services and Oilseeds Procurement Facilities (in 1,000s metric tons) Owned Leased Refined Refined Ag Products Ag Products Services Crushing and Other Total Services Crushing and Other Total North America 12,388 283 830 13,501 813 181 994 South America 2,119 60 2,179 1,034 1,034 Europe 1,385 287 1,672 Asia 130 81 211 Total storage capacity 15,892 630 830 17,352 1,977 81 181 2,239 
 
 Carbohydrate Solutions Processing Plants (in 1,000s metric tons) Owned Leased Starches Sweeteners Vantage Corn Processors Total Starches Sweeteners North America 72 17 89 Europe 6 6 1 Total daily capacity 78 17 95 1 
 
 24 

Item 2. PROPERTIES (Continued) 

 Carbohydrate Solutions Procurement Facilities (in 1,000s metric tons) Owned Leased Starches Sweeteners Starches Sweeteners North America 588 86 Europe 18 Total storage capacity 588 104 
 
 Nutrition Processing Plants (in 1,000s metric tons) Owned Leased Human Nutrition Animal Nutrition Total Human Nutrition Animal Nutrition Total North America 80 5 85 25 50 75 South America 3 3 2 2 Europe 2 8 10 1 1 Asia 3 3 10 10 Total daily capacity 82 19 101 28 60 88 
 Nutrition Procurement Facilities (in 1,000s metric tons) Owned Leased Human Nutrition Animal Nutrition Total Human Nutrition North America 316 28 344 2 Total storage capacity 316 28 344 2 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The Company is routinely involved in a number of actual or threatened legal actions, including those involving alleged personal injuries, employment law, product liability, intellectual property, environmental issues, alleged tax liability (see Note 13 in Item 8 for information on income tax matters), and class actions. The Company also routinely receives inquiries from regulators and other government authorities relating to various aspects of its business, and at any given time, the Company has matters at various stages of resolution. The outcomes of these matters are not within the Company s complete control and may not be known for prolonged periods of time. In some actions, claimants seek damages, as well as other relief, including injunctive relief, that could require significant expenditures or result in lost revenues. In accordance with applicable accounting standards, the Company records a liability in its consolidated financial statements for material loss contingencies when a loss is known or considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If the reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss is a range, and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other, the minimum amount of the range is accrued. If a material loss contingency is reasonably possible but not known or probable, and can be reasonably estimated, the estimated loss or range of loss is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. When determining the estimated loss or range of loss, significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of a loss to be recorded. Estimates of probable losses resulting from litigation and governmental proceedings involving the Company are inherently difficult to predict, particularly when the matters are in early procedural stages, with incomplete facts or legal discovery; involve unsubstantiated or indeterminate claims for damages; potentially involve penalties, fines, disgorgement, or punitive damages; or could result in a change in business practice. See Note 20 in Item 8 for information on the Company s legal proceedings. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 
 25 

PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Common Stock Market 
 
 The Company s common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol ADM . 
 
 The number of registered stockholders of the Company s common stock at December 31, 2022, was 8,153. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (2) Number of Shares Remaining to be Purchased Under the Program (2) October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 115,433 94.162 115,433 90,369,676 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 837,596 94.786 835,430 89,534,246 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 1,722,577 92.864 1,722,241 87,812,005 Total 2,675,606 93.522 2,673,104 87,812,005 
 
 (1) Total shares purchased represent those shares purchased in the open market as part of the Company s publicly announced stock repurchase program described below, shares received as payment for the exercise price of stock option exercises, and shares received as payment for the withholding taxes on vested restricted stock awards. During the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, there were 2,502 shares purchased in the open market or shares received as payments for the exercise price of stock option exercises and withholding taxes on vested restricted stock awards. 
 
 (2) On November 5, 2014, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 100,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock during the period commencing January 1, 2015 and ending December 31, 2019. On August 7, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved the extension of the stock repurchase program through December 31, 2024 and the repurchase of up to an additional 100,000,000 shares under the extended program. 

26 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES (Continued) 

Performance Graph 
 
 The graph below compares the Company s common stock with those of the S P 500 Index and the S P Consumer Staples Index. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 and assumes all dividends have been reinvested through December 31, 2022. 

COMPARISON OF 60 MONTH CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM), the S P 500 Index, and the S P Consumer Staples Index 

Index Data: Copyright Standard and Poor s, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 

27 

The consolidated financial statements presented in Item 8 herein reflect immaterial revisions to certain line items in the consolidated statements of earnings and statements of cash flows presented in the Company s press release filed on January 26, 2023 announcing fourth quarter and annual results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2022. The revisions to the consolidated statements of earnings did not impact gross profit and earnings before income taxes, and the revisions to the consolidated statements of cash flows did not impact net cash provided by operating activities. Further, these revisions did not affect the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), balance sheets, and statements of shareholders equity. 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This MD A should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company s recent significant portfolio actions and announcements include: 
 the acquisition in February 2022 of Comhan, a leading South African flavor distributor; 
 the announcement in April 2022 of a growth investment in the Company s oilseed facility in Mainz, Germany, which is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2023; 
 the announcement in April 2022 of a 300 million investment in Decatur, Illinois to expand alternative protein production and the opening of a new, state-of-the-art protein innovation center, which is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2025; 
 the announcement in April 2022 of a commitment to achieve 100 deforestation-free supply chains by 2025, five years earlier than previously targeted; 
 the announcement in May 2022 to significantly expand starch production at the Company s Marshall, Minnesota facility, which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2023; 
 the announcement in May 2022 of five projects funded with support from ADM, in partnership with the U.S. Department of Agriculture s Natural Resources Conservation Service, to provide farmers with technical and financial resources to help plant cover crop on half a million acres; 
 the announcement in June 2022 of the signing of a memorandum of understanding with Bayer, a global enterprise with core competencies in the life science fields of healthcare and agriculture, to build and implement a sustainable crop protection model to soybean farmers in India; 
 the announcement in July 2022 of the signing of an agreement with Farmers Business Network (FBN) to expand availability of FBN s leading-edge digital farm business management platform, Gradable, to ADM s network of farmers across North America, offering 55,000 growers a comprehensive digital solution to manage their businesses and measure sustainable production data; 
 the announcement in August 2022 of the official inauguration of ScaleUp Bio, a joint venture with Nurasa (formerly Asia Sustainable Foods Platform), a company focused on accelerating the commercialization of sustainable foods in Asia. ScaleUp Bio is the first company in Singapore to provide contract development and manufacturing organization services for precision fermentation for food applications; 
 the announcement in August 2022 of a long-term strategic partnership with Benson Hill, Inc., a food tech company unlocking the natural genetic diversity of plants, to scale innovative high-protein soy ingredients that will help meet the rapidly growing demand for plant-based proteins; 
 the announcement in August 2022 of the launch of two joint ventures, GreenWise Lactic and LG Chem Illinois Biochem, with LG Chem, a leading global diversified chemical company, for the U.S. production of lactic acid and polylactic acid to meet growing demand for a wide variety of plant-based products, including bioplastics; 
 the announcement in August 2022 of a strategic partnership with New Culture, a pioneering animal-free dairy company, to accelerate the development and commercialization of alternative dairy products; 
 the opening in September 2022 of the Company s first Science and Technology Center in China that will leverage its unparalleled research and development, technology, and product innovation capabilities to spur high-quality development in the nutrition and health industry and meet growing and evolving needs in China and Asia Pacific; 
 the announcement in September 2022 of a seven-and-a-half-year strategic commercial agreement with PepsiCo to collaborate closely on projects that aim to significantly expand regenerative agriculture across their shared North American supply chains; 
 the opening in September 2022 of a new extrusion facility in Serbia that will further expand ADM s footprint in Europe, extending its production of non-GMO textured soy to include vital origination and extrusion capabilities; 
 the opening in November 2022 of a new North America Microbiology Laboratory at the ADM Specialty Manufacturing Facility in Decatur, Illinois, which doubles ADM s current microbiology laboratory footprint and reflects a significant expansion of its testing capabilities, as well as its footprint in the Decatur community; and 
 28 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 the announcement in November 2022 of the signing of the Agri-Commodity Sector Roadmap, an agreement which aims to remove deforestation from supply chains by 2025 while protecting global food systems and producer livelihoods, an important step toward putting the global economy on a 1.5C trajectory through forest positive action 
 
 Sustainability is a key driver of ADM s expanding portfolio of environmentally responsible, plant-derived products. Consumers today increasingly expect their food and drink to come from sustainable ingredients, produced by companies that share their values and ADM is continually finding new ways to meet those needs through its portfolio actions. 
 The Company s strategic transformation is focused on three strategic pillars: Productivity, Innovation, and Culture. 
 
 The Productivity pillar includes (1) advancing the roles of the Company s Centers of Excellence in procurement, supply chain, and operations to deliver additional efficiencies across the enterprise; (2) continued roll out of the 1ADM business transformation program and implementation of improved standardized business processes; and (3) increased use of technology, analytics, and automation at production facilities, in offices, and with customers. 
 
 Innovation activities include expansions and investments in (1) improving the customer experience, including leveraging producer relationships and enhancing the use of state-of-the-art digital technology to help customers grow; (2) sustainability-driven innovation, which encompasses the full range of products, solutions, capabilities, and commitments to serve customers needs; and (3) growth initiatives, including organic growth to support additional capacity and meet growing demand, and mergers and acquisitions opportunities. 
 
 The Culture pillar focuses on enabling collaboration, teamwork, and agility from process standardization and digitalization and ADM s DE I work which brings new perspectives and expertise to the Company s decision-making. 
 
 ADM will support the three pillars with investments in technology, which include expanding digital capabilities and investing further in product research and development. All of these efforts will continue to be strengthened by the Company s ongoing commitment to Readiness. 
 
 Operating Performance Indicators 
 
 The Company s Ag Services and Oilseeds operations are principally agricultural commodity-based businesses where changes in selling prices move in relationship to changes in prices of the commodity-based agricultural raw materials. As a result, changes in agricultural commodity prices have relatively equal impacts on both revenues and cost of products sold. Therefore, changes in revenues of these businesses do not necessarily correspond to the changes in margins or gross profit. Thus, gross margins per volume or metric ton are more meaningful than gross margins as percentage of revenues. 
 
 The Company s Carbohydrate Solutions operations and Nutrition businesses also utilize agricultural commodities (or products derived from agricultural commodities) as raw materials. However, in these operations, agricultural commodity market price changes do not necessarily correlate to changes in cost of products sold. Therefore, changes in revenues of these businesses may correspond to changes in margins or gross profit. Thus, gross margin rates are more meaningful as a performance indicator in these businesses. 
 
 The Company has consolidated subsidiaries in more than 70 countries. For the majority of the Company s subsidiaries located outside the United States, the local currency is the functional currency except certain significant subsidiaries in Switzerland where Euro is the functional currency, and Brazil and Argentina where U.S. dollar is the functional currency. Revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the weighted average exchange rates for the applicable periods. For the majority of the Company s business activities in Brazil and Argentina, the functional currency is the U.S. dollar; however, certain transactions, including taxes, occur in local currency and require remeasurement to the functional currency. Changes in revenues are expected to be correlated to changes in expenses reported by the Company caused by fluctuations in the exchange rates of foreign currencies, primarily the Euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, and Brazilian real, as compared to the U.S. dollar. 

29 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 The Company measures its performance using key financial metrics including net earnings, gross margins, constant currency revenue and operating profit, segment operating profit, adjusted segment operating profit, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA), adjusted EBITDA, manufacturing expenses, selling, general, and administrative expenses, return on invested capital, economic value added, and operating cash flows before working capital. The Company s financial results can vary significantly due to changes in factors such as fluctuations in energy prices, weather conditions, crop plantings, government programs and policies, trade policies, changes in global demand, general global economic conditions, changes in standards of living, and global production of similar and competitive crops. Due to these unpredictable factors, the Company undertakes no responsibility for updating any forward-looking information contained within Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Operations in Ukraine and Russia 
 
 ADM employs approximately 640 people in Ukraine and operates an oilseeds crushing plant, a grain port terminal, inland and river silos, and a trading office. Most of the facilities have been temporarily idled since February 24, 2022, some of which were brought back online during the quarter ended September 30, 2022, due in part to the opening of the Black Sea grain export corridor. The Company s footprint in Russia is limited to operations related to the production and transport of essential food commodities and ingredients. 
 
 On February 24, 2022, Russian troops invaded Ukraine. While the Company s Ukraine and Russian operations have historically represented less than 1.0 of consolidated revenues, the direct and indirect impacts of the ongoing military action could negatively affect ADM s future operating results. The conflict in Ukraine has created disruptions in global supply chains and has created dislocations of key agricultural commodities. The indirect impact of these dislocations on the Company s operating results will be a function of a number of variables including supply and demand responses from the rest of the world as well as the length of the conflict and the condition of the agricultural industry and export infrastructure after the conflict ends. For more information, refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, ADM s assets in Ukraine consisted primarily of current assets that were less than 1 of the Company s total current assets and an immaterial amount of non-current assets. Of the total current assets in Ukraine, majority related to inventories that represented less than 1 of ADM s total inventories. 

30 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 This section of the Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 are not included in this Form 10-K, and can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Market Factors Influencing Operations or Results in the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 The Company is subject to a variety of market factors which affect the Company s operating results. In Ag Services and Oilseeds, strong global demand continued due to a short crop in South America. The conflict in Ukraine resulted in even tighter global stocks of commodities and created high volatility, which had a positive impact on North and South American origination prices. Global Trade results were driven by market disconnects, tight supply, strong destination marketing margins, and firm ocean freight rates. North American origination was negatively impacted by weather-related supply disruption and delayed planting and lower river levels. Crushing margins continued to benefit from strong protein and renewable diesel demand and tight oilseeds stocks. In Refined Products and Other, margins were driven by strong oil demand and tight supply with volatile energy markets driving up biodiesel margins. In Carbohydrate Solutions, demand for starches and sweeteners was solid with margins remaining steady despite higher input costs. Ethanol demand for domestic gasoline was lower, in part due to high gas prices, while export demand remained strong, driven by favorable blending economics and government incentives. Corn milling margins benefited from strong co-product results, as prices for oil and feed products rose in line with higher underlying corn prices. Corn costs were volatile and higher, in part due to a relatively low projected corn stocks-to-use ratio and uncertainty caused by the conflict in Ukraine. Nutrition benefited from overall strong demand in various food, beverage, and dietary supplement categories. In Human Nutrition, demand for flavors, flavor systems, specialty proteins, bioactives, and fibers was strong, but higher energy, transportation, and raw material costs, and a strong U.S. dollar adversely impacted results. In Animal Nutrition, amino acids pricing and margins improved due to a tighter global supply environment but the devaluation of certain currencies, a bird flu outbreak, and weak demand in other product lines, with some premix and additives customers cutting products out of formulation due to increased ingredient, freight, and energy costs, adversely impacted results. Increased competition in Brazil also contributed to the weak demand in that country. ADM s productivity initiatives are improving the Company s capabilities to help mitigate the impact of inflation. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Net earnings attributable to controlling interests increased 60 or 1.6 billion, to 4.3 billion. Segment operating profit increased 41 or 1.9 billion, to 6.5 billion, and included a net charge of 100 million consisting of charges totaling 147 million related to the impairment of certain assets, restructuring, and contingencies/settlements, partially offset by gains on the sale of certain assets of 47 million. Included in segment operating profit in the prior year was a net charge of 136 million consisting of charges totaling 213 million related to the impairment of certain assets, restructuring, and settlement, partially offset by gains on the sale of ethanol and certain other assets of 77 million. Adjusted segment operating profit (a non-GAAP measure) increased 1.9 billion to 6.6 billion due primarily to higher results in most businesses except in Vantage Corn Processors. Corporate results in the current year were a net charge of 1.3 billion and included a mark-to-market gain of 9 million on the conversion option of the exchangeable bonds issued in August 2020. Corporate results in the prior year were a net charge of 1.3 billion and included a pension settlement charge of 83 million, loss on debt extinguishment of 36 million, a mark-to-market gain of 19 million on the conversion option of the exchangeable bonds issued in August 2020, acquisition-related expenses of 7 million, and a restructuring charge of 4 million. 
 
 Income taxes of 868 million increased 290 million. The Company s effective tax rate for 2022 was 16.6 compared to 17.4 for 2021 . The change in the rate was due primarily to changes in the geographic mix of pretax earnings and the impact of discrete tax items. 

Analysis of Statements of Earnings 
 
 Processed volumes by product for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows (in metric tons): 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Oilseeds 32,952 35,125 (2,173) Corn 18,558 19,126 (568) Total 51,510 54,251 (2,741) 
 31 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 The Company generally operates its production facilities, on an overall basis, at or near capacity, adjusting facilities individually, as needed, to react to the current margin environment and seasonal local supply and demand conditions. The overall decrease in oilseeds processed volumes was primarily related to decreased crush rates resulting from the decline in seeds availability, a temporarily idled facility in Paraguay due to crop failure, weather-related challenges, and the indefinite shutdown of a Ukraine facility since February 2022. The overall decrease in corn processed volumes was primarily related to reduced volumes of fuel alcohol due to market conditions, the sale of the Peoria, Illinois facility in November 2021, and logistical challenges surrounding railcar availability since the second quarter of 2022. 
 
 Revenues by segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 
 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Change Ag Services and Oilseeds Ag Services 53,181 45,017 8,164 Crushing 13,139 11,368 1,771 Refined Products and Other 13,243 10,662 2,581 Total Ag Services and Oilseeds 79,563 67,047 12,516 Carbohydrate Solutions Starches and Sweeteners 10,251 7,611 2,640 Vantage Corn Processors 3,710 3,499 211 Total Carbohydrate Solutions 13,961 11,110 2,851 Nutrition Human Nutrition 3,769 3,189 580 Animal Nutrition 3,867 3,523 344 Total Nutrition 7,636 6,712 924 Other Business 396 380 16 Total Other Business 396 380 16 Total 101,556 85,249 16,307 
 
 Revenues and cost of products sold in agricultural merchandising and processing businesses are significantly correlated to the underlying commodity prices and volumes. In periods of significant changes in market prices, the underlying performance of the Company is better evaluated by looking at margins since both revenues and cost of products sold, particularly in Ag Services and Oilseeds, generally have a relatively equal impact from market price changes which generally result in an insignificant impact to gross profit. 
 
 Revenues increased 16.3 billion to 101.6 billion due to higher sales prices 17.1 billion), partially offset by lower sales volumes 0.8 billion). Higher sales prices of corn, wheat, oil, soybean, and meal, and higher sales volumes of rice, flavors, biodiesel, and corn, were partially offset by lower sales prices of rice and flavors, and lower sales volumes of wheat and oil. Ag Services and Oilseeds revenues increased 19 to 79.6 billion due to higher sales prices 14.3 billion), partially offset by lower sales volumes 1.8 billion). Carbohydrate Solutions revenues increased 26 to 14.0 billion due to higher sales prices 2.6 billion) and higher sales volumes 0.3 billion), despite the loss of USD-grade industrial alcohol volumes from the divested Peoria, Illinois facility. Nutrition revenues increased 14 to 7.6 billion due to higher sales prices 0.2 billion) and higher sales volumes 0.7 billion). 
 
 Cost of products sold increased 14.7 billion to 94.0 billion due principally to higher average commodity costs and higher manufacturing expenses. Manufacturing expenses increased 0.9 billion to 7.0 billion due principally to higher energy costs, higher maintenance expenses, increased operating supplies, and higher salaries and benefit costs. 
 
 32 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Foreign currency translation impacts decreased revenues by 2.6 billion and cost of products sold by 2.4 billion. 
 
 Gross profit increased 1.6 billion or 26 , to 7.6 billion due to higher results in Ag Services and Oilseeds 1.3 billion), Starches and Sweeteners 477 million), and Nutrition 149 million), partially offset by lower results in Vantage Corn Processors 352 million). These factors are explained in the segment operating profit discussion on page 35. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 12 to 3.4 billion due principally to provisions for bad debt, higher IT and project-related expenses, higher salaries and benefit costs, increased travel expenses, and amortization of intangibles from new acquisitions. 
 
 Asset impairment, exit, and restructuring costs decreased 98 million to 66 million. Charges in the current year consisted of 37 million of impairments related to certain long-lived assets and 28 million of restructuring charges, presented as specified items within segment operating profit, and 1 million of restructuring charges in Corporate. Charges in the prior year consisted primarily of 125 million of impairments related to certain long-lived assets, goodwill, and other intangible assets and 35 million of restructuring charges, presented as specified items within segment operating profit, and 4 million of restructuring charges in Corporate. 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates increased 237 million to 832 million due to higher earnings from the Company s investments in Wilmar and Olenex. 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment in the prior year of 36 million was related to the early redemption of 500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.750 notes due in March 2025. 
 
 Interest and investment income increased 197 million to 293 million due primarily to higher interest income, partially offset by lower revaluation gains of 37 million compared to 49 million in the prior period. 
 Interest expense increased 131 million to 396 million due to higher long-term debt balances and increased short-term rates on the Company s U.S. and European commercial paper borrowing programs. Interest expense in the current year also included a 9 million mark-to-market gain adjustment related to the conversion option of the exchangeable bonds issued in August 2020 compared to a 19 million mark-to-market gain adjustment in the prior year. 
 
 Other income - net of 358 million increased 264 million. Current year income included a legal recovery related to the 2019 and 2020 closure of the Company s Reserve, Louisiana, export facility of 110 million, net foreign exchange gains of 105 million, a 50 million one-time payment from the USDA Biofuel Producer Recovery Program, gains on disposals of individually insignificant assets in the ordinary course of business, and the non-service components of net pension benefit income of 25 million, partially offset by other net expense. Prior year income included gains on the sale of ethanol and certain other assets and disposals of individually insignificant assets in the ordinary course of business, net foreign exchange gains of 24 million, the non-service components of net pension benefit income of 33 million, and other income, partially offset by a non-cash pension settlement charge of 83 million related to the purchase of group annuity contracts that irrevocably transferred the future benefit obligations and annuity administration for certain salaried and hourly retirees and terminated vested participants under the Company s ADM Retirement Plant and ADM Pension Plan for Hourly-Wage Employees. 

33 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Segment operating profit, adjusted segment operating profit (a non-GAAP measure), and earnings before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 
 Segment Operating Profit 2022 2021 Change (In millions) Ag Services and Oilseeds Ag Services 1,374 770 604 Crushing 1,621 975 646 Refined Products and Other 837 652 185 Wilmar 554 378 176 Total Ag Services and Oilseeds 4,386 2,775 1,611 Carbohydrate Solutions Starches and Sweeteners 1,323 913 410 Vantage Corn Processors 37 370 (333) Total Carbohydrate Solutions 1,360 1,283 77 Nutrition Human Nutrition 566 537 29 Animal Nutrition 170 154 16 Total Nutrition 736 691 45 Other Business 167 25 142 Total Other 167 25 142 Specified Items: Gains on sale of assets 47 77 (30) Impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges (147) (213) 66 Total Specified Items (100) (136) 36 Total Segment Operating Profit 6,549 4,638 1,911 Adjusted Segment Operating Profit (1) 
 6,649 4,774 1,875 Segment Operating Profit 6,549 4,638 1,911 Corporate (1,316) (1,325) 9 Earnings Before Income Taxes 5,233 3,313 1,920 
 
 (1) Adjusted segment operating profit is segment operating profit excluding the listed specified items. 

34 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Ag Services and Oilseeds operating profit increased 58 . Ag Services results were significantly higher versus the prior year. Global trade results were higher, driven by strong performances in destination marketing and global ocean freight. North American origination volumes were lower but margins were higher year-over-year. South America results were higher, driven by better origination margins on good demand for grain. Crushing was higher year-over-year driven by robust protein and renewable diesel demand. Positive net timing effects in the current year versus negative timing effects in the prior year helped drive higher year-over-year results. Refined Products and Other results were higher than the prior year, driven by higher margins due to strong oils demand. Biodiesel margins also benefited from direct sales compared to the historical auction sales. Equity earnings from Wilmar were higher versus the prior year. 
 
 Carbohydrate Solutions operating profit increased 6 . Starches and Sweeteners, including ethanol production from the wet mills, delivered higher results versus the prior year, driven by solid margins across sweeteners and starches, strong contributions from corn co-products, and effective risk management, partially offset by weaker ethanol margins. Sales volumes for starches and sweeteners continued their recovery and the biosolutions platform continued to deliver revenue growth as demand for plant-based products expanded into more diverse applications. Vantage Corn Processors results were lower versus the prior year as ethanol margins decreased from the 2021 strong positioning gains and industrial alcohol results from the now-sold Peoria, Illinois facility, partially offset by the 50 million one-time payment from the USDA Biofuel Producer Recovery Program. 
 
 Nutrition operating profit increased 7 . Human Nutrition delivered higher year-over-year results. Flavors results were lower driven by demand fulfillment challenges, the impact of the strong U.S. dollar in EMEA, softer demand in Asia Pacific, and higher costs in North America. Strong sales growth in alternative proteins, including contribution from the Sojaprotein acquisition, and good demand for texturants offset some higher operating costs to help deliver better year-over-year results in Specialty Ingredients. Health and Wellness was also higher year-over-year, powered by probiotics, including the contribution from the November 2021 Deerland Probiotics and Enzymes acquisition, and robust demand for fiber and Vitamin E. Animal Nutrition profits were higher than the prior year due primarily to strength in amino acids. 
 
 Other Business operating profit increased 568 . Higher short-term interest rates drove improved earnings in ADM Investor Services and improved underwriting performance resulted in better captive insurance results. 
 
 Corporate results are as follows: 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Change Interest expense - net (333) (277) (56) Unallocated corporate costs (1,026) (957) (69) Loss on sale of assets (3) (3) Expenses related to acquisitions (2) (7) 5 Loss on debt extinguishment (36) 36 Gain on debt conversion option 9 19 (10) Restructuring and settlement charges (1) (87) 86 Other income 40 20 20 Total Corporate (1,316) (1,325) 9 

35 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Corporate results were a net charge of 1.3 billion in the current year compared to 1.3 billion in the prior year. Interest expense-net increased 56 million due primarily to higher long-term debt balances and increased average rates on the Company s U.S. and European commercial paper borrowing programs. Unallocated corporate costs increased 69 million due primarily to higher IT and project-related costs and higher costs in the Company s centers of excellence, partially offset by lower incentive compensation accruals. Loss on debt extinguishment in the prior year related to the early redemption of 500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.750 notes due in March 2025. Gain on debt conversion option was related to the mark-to-market adjustment of the conversion option of the exchangeable bonds issued in August 2020. Impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges in the prior year included a non-cash pension settlement charge of 83 million related to the purchase of group annuity contracts that irrevocably transferred the future benefit obligations and annuity administration for certain salaried and hourly retirees and terminated vested participants under the Company s ADM Retirement Plan and ADM Pension Plan for Hourly-Wage Employees to independent third parties, and individually insignificant restructuring charges. Other income in the current year included investment revaluation gains of 37 million, the non-service components of net pension benefit income of 25 million, and foreign exchange gains from hedge activity, partially offset by railroad maintenance expenses of 67 million. Other income in the prior year included investment revaluation gains of 49 million, the non-service components of net pension benefit income of 16 million, and foreign exchange gains from hedge activity, partially offset by railroad maintenance expenses of 67 million. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The Company uses adjusted earnings per share (EPS), adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted segment operating profit, non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC, to evaluate the Company s financial performance. These performance measures are not defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Adjusted EPS is defined as diluted EPS adjusted for the effects on reported diluted EPS of specified items. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before taxes, interest, and depreciation and amortization, adjusted for specified items. The Company calculates adjusted EBITDA by removing the impact of specified items and adding back the amounts of interest expense and depreciation and amortization to earnings before income taxes. Adjusted segment operating profit is segment operating profit adjusted, where applicable, for specified items. 
 
 Management believes that adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted segment operating profit are useful measures of the Company s performance because they provide investors additional information about the Company s operations allowing better evaluation of underlying business performance and better period-to-period comparability. Adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted segment operating profit are not intended to replace or be an alternative to diluted EPS, earnings before income taxes, and segment operating profit, respectively, the most directly comparable amounts reported under GAAP. 

36 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 The table below provides a reconciliation of diluted EPS to adjusted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 2022 2021 In millions Per share In millions Per share Average number of shares outstanding - diluted 563 566 Net earnings and reported EPS (fully diluted) 4,340 7.71 2,709 4.79 Adjustments: Gains on sale of assets (net of tax of 11 million in 2022 and 20 million in 2021) (1) 
 (33) (0.06) (57) (0.10) Asset impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges (net of tax of 33 million in 2022 and 63 million in 2021) (1) 
 115 0.21 237 0.42 Expenses related to acquisitions (net of tax of 1 million in 2022 and 2 million in 2021) (1) 
 1 5 0.01 Loss on debt extinguishment (net of tax of 9 million in 2021) (1) 
 27 0.05 Gain on debt conversion option (net of tax of 0) (1) 
 (9) (0.02) (19) (0.03) Tax adjustments 7 0.01 33 0.05 Adjusted net earnings and adjusted EPS 4,421 7.85 2,935 5.19 
 
 (1) Tax effected using the U.S. and applicable tax rates. 
 
 The tables below provide a reconciliation of earnings before income taxes to adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA by segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Change Earnings before income taxes 5,233 3,313 1,920 Interest expense 396 265 131 Depreciation and amortization 1,028 996 32 Gains on sale of assets (44) (77) 33 Asset impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges 148 300 (152) Railroad maintenance expense 67 67 Expenses related to acquisitions 2 7 (5) Loss on debt extinguishment 36 (36) Adjusted EBITDA 6,830 4,907 1,923 (In millions) 2022 2021 Change Ag Services and Oilseeds 4,740 3,145 1,595 Carbohydrate Solutions 1,675 1,616 59 Nutrition 996 912 84 Other Business 227 32 195 Corporate (808) (798) (10) Adjusted EBITDA 6,830 4,907 1,923 
 37 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 A Company objective is to have sufficient liquidity, balance sheet strength, and financial flexibility to fund the operating and capital requirements of a capital intensive agricultural commodity-based business. The Company depends on access to credit markets, which can be impacted by its credit rating and factors outside of ADM s control, to fund its working capital needs and capital expenditures. The primary source of funds to finance ADM s operations, capital expenditures, and advancement of its growth strategy is cash generated by operations and lines of credit, including a commercial paper borrowing facility and accounts receivable securitization programs. In addition, the Company believes it has access to funds from public and private equity and debt capital markets in both U.S. and international markets. 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 3.5 billion in 2022 compared to 6.6 billion in 2021. Working capital changes as described below decreased cash by 1.5 billion in the current year compared to an increase of 2.7 billion in the prior year. Segregated investments increased approximately 1.5 billion due to increased trading activity in the Company s futures commission and brokerage business. Trade receivables increased 1.7 billion primarily due to higher revenues. Inventories increased 0.3 billion due to higher inventory prices, partially offset by lower inventory volumes. Trade payables increased 1.4 billion due to increased payables related to inventory purchases and higher costs and expenses from increased operating activity during the fourth quarter of the current year compared to the same period last year. Payables to brokerage customers increased 0.9 billion due to increased customer trading activity in the Company s futures commission and brokerage business. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 1.4 billion this year compared to 2.7 billion last year. Capital expenditures in the current year were 1.3 billion compared to 1.2 billion in the prior year. Net assets of businesses acquired in the prior year of 1.6 billion were related to the acquisitions of P4, Sojaprotein, and Deerland. Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses of 0.1 billion in the current year related to the sale of certain assets compared to 0.2 billion in the prior year related to the sale of the ethanol production complex in Peoria, Illinois and certain other assets. 
 
 Cash used in financing activities was 2.5 billion this year compared to 1.1 billion last year. Long-term debt borrowings in the current year of 0.8 billion consisted of the 750 million aggregate principal amount of 2.900 Notes due 2032. Long-term debt borrowings in the prior year of 1.3 billion consisted of the 750 million aggregate principal amount of 2.700 Notes due 2051 issued on September 10, 2021 and the 0.5 billion aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2022 issued in a private placement on March 25, 2021. The Company expects to apply an amount equal to the proceeds from the borrowings in the current year to finance or refinance eligible green projects and/or eligible social projects. Proceeds from the borrowings in the prior year were used to redeem debt and for general corporate purposes. Long-term debt payments in the current year of 0.5 billion consisted of the 0.5 billion aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate senior notes due 2022 issued in a private placement on March 25, 2021. Long-term debt payments in the prior year of 0.5 billion consisted of the early redemption of the 500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.750 notes due 2025 in September 2021. Net payments on short-term credit arrangements were 0.4 billion in the current year compared to 1.1 billion in the prior year. Share repurchases in the current year were 1.5 billion compared to an insignificant amount in the prior year. Dividends paid in the current year were 0.9 billion compared to 0.8 billion in the prior year. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, ADM had 1.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents and a current ratio, defined as current assets divided by current liabilities, of 1.5 to 1. Included in working capital is 9.0 billion of readily marketable commodity inventories. At December 31, 2022, the Company s capital resources included shareholders equity of 24.3 billion and lines of credit, including the accounts receivable securitization programs described below, totaling 12.4 billion, of which 9.3 billion was unused. ADM s ratio of long-term debt to total capital (the sum of long-term debt and shareholders equity) was 24 and 26 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company uses this ratio as a measure of ADM s long-term indebtedness and an indicator of financial flexibility. The Company s ratio of net debt (the sum of short-term debt, current maturities of long-term debt, and long-term debt less the sum of cash and cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities) to capital (the sum of net debt and shareholders equity) was 25 and 28 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of the Company s total lines of credit, 5.0 billion supported the commercial paper borrowing programs, against which there was 0.3 billion of commercial paper outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 1.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents, 0.5 billion of which is cash held by foreign subsidiaries whose undistributed earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. Based on the Company s historical ability to generate sufficient cash flows from its U.S. operations and unused and available U.S. credit capacity of 5.7 billion, the Company has asserted that these funds are indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. 
 38 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 The Company has accounts receivable securitization programs (the Programs with certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers. The Programs provide the Company with up to 2.6 billion in funding against accounts receivable transferred into the Programs and expand the Company s access to liquidity through efficient use of its balance sheet assets (see Note 19 in Item 8 for more information and disclosures on the Programs). As of December 31, 2022, the Company utilized 2.6 billion of its facility under the Programs. 
 
 On November 5, 2014, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 100,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock during the period commencing January 1, 2015 and ending December 31, 2019. On August 7, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved the extension of the stock repurchase program through December 31, 2024 and the repurchase of up to an additional 100,000,000 shares under the extended program. The Company has acquired approximately 112.2 million shares under this program and its extension as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has total available liquidity of 10.3 billion comprised of cash and cash equivalents and unused lines of credit. 
 
 In 2023, the Company expects capital expenditures of 1.3 billion and additional cash outlays of approximately 1.0 billion in dividends and up to 1.0 billion in opportunistic share repurchases, subject to other strategic uses of capital and the evolution of operating cash flows and the working capital position throughout the year. 
 
 The Company s purchase obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 15.8 billion and 18.6 billion, respectively. The change is primarily related to a decrease in obligations to purchase agricultural commodity inventories and other commitments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company expects to make payments related to purchase obligations of 14.8 billion within the next twelve months. The Company s other material cash requirements within the next 12 months include commercial paper outstanding of 0.3 billion, current maturities of long-term debt of 0.9 billion, interest payments of 0.3 billion, operating lease payments of 0.3 billion, transition tax liability of 37 million, and pension and other postretirement plan contributions of 107 million. The Company expects to make payments related to purchase obligations and other material cash requirements beyond the next twelve months of 16.8 billion. 
 
 The Company s credit facilities and certain debentures require the Company to comply with specified financial and non-financial covenants including maintenance of minimum tangible net worth as well as limitations related to incurring liens, secured debt, and certain other financing arrangements. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The three major credit rating agencies have maintained the Company s credit ratings at solid investment grade levels with stable outlooks. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The process of preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the carrying values of the Company s assets and liabilities as well as the recognition of revenues and expenses. These estimates and judgments are based on the Company s historical experience and management s knowledge and understanding of current facts and circumstances. Certain of the Company s accounting policies and estimates are considered critical, as these policies and estimates are important to the depiction of the Company s financial statements and require significant or complex judgment by management. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with GAAP which involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on ADM s financial condition and results of operations. Management has discussed with the Company s Audit Committee the development, selection, disclosure, and application of these critical accounting policies and estimates. Following are the accounting policies and estimates management considers critical to the Company s financial statements. 

39 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Fair Value Measurements - Inventories and Commodity Derivatives 
 
 Description: Certain of the Company s inventory, inventory-related payables, and commodity derivative assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 are valued at estimated fair values, including 9.0 billion of merchandisable agricultural commodity inventories, 1.3 billion of commodity derivative assets, 1.3 billion of commodity derivative liabilities, and 1.3 billion of inventory-related payables. Commodity derivative assets and liabilities include forward purchase and sales contracts for agricultural commodities. Merchandisable agricultural commodities are freely traded, have quoted market prices, and may be sold without significant additional processing. 
 
 Judgments and Uncertainties: Management estimates fair value for its commodity-related assets and liabilities based on exchange-quoted prices, adjusted for differences in local markets. The Company s inventory, inventory-related payables, and commodity derivative fair value measurements are mainly based on observable market quotations without significant adjustments and are therefore reported as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Level 3 fair value measurements of approximately 3.3 billion of assets and 0.7 billion of liabilities represent fair value estimates where unobservable price components represent 10 or more of the total fair value price. For more information concerning amounts reported as Level 3, see Note 4 in Item 8. 
 
 Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: Changes in the market values of these inventories and commodity contracts are recognized in the statement of earnings as a component of cost of products sold. If management used different methods or factors to estimate market value, amounts reported could differ materially. Additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods could differ materially. 
 
 Derivatives Designated Hedging Activities 
 
 Description: The Company, from time to time, uses derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges to hedge the purchase or sales price of anticipated volumes of commodities to be purchased and processed in a future month. See Note 5 in Item 8 for additional information. 
 
 Judgments and Uncertainties: Assuming normal market conditions, the change in the market value of such derivative contracts has historically been, and is expected to continue to be, highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of the hedged item. 
 
 Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: Gains and losses arising from open and closed hedging transactions are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of applicable income taxes, and recognized as a component of cost of products sold and revenues in the statement of earnings when the hedged item is recognized in earnings. If it is determined that the derivative instruments used are no longer effective at offsetting changes in the price of the hedged item, then the changes in the market value of these exchange-traded futures and exchange-traded and over-the-counter (OTC) option contracts would be recorded immediately in the statement of earnings as a component of revenues and/or cost of products sold. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Description: The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the applicable accounting standards. These standards prescribe a minimum threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred taxes are recognized for the estimated taxes ultimately payable or recoverable based on enacted tax law. Changes in enacted tax rates are reflected in the tax provision as they occur. 
 
 Judgments and Uncertainties: ADM calculates its provision for income taxes based on the statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to the Company in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. The Company uses judgment in evaluating the Company s tax positions and determining its annual tax provision. 
 
 40 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: While ADM considers all of its tax positions fully supportable, the Company faces challenges from U.S. and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. The Company recognizes a tax position in its consolidated financial statements when it is determined to be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, based on its technical merits. The position is then measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. For example, the Company has received tax assessments from tax authorities in Argentina and the Netherlands, challenging income tax positions taken by subsidiaries of the Company. The Company evaluated its tax positions for these matters and concluded, based in part upon advice from legal counsel, that it was appropriate to recognize the tax benefits of these positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, based on their technical merits (see Note 13 in Item 8 for additional information). 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Description: The Company s acquisitions are accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 805, Business Combinations, as amended. The consideration transferred is allocated to various assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date with the residual allocated to goodwill. The Company accounts for any redeemable noncontrolling interest in temporary equity - redeemable noncontrolling interest at redemption value with periodic changes recorded in retained earnings. 
 
 Judgments and Uncertainties: Fair values allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations require management to make significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Management makes estimates of fair values based upon assumptions it believes to be reasonable. These estimates are based upon historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. The estimated fair values related to intangible assets primarily consist of customer relationships, trademarks, and developed technology which are determined primarily using discounted cash flow models. Estimates in the discounted cash flow models include, but are not limited to, certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results (e.g. revenue growth rates, customer attrition rates, and royalty rates). These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
 
 Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: During the measurement period, which may take up to one year from the acquisition date, adjustments due to changes in the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be recorded as adjustments to the consideration transferred and related allocations. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or the final determination of the values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any such adjustments are charged to the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Description: Goodwill is subject to annual impairment tests. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually on October 1 or whenever there are indicators that the carrying value may not be fully recoverable. The Company has seven reporting units with goodwill identified at one level below the operating segment using the criteria in ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350). 
 
 Judgments and Uncertainties: The Company adopted the provisions of Topic 350, which permits, but does not require, a company to qualitatively assess indicators of a reporting unit s fair value. If after completing the qualitative assessment, a company believes it is likely that a reporting unit is impaired, a discounted cash flow analysis is prepared to estimate fair value. Critical estimates in the determination of the fair value of each reporting unit include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows, revenue growth, and discount rates. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company evaluated goodwill for impairment using a qualitative assessment in five reporting units and using a quantitative assessment in two reporting units. 
 
 Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: The Company recorded goodwill impairment charges of 5 million and 1 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively (see Note 18 in Item 8 for more information). There was no goodwill impairment charge recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. The estimated fair values of the reporting units evaluated for impairment using a quantitative assessment were substantially in excess of their carrying values. If management used different estimates and assumptions in its impairment tests, then the Company could recognize different amounts of expense over future periods. 
 
 41 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The market risk inherent in the Company s market risk sensitive instruments and positions is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in: commodity market prices as they relate to the Company s net commodity position, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates as described below. 
 
 Commodities 
 
 The availability and prices of agricultural commodities are subject to wide fluctuations due to factors such as changes in weather conditions, crop disease, plantings, government programs and policies, competition, changes in global demand, changes in customer preferences and standards of living, and global production of similar and competitive crops. 
 
 The Company manages its exposure to adverse price movements of agricultural commodities used for, and produced in, its business operations, by entering into derivative and non-derivative contracts which reduce the Company s overall short or long commodity position. Additionally, the Company uses exchange-traded futures and exchange-traded and over-the-counter option contracts as components of merchandising strategies designed to enhance margins. The results of these strategies can be significantly impacted by factors such as the correlation between the value of exchange-traded commodities futures contracts and the cash prices of the underlying commodities, counterparty contract defaults, and volatility of freight markets. In addition, the Company, from time-to-time, enters into derivative contracts which are designated as hedges of specific volumes of commodities that will be purchased and processed, or sold, in a future month. The changes in the market value of such futures contracts have historically been, and are expected to continue to be, highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of the hedged item. Gains and losses arising from open and closed designated hedging transactions are deferred in other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes, and recognized as a component of cost of products sold or revenues in the statement of earnings when the hedged item is recognized. 
 
 The Company s commodity position consists of merchandisable agricultural commodity inventories, related purchase and sales contracts, energy and freight contracts, and exchange-traded futures and exchange-traded and over-the-counter option contracts including contracts used to hedge anticipated transactions. 
 
 The fair value of the Company s commodity position is a summation of the fair values calculated for each commodity by valuing all of the commodity positions at quoted market prices for the period, where available, or utilizing a close proxy. The Company has established metrics to monitor the amount of market risk exposure, which consist of volumetric limits, and value-at-risk (VaR) limits. VaR measures the potential loss, at a 95 confidence level, that could be incurred over a one year period. Volumetric limits are monitored daily and VaR calculations and sensitivity analysis are monitored weekly. 
 
 In addition to measuring the hypothetical loss resulting from an adverse two standard deviation move in market prices (assuming no correlations) over a one year period using VaR, sensitivity analysis is performed measuring the potential loss in fair value resulting from a hypothetical 10 adverse change in market prices. The highest, lowest, and average weekly position for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 together with the market risk from a hypothetical 10 adverse price change is as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Long/(Short) Fair Value Market Risk Fair Value Market Risk (In millions) Highest position 986 99 1,426 143 Lowest position 44 4 (98) (10) Average position 388 39 671 67 
 
 The change in fair value of the average position was due to the decrease in prices of certain commodities and, to a lesser extent, the overall decrease in average quantities. 

42 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK (Continued) 

Currencies 
 
 The Company has consolidated subsidiaries in more than 70 countries. For the majority of the Company s subsidiaries located outside the United States, the local currency is the functional currency except certain significant subsidiaries in Switzerland where Euro is the functional currency, and Brazil and Argentina where U.S. dollar is the functional currency. To reduce the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, the Company enters into currency exchange contracts to minimize its foreign currency position related to transactions denominated primarily in Euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, and Brazilian real currencies. These currencies represent the major functional or local currencies in which recurring business transactions occur. The Company also uses currency exchange contracts as hedges against amounts indefinitely invested in foreign subsidiaries and affiliates. The currency exchange contracts used are forward contracts, swaps with banks, exchange-traded futures contracts, and over-the-counter options. The changes in market value of such contracts have a high correlation to the price changes in the currency of the related transactions. The potential loss in fair value for such net currency position resulting from a hypothetical 10 adverse change in foreign currency exchange rates is not material. Effective April 1, 2022, the Company changed the functional currency of its Turkish entities to the U.S. dollar which did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The amount the Company considers indefinitely invested in foreign subsidiaries and corporate joint ventures translated into dollars using the year-end exchange rates is 13.0 billion and 10.6 billion 15.5 billion and 12.7 billion at historical rates) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase is due to the increase in retained earnings of the foreign subsidiaries of 2.8 billion partially offset by the depreciation of foreign currencies versus the U.S. dollar of 0.4 billion. The potential loss in fair value, which would principally be recognized in Other Comprehensive Income, resulting from a hypothetical 10 adverse change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates is 1.6 billion and 1.3 billion for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Actual results may differ. 
 
 Interest 
 
 The fair value of the Company s long-term debt is estimated using quoted market prices, where available, and discounted future cash flows based on the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. Market risk is estimated as the potential increase in fair value resulting from a hypothetical 50 basis points decrease in interest rates. Actual results may differ. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In millions) Fair value of long-term debt 7,502 9,512 Fair value amount over (under) carrying value (232) 1,500 Market risk 342 490 
 
 The decrease in the fair value of long-term debt at December 31, 2022 is primarily due to higher interest rates. 
 43 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Financial Statements Page No. Consolidated Statements of Earnings 45 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 46 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 49 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 50 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID: 102 

44 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 

Year Ended (In millions, except per share amounts) December 31 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Cost of products sold Gross Profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Asset impairment, exit, and restructuring costs Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates ) ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment Interest and investment income ) ) ) Interest expense Other (income) expense - net ) ) ) Earnings Before Income Taxes Income tax expense Net Earnings Including Noncontrolling Interests Less: Net earnings (losses) attributable to noncontrolling interests Net Earnings Attributable to Controlling Interests Average number of shares outstanding basic Average number of shares outstanding diluted Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Year Ended (In millions) December 31 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings including noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Tax effect ) ) Net of tax amount ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities adjustment ) Tax effect ) ) Net of tax amount ) Deferred gain (loss) on hedging activities ) Tax effect ) Net of tax effect ) Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) ) ) Tax effect Net of tax effect ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to controlling interests 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 46 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Segregated cash and investments Trade receivables - net Inventories Other current assets Total Current Assets Investments and Other Assets Investments in and advances to affiliates Goodwill and other intangible assets Right-of-use assets Other assets Total Investments and Other Assets Property, Plant, and Equipment Land and land improvements Buildings Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net Property, Plant, and Equipment Total Assets Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Shareholders Equity Current Liabilities Short-term debt Trade payables Payables to brokerage customers Current lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other payables Current maturities of long-term debt Total Current Liabilities Long-Term Liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Non-current lease liabilities Other Total Long-Term Liabilities Temporary Equity - Redeemable noncontrolling interest Shareholders Equity Common stock Reinvested earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Noncontrolling interests Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Shareholders Equity 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(In millions) Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net earnings including noncontrolling interests Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by (used in) operating results Depreciation and amortization Asset impairment charges Deferred income taxes ) ) Equity in earnings of affiliates, net of dividends ) ) ) Stock compensation expense Deferred cash flow hedges ) Loss on debt extinguishment (Gain) loss on sales of assets and businesses/investment revaluation ) ) ) Other net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and dispositions Segregated investments ) Trade receivables ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Deferred consideration in securitized receivables ) Other current assets ) ) Trade payables Payables to brokerage customers Accrued expenses and other payables ) ) Total Operating Activities ) Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Net assets of businesses acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses Investments in affiliates ) ) ) Investments in retained interest in securitized receivables ) Proceeds from retained interest in securitized receivables Cost method investments ) ) ) Other net ) Total Investing Activities ) ) Financing Activities Long-term debt borrowings Long-term debt payments ) ) ) Net borrowings (payments) under lines of credit agreements ) ) Share repurchases ) ) Cash dividends ) ) ) Other net Total Financing Activities ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents end of year 
 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents to the consolidated balance sheets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents included in segregated cash and investments Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents Cash paid for interest and income taxes were as follows: Interest Income taxes Supplemental Disclosure of Noncash Investing Activity: Retained interest in securitized receivables 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 Accumulated Other Total Common Stock Reinvested Comprehensive Noncontrolling Shareholders Shares Amount Earnings Income (Loss) Interests Equity (In millions) Balance, December 31, 2019 ) Impact of ASC 326 (see Note 1) ) ) Balance, January 1, 2020 ) Comprehensive income Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income Cash dividends paid- per share ) ) Share repurchases ) ) ) Stock compensation expense Stock option exercises net of taxes Other ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Comprehensive income Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss) Total comprehensive income Cash dividends paid- per share ) ) Stock compensation expense Stock option exercises net of taxes Other ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Comprehensive income Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income Cash dividends paid- per share ) ) Share repurchases ) ) ) Stock compensation expense Stock option exercises net of taxes Other ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1. 

50 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

million, million, and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Current year provisions Recoveries Write-offs against allowance ) ) Foreign exchange translation adjustment ) ) Other Ending, December 31 
 
 Effective January 1, 2020, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326), and recorded a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings at January 1, 2020 of million as a result of the adoption of Topic 326. 
 
 million million after tax, equal to per diluted share) for the cumulative effect of the change in the year ended December 31, 2020 with no impact to the statement of cash flows. The change did not have a material impact on the Company s results for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 million million after tax, equal to per diluted share) in the year ended December 31, 2020, with no impact to the consolidated statement of cash flows. 

51 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 Finished goods Total inventories 
 
 Included in raw materials and supplies are work in process inventories which were not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

52 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in Other Assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Revaluation gains of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, in connection with observable third-party transactions, are recorded in interest and investment income in the Company s consolidated statements of earnings. As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative amount of upward adjustments is million. 
 
 to years; machinery and equipment - to years. The Company capitalized interest on major construction projects in progress of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 53 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 to years and are reviewed for impairment whenever there are indicators that the carrying value of the assets may not be fully recoverable. The Company s accounting policy is to evaluate goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment on October 1 of each fiscal year or whenever there are indicators that the carrying value of the assets may not be fully recoverable. The Company recorded impairment charges totaling million related to customer lists, million related to goodwill and other intangibles, and million related to customer lists during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively (see Note 9 for additional information). 

million, million, and million, respectively. 

54 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Operations in Ukraine and Russia 
 
 ADM employs approximately people in Ukraine and operates an oilseeds crushing plant, a grain port terminal, inland and river silos, and a trading office. Most of the facilities have been temporarily idled since February 24, 2022, some of which were brought back online during the quarter ended September 30, 2022, due in part to the opening of the Black Sea grain export corridor. The Company s footprint in Russia is limited to operations related to the production and transport of essential food commodities and ingredients. 
 
 As a result of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, the Company reviewed the valuation of its assets and recorded immaterial charges in the year ended December 31, 2022 related to receivables and inventories. As of December 31, 2022, ADM concluded that 1) receivables, net of allowances, are deemed collectible; and 2) commodity inventories are valued appropriately. The temporarily idled property, plant, and equipment, which is immaterial, are not considered impaired. The Company also evaluated the impact of Russia s recent announcement of its purported annexation of four Ukrainian regions on the valuation of ADM s assets in those regions and concluded that the assets are appropriately valued. As the conflict in Ukraine evolves, the Company will continue to review the valuation of these assets and make any required adjustments, which are not expected to be material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 55 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Note 2. 
 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. For physically settled derivative sales contracts that are outside the scope of Topic 606, the Company recognizes revenue when control of the inventory is transferred within the meaning of Topic 606 as required by ASC 610-20. 
 Shipping and Handling Costs 
 
 Shipping and handling costs related to contracts with customers for the sale of goods are accounted for as a fulfillment activity and are included in cost of products sold. Accordingly, amounts billed to customers for such costs are included as a component of revenues. 

56 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 2. Revenues (Continued) 

Contract Liabilities 
 
 Contract liabilities relate to advance payments from customers for goods and services that the Company has yet to provide. Contract liabilities of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were recorded in accrued expenses and other payables in the consolidated balance sheet. Contract liabilities recognized as revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Crushing Refined Products and Other Total Ag Services and Oilseeds Carbohydrate Solutions Starches and Sweeteners Vantage Corn Processors Total Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Human Nutrition Animal Nutrition Total Nutrition Other Business Total Revenues 
 
 57 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 2. Revenues (Continued) 

Crushing Refined Products and Other Total Ag Services and Oilseeds Carbohydrate Solutions Starches and Sweeteners Vantage Corn Processors Total Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Human Nutrition Animal Nutrition Total Nutrition Other Business Total Revenues 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Topic 606 Revenue Topic 815 (1) 
 Total Point in Time Over Time Total Revenue Revenues (In millions) Ag Services and Oilseeds Ag Services Crushing Refined Products and Other Total Ag Services and Oilseeds Carbohydrate Solutions Starches and Sweeteners Vantage Corn Processors Total Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Human Nutrition Animal Nutrition Total Nutrition Other Business Total Revenues 
 
 (1) Topic 815 revenue relates to the physical delivery or the settlement of the Company s sales contracts that are accounted for as derivatives and are outside the scope of Topic 606. 
 58 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 2. Revenues (Continued) 

59 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 3. 
 
 million. The cash consideration of this acquisition, net of million in cash acquired, was allocated as follows: 
 
 (In millions) Property, plant, and equipment Goodwill Cash consideration 
 
 Fiscal year 2021 acquisitions 
 
 businesses including, a majority stake in U.S.-based PetDine, Pedigree Ovens, The Pound Bakery, and NutraDine (collectively, P4 ), premier providers of private label pet treats and supplements; Deerland Probiotics Enzymes Deerland ), a leader in probiotic, prebiotic, and enzyme technology; and Sojaprotein, a leading European provider of non-GMO soy ingredients, for an aggregate consideration of billion using cash on hand. The aggregate cash consideration of these acquisitions, net of million in cash acquired, was allocated as follows. In 2022, the Company made immaterial adjustments to the purchase price allocations related to these acquisitions. These adjustments have been reflected in the table below. 
 
 (In millions) P4 Deerland Sojaprotein Others Total Working capital Property, plant, and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets Other long-term assets Long-term liabilities ) ) ) Temporary equity - redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Aggregate cash consideration 
 
 The Company has the option to acquire the remaining interest in P4 from December 31, 2023 to March 31, 2025, based on a fixed multiple of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization for the prior to the exercise of this option. The noncontrolling interest holders also have the option to put the 25 interest to the Company on the same terms. The Company records the remaining interest in temporary equity - redeemable noncontrolling interest. 
 
 Of the million allocated to goodwill, million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 The 2021 acquisitions advance ADM s growth strategy by expanding the Company s capabilities in pet treat and supplements and the fast-growing global demand for plant-based proteins as well as capabilities in the high-value flavor segment and the fast growing demand for food, beverages, and supplements. The post-acquisition financial results of these acquisitions are reported in the Nutrition segment. 

60 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 3. Acquisitions (Continued) 

 to Customer lists to Recipes and others Total other intangible assets acquired 
 
 Fiscal year 2020 acquisitions 
 
 interest in Anco Animal Nutrition Competence GmbH Anco for an aggregate cash consideration of million. The aggregate cash consideration of these acquisitions plus the million acquisition-date value of the Company s previously held equity interest in Anco, were allocated as follows: 
 (In millions) Working capital Property, plant, and equipment Goodwill Long-term liabilities ) Aggregate cash consideration plus acquisition-date fair value of previously held equity interest 
 
 The Company recognized a pre-tax gain of million on the Anco transaction, representing the difference between the carrying value and acquisition-date fair value of the Company s previously held equity interest. The acquisition-date fair value was determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis using market participant assumptions (a Level 3 measurement under applicable accounting standards). 
 . 

61 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 4. 
 
 Unrealized derivative gains: Commodity contracts Foreign exchange contracts 
 Interest rate contracts Cash equivalents Segregated investments Total Assets Liabilities: Unrealized derivative losses: Commodity contracts Foreign exchange contracts 
 Debt conversion option Inventory-related payables Total Liabilities 

62 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 4. Fair Value Measurements (Continued) 

 Unrealized derivative gains: Commodity contracts Foreign currency contracts Interest rate contracts Cash equivalents Segregated investments Total Assets Liabilities: Unrealized derivative losses: Commodity contracts Foreign currency contracts Debt conversion option Inventory-related payables Total Liabilities 
 
 Estimated fair values of inventories and inventory-related payables stated at market are based on exchange-quoted prices, adjusted for differences in local markets and quality, referred to as basis. Market valuations for the Company s inventories are adjusted for location and quality (basis) because the exchange-quoted prices represent contracts that have standardized terms for commodity, quantity, future delivery period, delivery location, and commodity quality or grade. The basis adjustments are generally determined using inputs from competitor and broker quotations or market transactions and are considered observable. Basis adjustments are impacted by specific local supply and demand characteristics at each facility and the overall market. Factors such as substitute products, weather, fuel costs, contract terms, and futures prices also impact the movement of these basis adjustments. In some cases, the basis adjustments are unobservable because they are supported by little to no market activity. When unobservable inputs have a significant impact (more than 10 on the measurement of fair value, the inventory is classified in Level 3. Changes in the fair value of inventories and inventory-related payables are recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings as a component of cost of products sold. 

63 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 4. Fair Value Measurements (Continued) 

64 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 4. Fair Value Measurements (Continued) 

 Total increase (decrease) in net realized/unrealized gains included in cost of products sold Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2022 (1) 

(1) Includes increase in unrealized gains of billion relating to Level 3 assets still held at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Total increase (decrease) in net realized/unrealized losses included in cost of products sold and interest expense ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2022 (1) 

(1) Includes increase in unrealized losses of billion relating to Level 3 liabilities still held at December 31, 2022. 
 
 65 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 4. Fair Value Measurements (Continued) 

 Total increase (decrease) in net realized/unrealized gains included in cost of products sold Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2021 (1) 

(1) Includes increase in unrealized gains of billion relating to Level 3 assets still held at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Total increase (decrease) in net realized/unrealized losses included in cost of products sold and interest expense ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2021 (1) 

(1) Includes increase in unrealized losses of billion relating to Level 3 liabilities still held at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Transfers into Level 3 of assets and liabilities previously classified in Level 2 were due to the relative value of unobservable inputs to the total fair value measurement of certain products and derivative contracts rising above the 10 threshold. Transfers out of Level 3 were primarily due to the relative value of unobservable inputs to the total fair value measurement of certain products and derivative contracts falling below the 10 threshold and thus permitting reclassification to Level 2. 

66 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 4. Fair Value Measurements (Continued) 

 of the total price for assets and of the total price for liabilities. 
 
 Weighted Average of Total Price December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Component Type Assets Liabilities Assets Liabilities Inventories and Related Payables Basis Transportation cost Commodity Derivative Contracts Basis Transportation cost 
 
 In certain of the Company s principal markets, the Company relies on price quotes from third parties to value its inventories and physical commodity purchase and sale contracts. These price quotes are generally not further adjusted by the Company in determining the applicable market price. In some cases, availability of third-party quotes is limited to only one or two independent sources. In these situations, absent other corroborating evidence, the Company considers these price quotes as 100 unobservable and, therefore, the fair value of these items is reported in Level 3. 

Note 5. 

67 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 5. Derivative Instruments Hedging Activities (Continued) 

 Commodity Contracts Debt Conversion Option Total 
 
 The following table sets forth the pre-tax gains (losses) on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments that have been included in the consolidated statements of earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Cost of Other expense (income) - net products Interest (In millions) Revenues sold Expense For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Consolidated Statement of Earnings ) Pre-tax gains (losses) on: Foreign Currency Contracts ) Commodity Contracts ) Debt Conversion Option Total gain (loss) recognized in earnings ) For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Consolidated Statement of Earnings ) Pre-tax gains (losses) on: Foreign Currency Contracts ) Commodity Contracts ) Debt Conversion Option Total gain (loss) recognized in earnings ) ) For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Consolidated Statement of Earnings ) Pre-tax gains (losses) on: Foreign Currency Contracts ) ) Commodity Contracts ) Debt Conversion Option ) Total gain (loss) recognized in earnings ) ) ) ) 
 68 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 5. Derivative Instruments Hedging Activities (Continued) 

 million bushels per month. During the past 12 months, the Company hedged between and of its monthly grind. At December 31, 2022, the Company had designated hedges representing between to of its anticipated monthly grind of corn for the next months. 
 
 The Company, from time to time, also uses futures, options, and swaps to hedge the sales price of certain ethanol sales contracts. The Company has established hedging programs for ethanol sales contracts that are indexed to unleaded gasoline prices and to various exchange-traded ethanol contracts. The objective of these hedging programs is to reduce the variability of cash flows associated with the Company s sales of ethanol. During the past 12 months and as of December 31, 2022, the Company had hedges related to ethanol sales. 
 
 The Company uses futures and options contracts to hedge the purchase price of anticipated volumes of soybeans to be purchased and processed in a future month for certain of its U.S. soybean crush facilities, subject to certain program limits. The Company also uses futures or options contracts to hedge the sales prices of anticipated soybean meal and soybean oil sales proportionate to the soybean crushing process at these facilities, subject to certain program limits. During the past 12 months, the Company hedged between and of the anticipated monthly soybean crush for soybean purchases and soybean meal and oil sales at the designated facilities. At December 31, 2022, the Company had designated hedges representing between and of the anticipated monthly soybean crush for soybean purchases and soybean meal and oil sales at the designated facilities over the next months. 
 
 The Company uses futures and OTC swaps to hedge the purchase price of anticipated volumes of natural gas consumption in a future month for certain of its facilities in North America and Europe, subject to certain program limits. During the past 12 months, the Company hedged between and of the anticipated monthly natural gas consumption at the designated facilities. At December 31, 2022, the Company had designated hedges representing between and of the anticipated monthly natural gas consumption over the next months. 
 69 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 5. Derivative Instruments Hedging Activities (Continued) 

 million and after-tax gains of million in AOCI, respectively, related to gains and losses from these programs. The Company expects to recognize million of the 2022 after-tax losses in its consolidated statement of earnings during the next 12 months. 
 
 Interest Rate Contracts 
 The Company s structured trade finance programs use interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges to hedge the forecasted interest payments on certain letters of credit from banks. The terms of the interest rate swaps match the terms of the forecasted interest payments. The deferred gains and losses are recognized in revenues over the period in which the related interest payments are paid to the banks. The amounts are recorded in revenues as the related results are also recorded in revenues. The Company had interest rate swaps maturing on various dates with aggregate notional amount of billion as of December 31, 2021 and as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company also uses swap locks designated as cash flow hedges to hedge the changes in the forecasted interest payments due to changes in the benchmark rate leading up to future bond issuance dates. The terms of the swap locks match the terms of the forecasted interest payments. The deferred gains and losses will be recognized in interest expense over the period in which the related interest payments will be paid. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company executed swap locks maturing on various dates with an aggregate notional amount of million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had after-tax gains of million and million in AOCI, respectively, related to the interest rate swaps and swap locks. The Company expects to recognize amounts deferred in AOCI in its consolidated statement of earnings during the life of the instruments. 
 
 Foreign Currency Contracts 
 The Company uses cross-currency swaps and foreign exchange forwards designated as net investment hedges to protect the Company s investment in a foreign subsidiary against changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company executed USD-fixed to Euro-fixed cross-currency swaps with an aggregate notional amount of billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and foreign exchange forwards with an aggregate notional amount of billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness are immaterial for all periods presented. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had after-tax gains of million and after-tax losses of million in AOCI, respectively, related to foreign exchange gains and losses from net investment hedge transactions. The amount is deferred in AOCI until the underlying investment is divested. 
 
 Interest Rate Contracts Foreign Currency Contracts Total 
 70 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 5. Derivative Instruments Hedging Activities (Continued) 

 ) Effective amounts recognized in earnings Pre-tax gains (losses) on: Commodity Contracts Interest Contracts Total gain (loss) recognized in earnings For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Consolidated Statement of Earnings ) Effective amounts recognized in earnings Pre-tax gains (losses) on: Commodity Contracts Interest Rate Contracts ) Total gain (loss) recognized in earnings ) For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Consolidated Statement of Earnings ) Effective amounts recognized in earnings Pre-tax gains (losses) on: Commodity Contracts ) Interest Rate Contracts ) ) Total gain (loss) recognized in earnings ) ) ) ) 
 Other Net Investment Hedging Strategies 
 
 The Company has designated billion and billion of its outstanding long-term debt and commercial paper borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as hedges of its net investment in a foreign subsidiary. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had after-tax gains of million and million in AOCI, respectively, related to foreign exchange gains and losses from the net investment hedge transactions. The amount is deferred in AOCI until the underlying investment is divested. 

71 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 6. 
 
 Margin deposits and grain accounts Customer omnibus receivable Financing receivables - net (1) 
 Insurance premiums receivable Prepaid expenses Biodiesel tax credit Tax receivables Non-trade receivables (2) 
 Other current assets 
 
 (1) The Company provides financing to suppliers, primarily Brazilian farmers, to finance a portion of the suppliers production costs. The amounts are reported net of allowances of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest earned on financing receivables of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, is included in interest and investment income in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 
 (2) Non-trade receivables included million and million of reinsurance recoverables as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 7. 
 
 Accrued compensation Income tax payable Other taxes payable Insurance claims payable Contract liability Other accruals and payables 

72 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Note 8. 
 
 and share ownership in Wilmar as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also holds equity method investments in Pacificor ), Stratas Foods LLC ), Edible Oils Limited ), Olenex ), SoyVen ), Hungrana Ltd ), Almidones Mexicanos S.A. ), Aston Foods and Food Ingredients ), and Vimison S.A. de C.V. ). The Company had and unconsolidated domestic and foreign affiliates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Non-current assets Current liabilities ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) Net assets 
 
 Year Ended December 31 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Gross profit Net income 
 
 The Company s share of the undistributed earnings of its unconsolidated affiliates as of December 31, 2022 is billion. The Company s investment in Wilmar has a carrying value of billion as of December 31, 2022, and a market value of billion based on quoted market price converted to U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rate at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company provides credit facilities totaling million to unconsolidated affiliates. There was outstanding balance on these facilities as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Net sales to unconsolidated affiliates during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were billion, billion, and billion, respectively. 
 
 Accounts receivable due from unconsolidated affiliates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 

73 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Note 9. 
 
 Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Other Business Total 
 
 The changes in goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2022 were related to foreign currency translation losses of million, partially offset by 2022 acquisitions and adjustments to purchase price allocations related to 2021 acquisitions (see Note 3). 
 
 Intangible assets with definite lives: Trademarks/brands to ) ) Customer lists to ) ) Capitalized software and related costs ) ) Land rights to ) ) Other intellectual property to ) ) Recipes and other to ) ) Intangible assets in process Total ) ) 
 
 The changes in the gross amounts during the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily related to additions to intangible assets in process, partially offset by decreases related to foreign currency translation of million. The changes in accumulated amortization during the year ended December 31, 2022 were related to amortization expense, partially offset by decreases related to foreign currency translation of million. Aggregate amortization expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, of which million, million, and million, respectively, were for amortization of capitalized software and related costs. The estimated future aggregate amortization expense for the next five years is million, million, million, million, and million, respectively. 
 74 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 10. 
 
 Notes billion Notes billion Notes million Notes million Notes million Notes million Notes million Debentures million Notes million Debentures million Bonds million Debentures million Debentures million Debentures million Debentures million Debentures million Debentures million Debentures million Debentures million Debentures million Fixed to Floating Rate Notes million Other Total long-term debt including current maturities Current maturities ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 On , the Company issued its first sustainability bond of million aggregate principal amount of notes due . Net proceeds before expenses were million. The Company expects to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds to finance or refinance eligible green projects and/or eligible social projects. 
 
 In September 2022, the Company redeemed million aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2022 issued in a private placement on March 25, 2021. 
 
 On September 29, 2022, Archer Daniels Midland Singapore, Pte. Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, closed on a million revolving credit facility at an interest rate of . The facility will be used to finance working capital requirements of ADM entities in the Asia Pacific region and general corporate purposes. 
 75 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 10. Debt Financing Arrangements (Continued) 

 , the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Notes due (the Notes ). Net proceeds before expenses were million. 
 
 In September 2021, the Company used the proceeds of the Notes to redeem million aggregate principal amount of notes due March 27, 2025 and recognized a debt extinguishment charge of million in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Discount amortization expense, net of premium amortization, of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, are included in interest expense related to the Company s long-term debt. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company s long-term debt was below the carrying value by billion, as estimated using quoted market prices (a Level 2 measurement under applicable accounting standards). 
 
 The aggregate maturities of long-term debt for the five years after December 31, 2022, are million, million, million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had lines of credit, including the accounts receivable securitization programs described below, totaling billion, of which billion was unused. The weighted average interest rates on short-term borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, were and , respectively. Of the Company s total lines of credit, billion supported the combined U.S. and European commercial paper borrowing programs, against which there was billion of commercial paper outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company s credit facilities and certain debentures require the Company to comply with specified financial and non-financial covenants including maintenance of minimum tangible net worth as well as limitations related to incurring liens, secured debt, and certain other financing arrangements. The Company is in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company had outstanding standby letters of credit and surety bonds at December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaling billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 The Company has accounts receivable securitization programs (the Programs ). The Programs provide the Company with up to billion in funding resulting from the sale of accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2022, the Company utilized billion of its facility under the Programs (see Note 19 for more information on the Programs). 

Note 11. 
 
 to , and expire after the date of grant. 
 
 The fair value of each option grant is estimated as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes single option pricing model. The volatility assumption used in the Black-Scholes single option pricing model is based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock. The volatility of the Company s stock was calculated based upon the monthly closing price of the Company s stock for the period immediately prior to the date of grant corresponding to the average expected life of the grant. The average expected life represents the period of time that option grants are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free rate is based on the rate of U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the expected life of option grants. No options were granted in 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

76 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 11. Stock Compensation (Continued) 

 Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Shares under option at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted-average remaining contractual term of options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022, is years and years, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022, is million and million, respectively. The total intrinsic values of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, were million, million, and million, respectively. Cash proceeds received from options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense related to option grants to be recognized as compensation expense during the next year was immaterial. 
 
 The Company s 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan provides for the granting of restricted stock and restricted stock units (Restricted Stock Awards) at no cost to certain officers and key employees. In addition, the Company s 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan also provides for the granting of performance stock units (PSUs) at no cost to certain officers and key employees. Restricted Stock Awards are made in common stock or stock units with equivalent rights and vest at the end of a restriction period of . In 2022, the awards for PSUs are made in common stock units and vest at the end of a vesting period of subject to the attainment of certain future service and performance criteria based on the Company s adjusted return on invested capital (ROIC) and adjusted earnings per share (EPS) with a modifier for gender parity and greenhouse gas emissions. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, million, million, and million common stock or stock units, respectively, were granted as Restricted Stock Awards and PSUs. At December 31, 2022, there were million shares available for future grants pursuant to the 2020 plan. 
 
 The fair value of Restricted Stock Awards is determined based on the market value of the Company s shares on the grant date. In 2022, the fair value of PSUs issued was based on the weighted-average values of adjusted ROIC and adjusted EPS determined based on the market value of the Company s shares on the grant date. In 2021 and 2020, the fair value of PSUs issued was based on the weighted-average values of adjusted ROIC and compound average growth rate of Nutrition s segment operating profit determined based on the market value of the Company s shares on the grant date. The weighted-average grant-date fair values of awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were , , and , respectively. 

77 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 11. Stock Compensation (Continued) 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to Restricted Stock Awards and PSUs. Amounts to be recognized as compensation expense during the next are million, million, and million, respectively. The total grant-date fair value of Restricted Stock Awards that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. 
 
 Compensation expense for option grants, Restricted Stock Awards, and PSUs granted to employees is generally recognized on a straight-line basis during the service period of the respective grant. Certain of the Company s option grants, Restricted Stock Awards, and PSUs continue to vest upon the recipient s retirement from the Company and compensation expense related to option grants and Restricted Stock Awards granted to retirement-eligible employees is recognized in earnings on the date of grant. Compensation expense for PSUs is based on the probability of meeting the performance criteria. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. 
 
 Total compensation expense for option grants, Restricted Stock Awards, and PSUs recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. Changes in incentive compensation expense are primarily caused by the level of attainment of the PSU performance criteria described above. 

Note 12. ) ) Pension settlement Other net ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Individually significant items included in the table above are: 
 
 Gains on sale of assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of gains on sales of certain assets and disposals of individually insignificant assets in the ordinary course of business. Gains on sale of assets for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of gains on the sale of the Company s ethanol production complex in Peoria, Illinois of million, the sale of certain other assets, and disposals of individually insignificant assets in the ordinary course of business. Gains on sale of assets for the year ended December 31, 2020 included a gain on the sale of a portion of the Company s shares in Wilmar and net gains on the sale of certain other assets and disposals of individually insignificant assets in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 78 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 12. Other (Income) Expense Net (Continued) 

 million, net foreign exchange gains of million, a million one-time payment from the USDA Biofuel Producer Recovery Program, and the non-service components of net pension benefit income of million, partially offset by other net expense. Other - net for the year ended December 31, 2021 included the non-service components of net pension benefit income of million, net foreign exchange gains of million, and other income. Other - net for the year ended December 31, 2020 included the non-service components of net pension benefit income of million, foreign exchange gains, and other income. 

Note 13. 
 
 Foreign 
 
 ) State Foreign Deferred Federal ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) 

79 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 13. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 Intangibles Right of use assets Equity in earnings of affiliates Inventory reserves Debt exchange Reserves and other accruals Other Deferred tax assets Pension and postretirement benefits Lease liabilities Stock compensation Foreign tax loss carryforwards Capital loss carryforwards State tax attributes Reserves and other accruals Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred tax assets Net deferred tax liabilities The net deferred tax liabilities are classified as follows: Noncurrent assets Noncurrent assets (foreign) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) Noncurrent liabilities (foreign) ) ) ) ) 

80 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 13. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
 ) Foreign earnings taxed at rates other than the U.S. statutory rate 
 ) ) ) Foreign currency effects/remeasurement ) Income tax adjustment to filed returns ) ) Tax benefit on U.S. biodiesel credits ) ) ) Tax benefit on U.S. railroad credits ) ) ) U.S. tax on foreign earnings Valuation allowances Other ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 
 The effective tax rate for 2022 was impacted by the geographic mix of earnings and discrete tax items. The effective tax rates for 2021 and 2020 were impacted by the geographic mix of earnings and U.S. tax credits, including the biodiesel tax credit and the railroad maintenance tax credit. 
 ADM s operations in foreign jurisdictions accounted for , , and of the Company s total pre-tax earnings in fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The foreign rate differential was primarily due to lower tax rates applicable to the income earned from the Company s operations in Switzerland, Asia, and the Caribbean. 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 Inflation Act ), which includes, among other provisions, changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system, including a minimum tax based on adjusted financial statement income, and a one percent excise tax on net repurchases of stock for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. While the Inflation Act has no immediate impact and is not expected to have a material adverse effect on ADM s results of operations going forward, the Company will continue to evaluate its impact as further information becomes available. 
 Undistributed earnings of the Company s foreign subsidiaries and corporate joint ventures were approximately billion at December 31, 2022. Because these undistributed earnings continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations, no income taxes, other than the transition tax, the U.S. tax on undistributed Subpart F, and the minimum tax on Global Intangible Low Taxed Income (GILTI), have been provided after the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Act was enacted on December 22, 2017. It is not practicable to determine the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries and corporate joint ventures not subject to the transition tax. 
 The Company has elected to pay the one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings over eight years. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s remaining transition tax liability was million, which will be paid in installments through 2025. 
 The Company incurred U.S. taxable income of million, million, and million related to GILTI and deducted million, million, and million related to FDII in fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. The Company made an accounting policy election to treat GILTI as a period cost. The Company has recorded and will continue to record the impact of tax reform items as U.S. tax authorities issue Treasury Regulations and other guidance addressing tax reform-related changes. The additional guidance, along with the potential for additional global tax legislation changes, may affect significant deductions and income inclusions and could have a material adverse effect on the Company s net income or cash flow. 
 
 81 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 13. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 million and million of tax assets related to net operating loss carryforwards of certain international subsidiaries at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of these assets have no expiration date, and the remaining million expire at various times through fiscal 2032. The annual usage of certain of these assets is limited to a percentage of taxable income of the respective foreign subsidiary for the year. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance of million and million against these tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to the uncertainty of their realization. 
 
 The Company had million and million of tax assets related to foreign capital loss carryforwards at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance of million and million against these tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to the uncertainty of their realization. 
 
 The Company had million of tax assets related to state income tax attributes (incentive credits and net operating loss carryforwards), net of federal tax benefit, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, a majority of which will expire between 2023 and 2027. Due to the uncertainty of realization, the Company recorded a valuation allowance of million and million related to state income tax assets net of federal tax benefit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in the valuation allowance was related to the expiration of certain state income tax attributes which were fully reserved in prior years. 
 The Company remains subject to federal examination in the U.S. for the calendar tax years 2016 through 2022. 
 
 Additions related to current year s tax positions Additions related to prior years tax positions Additions (adjustments) related to acquisitions Reductions related to lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Settlements with tax authorities ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The additions and reductions in unrecognized tax benefits shown in the table included effects related to net income and shareholders equity. The changes in unrecognized tax benefits did not have a material effect on the Company s net income or cash flow. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits of million. 
 
 The Company is subject to income taxation and routine examinations in many jurisdictions around the world and frequently faces challenges regarding the amount of taxes due. These challenges include positions taken by the Company related to the timing, nature, and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various jurisdictions. In its routine evaluations of the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, the Company recognizes a liability, when necessary, for estimated potential tax owed by the Company in accordance with applicable accounting standards. Resolution of the related tax positions, through negotiations with relevant tax authorities or through litigation, may take years to complete. Therefore, it is difficult to predict the timing for resolution of tax positions and the Company cannot predict or provide assurance as to the ultimate outcome of these ongoing or future examinations. However, the Company does not anticipate that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will increase or decrease significantly in the next twelve months. Given the long periods of time involved in resolving tax positions, the Company does not expect that the recognition of unrecognized tax benefits will have a material impact on the Company s effective income tax rate in any given period. If the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits were recognized by the Company at one time, there would be a reduction of million on the tax expense for that period. 
 82 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 13. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 million in tax and up to million in interest (adjusted for variation in currency exchange rates). The Argentine tax authorities conducted a review of income and other taxes paid by large exporters and processors of cereals and other agricultural commodities resulting in allegations of income tax evasion. The Company strongly believes that it has complied with all Argentine tax laws. Currently the Company is under audit for fiscal years 2016 and 2017. While the statute of limitations has expired for tax years 2012 and 2013, the Company cannot rule out receiving additional assessments challenging transfer prices used to price grain exports for years subsequent to 2015. The Company believes that it has appropriately evaluated the transactions underlying these assessments, and has concluded, based on Argentine tax law, that its tax position is more likely than not to be sustained based upon its technical merits, and accordingly, has not recorded a tax liability for these assessments. The Company intends to vigorously defend its position against any assessments. 
 
 In 2014, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary in the Netherlands, ADM Europe B.V., received a tax assessment from the Netherlands tax authority challenging the transfer pricing aspects of a 2009 business reorganization, which involved two of its subsidiary companies in the Netherlands. As of December 31, 2022, this assessment was million in tax and million in interest (adjusted for variation in currency exchange rates). On April 23, 2020, the court issued an unfavorable ruling and in October 2020, assigned a third party expert to establish a valuation. During the second quarter of 2021, the third party expert issued a final valuation. On September 30, 2022, the court issued a ruling consistent with the valuation report, and the Dutch tax authorities have filed an appeal. ADM intends to file a cross-appeal in the first quarter of 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has accrued its best estimate of what it believes will be the likely outcome of the litigation. 

Note 14. 
 
 months to years. The renewal options are not included in the measurement of the right of use assets and lease liabilities unless the Company is reasonably certain to exercise the optional renewal periods. Certain leases also include index and non-index escalation clauses and options to purchase the leased property. Leases accounted for as finance leases were immaterial at December 31, 2022. 

83 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 14. Leases (Continued) 

Short-term lease cost Total lease cost Other information: Operating lease liability principal payments Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities December 31 2022 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases (in years) Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less interest (1) 
 ) Lease liability 
 
 (1) Calculated using the implicit rate of the lease, if available, or the incremental borrowing rate that is appropriate for the tenor and geography of the lease. 

84 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 15. 
 
 retirees and terminated vested participants from the Plans to Principal, AGL, and USL. The purchase of the group annuity contracts was funded directly by the Plans assets and reduced the Company s pension obligations by approximately billion. As a result of the transactions, the Company recognized a non-cash pretax pension settlement charge of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 On July 31, 2017, the Company announced that all participants in the Company s U.S. salaried pension plan and the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) began accruing benefits under the cash balance formula effective January 1, 2022. Benefits for participants who were accruing under the final average pay formula were frozen as of December 31, 2021, including pay and service through that date. 
 
 The Company maintains 401(k) plans covering substantially all U.S. employees. The Company contributes cash to the plans to match qualifying employee contributions, and also provides a non-matching employer contribution of of pay to eligible participants. Under an employee stock ownership component of the 401(k) plans, employees may choose to invest in the Company s stock as part of their own investment elections. Assets of the Company s 401(k) plans consist primarily of listed common stocks and pooled funds. The Company s 401(k) plans held million shares of Company common stock at December 31, 2022, with a market value of million. Cash dividends received on shares of Company common stock by these plans during the year ended December 31, 2022 were million. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Settlement charges Curtailments ) Amortization of actuarial loss Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) ) ) Net periodic defined benefit plan expense ) Defined contribution plans Total retirement plan expense ) 
 
 85 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 15. Employee Benefit Plans (Continued) 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) ) Employee contributions Curtailments ) Settlements ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Foreign currency effects ) ) Benefit obligation, ending Fair value of plan assets, beginning Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Employee contributions Settlements ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Foreign currency effects ) ) Fair value of plan assets, ending Funded status ) ) ) ) Prepaid benefit cost Accrued benefit liability current ) ) ) ) Accrued benefit liability long-term ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized in the balance sheet ) ) ) ) 
 
 In 2022, the actuarial gain in the pension plans was primarily due to increases in the global bond yields while actual return on plan assets was related to unfavorable asset performance in countries with material assets including the U.S., Canada, and Switzerland. 
 
 The Company uses the corridor approach when amortizing actuarial losses. Under the corridor approach, net unrecognized actuarial losses in excess of 10 of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market related value of plan assets are amortized over future periods. For plans with little to no active participants, the amortization period is the remaining average life expectancy of the participants. For plans with active participants, the amortization period is the remaining average service period of the active participants. The amortization periods range from to years for the Company s defined benefit pension plans and from to years for the Company s postretirement benefit plans. 
 
 Included in AOCI for pension benefits at December 31, 2022, are the following amounts that have not yet been recognized in net periodic pension cost: unrecognized prior service credit of million and unrecognized actuarial loss of million. 
 
 86 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 15. Employee Benefit Plans (Continued) 

 million and unrecognized actuarial loss of million. 

Expected return on plan assets N/A N/A Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A Interest crediting rate N/A N/A 
 
 The following table sets forth the principal assumptions used in developing the year-end actuarial present value of the projected benefit obligations: 
 
 Pension Benefits Postretirement Benefits December 31 2022 December 31 2021 December 31 2022 December 31 2021 Discount rate Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A Interest crediting rate N/A N/A 
 
 The projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation, and fair value of plan assets for the pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were billion, billion, and billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and billion, billion, and billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. The projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation, and fair value of plan assets for the pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were billion, billion, and billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and billion, billion, and billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. The accumulated benefit obligation for all pension plans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 For postretirement benefit measurement purposes, a annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits was assumed for the year ended December 31, 2022. The rate was assumed to decrease gradually to by and remain at that level thereafter. 
 
 Plan Assets 
 
 The Company s employee benefit plan assets are principally comprised of the following types of investments: 
 
 Common stock: 
 Equity securities are valued based on quoted exchange prices and are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 
 Mutual funds: 
 Mutual funds are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which they are traded and are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. 

87 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 15. Employee Benefit Plans (Continued) 

 Mutual funds Corporate bonds U.S. Treasury instruments 
 U.S. government agency, state and local government bonds 
 Other Total assets Common collective trust funds at NAV U.S. equity International equity Fixed income Other Total assets at fair value 
 
 88 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 15. Employee Benefit Plans (Continued) 

 Mutual funds Corporate bonds U.S. Treasury instruments U.S. government agency, state and local government bonds 
 Other Total assets Common collective trust funds at NAV U.S. equity International equity Fixed income Other Total assets at fair value 
 
 Level 3 Gains and Losses: 
 There are no Plan assets classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy; therefore there are no gains or losses associated with Level 3 assets. 
 
 Debt securities Other Total 
 
 (1) The Company s U.S. pension plans contain approximately of the Company s global pension plan assets. The actual asset allocation for the Company s U.S. pension plans as of the measurement date consists of equity securities and debt securities. The target asset allocation for the Company s U.S. pension plans is approximately the same as the actual asset allocation. The actual asset allocation for the Company s foreign pension plans as of the measurement date consists of equity securities, debt securities, and other. The target asset allocation for the Company s foreign pension plans is approximately the same as the actual asset allocation. 

89 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 15. Employee Benefit Plans (Continued) 

 million to the pension plans and million to the postretirement benefit plan during 2023. The Company may elect to make additional discretionary contributions during this period. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 

Note 16. 
 
 shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock, each with par value. preferred stock has been issued. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately million shares and million shares, respectively, of its common shares in treasury. Treasury stock of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is recorded at cost as a reduction of common stock, and treasury stock of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is recorded at cost as a reduction of retained earnings. 
 90 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 16. Shareholders Equity (Continued) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications ) ) Gain (loss) on net investment hedges Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Tax effect ) ) ) Net of tax amount ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications ) ) ) Gain (loss) on net investment hedges Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Tax effect ) ) ) Net of tax amount ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 
 The change in foreign currency translation adjustment in 2022 is due to the U.S. dollar appreciation impacting the equity value of the Company s foreign subsidiaries, partially offset by net investment hedges as discussed in Note 5, while the change in foreign currency translation adjustment in 2021 is primarily due to net investment hedges. 
 
 91 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 16. Shareholders Equity (Continued) Revenues ) ) ) Cost of products sold Interest expense Other (income) expense - net ) ) Earnings before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) Net earnings Pension liability adjustment Amortization of defined benefit pension items: Prior service losses (credit) ) ) ) Other (income) expense - net Actuarial losses Other (income) expense - net Earnings before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense ) Net earnings 

Note 17. 
 
 reportable business segments: Ag Services and Oilseeds, Carbohydrate Solutions, and Nutrition. Each of these segments is organized based upon the nature of products and services offered. The Company s remaining operations are not reportable segments, as defined by the applicable accounting standard , and are classified as Other Business. 
 
 The Ag Services and Oilseeds segment includes global activities related to the origination, merchandising, transportation, and storage of agricultural raw materials, and the crushing and further processing of oilseeds such as soybeans and soft seeds (cottonseed, sunflower seed, canola, rapeseed, and flaxseed) into vegetable oils and protein meals. Oilseeds products produced and marketed by the segment include ingredients for food, feed, energy, and industrial customers. Crude vegetable oils produced by the segment s crushing activities are sold as is to manufacturers of renewable green diesel and other customers or are further processed by refining, blending, bleaching, and deodorizing into salad oils. Salad oils are sold as is or are further processed by hydrogenating and/or interesterifying into margarine, shortening, and other food products. Partially refined oils are used to produce biodiesel and glycols or are sold to other manufacturers for use in chemicals, paints, and other industrial products. Oilseed protein meals are principally sold to third parties to be used as ingredients in commercial livestock and poultry feeds. The Ag Services and Oilseeds segment is also a major supplier of peanuts and peanut-derived ingredients to both the U.S. and export markets. In North America, cotton cellulose pulp is manufactured and sold to the chemical, paper, and other industrial markets. The Ag Services and Oilseeds segment s grain sourcing, handling, and transportation network (including barge, ocean-going vessel, truck, rail, and container freight services) provides reliable and efficient services to the Company s customers and agricultural processing operations. The Ag Services and Oilseeds segment also includes agricultural commodity and feed product import, export, and global distribution, and structured trade finance activities. The Company engages in various structured trade finance activities to leverage its global trade flows. This segment also includes the Company s share of the results of its equity investment in Wilmar and its share of the results of its Pacificor, Stratas Foods LLC, Edible Oils Limited, Olenex, and SoyVen joint ventures. 
 
 92 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 17. Segment and Geographic Information (Continued) 

93 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 17. Segment and Geographic Information (Continued) 

 Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Other Intersegment elimination ) ) ) Total Intersegment revenues Ag Services and Oilseeds Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Total Revenues from external customers Ag Services and Oilseeds Ag Services Crushing Refined Products and Other Total Ag Services and Oilseeds Carbohydrate Solutions Starches and Sweeteners Vantage Corn Processors Total Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Human Nutrition Animal Nutrition Total Nutrition Other Total 

94 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 17. Segment and Geographic Information (Continued) 

 Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Other Corporate Total Long-lived asset impairments (1) 
 Ag Services and Oilseeds Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Corporate Total Interest and investment income Ag Services and Oilseeds Nutrition Other Corporate Total Equity in earnings of affiliates Ag Services and Oilseeds Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Corporate Total (1) See Note 18 for total asset impairment, exit, and restructuring costs. 
 
 95 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 17. Segment and Geographic Information (Continued) 

 Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Other Specified Items: Gains on sales of assets and businesses (1) 
 Impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges (2) 
 ) ) ) Total segment operating profit Corporate ) ) ) Earnings before income taxes 
 (1) The gains in 2022 were related to the sale of certain assets. The gains in 2021 were related to the sale of ethanol and certain other assets. The gains in 2020 were related to the sale of a portion of the Company s shares in Wilmar and certain other assets. 
 
 (2) The charges in 2022 were related to the impairment of certain assets, restructuring, and settlement contingencies. The charges in 2021 were related to the impairment of certain long-lived assets, goodwill, and other intangibles, restructuring, and a legal settlement. The charges in 2020 were related to the impairment of certain assets, restructuring, and settlement. 
 
 96 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 17. Segment and Geographic Information (Continued) 

 Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Corporate Total Identifiable assets Ag Services and Oilseeds Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Other Corporate Total (In millions) Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 Gross additions to property, plant, and equipment Ag Services and Oilseeds Carbohydrate Solutions Nutrition Other Corporate Total 

97 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 17. Segment and Geographic Information (Continued) 

 Switzerland Cayman Islands Brazil Mexico Canada United Kingdom Other Foreign 
 (In millions) December 31 2022 2021 Long-lived assets United States Brazil Other Foreign 

Note 18. 
 
 Impairment charge - goodwill and other intangible assets (2) 
 Impairment charge - other long-lived assets (3) 
 Total asset impairment, exit, and restructuring costs 

98 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 18. Asset Impairment, Exit, and Restructuring Costs (Continued) 

 million presented as specified items within segment operating profit and restructuring charges of million in Corporate. Restructuring and exit costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of several individually insignificant restructuring charges totaling million presented as specified items within segment operating profit and million in Corporate. Restructuring and exit costs for the year ended December 31, 2020 consisted of several individually insignificant restructuring charges totaling million presented as specified items within segment operating profit and million in Corporate. 
 
 (2) Impairment charge - goodwill and other intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of customer list impairment of million in Nutrition presented as specified items within segment operating profit. Impairment charge - goodwill and other intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of goodwill impairment of million and land rights impairment of million in Ag Services and Oilseeds, and goodwill impairment of million and customer list impairment of million in Nutrition, presented as specified items within segment operating profit. Impairment charge - goodwill and other intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2020 consisted of other intangible asset impairments presented as specified items within segment operating profit. 
 
 (3) Impairment charge - other long-lived assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of impairments related to certain long-lived assets in Carbohydrate Solutions and Nutrition of million and million, respectively, presented as specified items within segment operating profit. Impairment charge - other long-lived assets for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of impairments related to certain long-lived assets in Ag Services and Oilseeds, Carbohydrate Solutions, and Nutrition of million, million, and million, respectively, presented as specified items within segment operating profit. Impairment charge - other long-lived assets for the year ended December 31, 2020 consisted of impairments related to certain long-lived assets in Ag Services and Oilseeds and Nutrition of million and million, respectively, presented as specified items within segment operating profit, and million of impairments related to certain assets in Corporate. 

Note 19. Sale of Accounts Receivable 
 
 billion for the accounts receivable transferred. The First Program terminates on May 18, 2023, unless extended. 
 
 The Company also has an accounts receivable securitization program (the Second Program with certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers (collectively, the Second Purchasers ). Under the Second Program, certain non-U.S.-originated trade accounts receivable are sold to a wholly-owned bankruptcy-remote entity, ADM Ireland Receivables Company (ADM Ireland Receivables). Prior to April 1, 2020, ADM Ireland Receivables transferred such purchased accounts receivable in their entirety to the Second Purchasers pursuant to a receivables purchase agreement. In exchange for the transfer of the accounts receivable, ADM Ireland Receivables received a cash payment up to a certain amount and an additional amount upon the collection of the accounts receivable (deferred consideration). On April 1, 2020, the Company restructured the Second Program from a deferred purchase price to a pledge structure. Under the new structure, ADM Ireland Receivables transfers certain of the purchased accounts receivable to each of the Second Purchasers together with a security interest in all of its right, title, and interest in the remaining purchased accounts receivable. In exchange, ADM Ireland Receivables receives a cash payment of up to billion billion) for the accounts receivables transferred. The Second Program terminates on March 16, 2023, unless extended. 
 99 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 19. Sale of Accounts Receivable (Continued) 

 billion and billion, respectively. Total receivables sold were billion, billion, and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Cash collections from customers on receivables sold were billion, billion, and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Of the 2020 amount, billion was cash collections on the deferred consideration reflected as cash inflows from investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2020. Receivables pledged as collateral to the Purchasers were billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Transfers of receivables under the Programs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 resulted in an expense for the loss on sale of million, million, and million, respectively, which is classified as selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 
 In accordance with the amended guidance of Topic 230, the Company reflects cash flows related to the deferred receivables consideration as investing activities in its consolidated statements of cash flows. All other cash flows are classified as operating activities because the cash received from the Purchasers upon both the sale and collection of the receivables is not subject to significant interest rate risk given the short-term nature of the Company s trade receivables. 

Note 20. 

100 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 Note 20. Legal Proceedings (Continued) 

101 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, and shareholders equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated February 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

102 

Market or Fair Values of Certain Merchandisable Agricultural Commodity Inventories, Inventory-Related Payables, and Forward Commodity Purchase and Sales Contracts Description of the Matter As explained in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, certain merchandisable agricultural commodity inventory and inventory-related payables are stated at market or fair value. Forward commodity purchase and sales contracts that qualify as derivative contracts are also stated at market or fair value. The merchandisable agricultural commodity inventory, inventory-related payables, and forward commodity purchase and sales contracts are considered level 2 and 3 fair value instruments. As of December 31, 2022, the market or fair values of certain merchandisable agricultural commodity inventories, inventory-related payables, forward commodity contracts in an asset position, and forward commodity contracts in a liability position were 9,041 million, 1,270 million, 1,337 million, and 1,268 million, respectively. Auditing the estimated market or fair values of merchandisable agricultural commodity inventories, inventory-related payables, and forward commodity purchase and sale contracts is complex due to the judgment involved in determining market or fair value, specifically related to determining the estimated basis adjustments, which represent the adjustment made to exchange quoted prices to arrive at the market or fair values of certain merchandisable agricultural commodity inventories, inventory-related payables, and forward commodity purchase and sales contracts. The basis adjustments are generally determined using inputs from competitor or broker quotations or market transactions and are impacted by specific local supply and demand characteristics at each facility and the overall market. Factors such as substitute products, weather, fuel costs, contract terms, and futures prices also impact these basis adjustments. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s determination of the estimated market or fair values of certain merchandisable agricultural commodity inventories, inventory-related payables, and forward commodity purchase and sale contracts. Our tests included controls over the estimation process supporting the basis adjustments. To test the estimated market or fair values of certain merchandisable agricultural commodity inventories, inventory-related payables, and forward commodity purchase and sale contracts, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating (i) the Company s selection of the principal market, (ii) the inputs for the basis adjustments, and (iii) the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the basis adjustments. For example, we evaluated management s methodology for determining the basis adjustment including assessing the principal market identified and sources utilized by management to support the basis adjustment. Specifically, we compared the basis adjustments used by management to competitor and broker quotations, trade publications, and/or recently executed transactions. Further, we investigated, to the extent necessary, basis adjustments that were inconsistent with third party available information. Finally, we evaluated the adequacy of the Company s financial statement disclosures related to the estimated market or fair values of certain merchandisable agricultural inventories, inventory-related payables, and forward commodity purchase and sale contracts. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1930. 

February 14, 2023 

103 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Archer-Daniels-Midland Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, and shareholders equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2), and our report dated February 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

February 14, 2023 
 104 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )). Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 During 2018, the Company launched an initiative called Readiness to drive new efficiencies and improve the customer experience in the Company s existing businesses through a combination of data analytics, process simplification and standardization, and behavioral and cultural change, building upon its earlier 1ADM and operational excellence programs. As part of this transformation, the Company is implementing a new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system on a worldwide basis, which is expected to occur in phases over the next several years. During 2022, there were no deployments of the ERP system. The Company continues to consider changes in its design of and testing for effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting and concluded, as part of the evaluation described in the above paragraph, that the implementation of the new ERP system has not materially affected its internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Archer-Daniels-Midland Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). The Company s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company s management assessed the design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. That report is included herein. 
 
 /s/ Juan R. Luciano Juan R. Luciano Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President /s/ Vikram Luthar Vikram Luthar Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

105 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information with respect to directors, code of conduct, audit committee and audit committee financial experts of the Company, and Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance is set forth in Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors for a One-Year Term, Code of Conduct, Information Concerning Committees and Meetings Audit Committee, Report of the Audit Committee, and Director Evaluations; Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, of the definitive proxy statement for the Company s annual meeting of stockholders to be filed on or before May 1, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Officers of the Company are elected by the Board of Directors for terms of one year and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 
 
 Information with respect to executive officers and certain significant employees of the Company is set forth below. Except as otherwise indicated, all positions are with the Company. 
 
 Name Titles Age Ronald S. Bandler Vice President and Treasurer since May 2022. Assistant Treasurer from January 1998 to May 2022. 62 Benjamin I. Bard Vice President and Chief Audit Executive since June 2021. Global Chief Compliance Officer since January 2014. 49 Camille Batiste Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain and Procurement since May 2021. President, Global Supply Chain from January 2020 to May 2021. President, Nutrition Optimization from June 2019 to May 2021. Vice President, Global Procurement from March 2017 to June 2019. Vice President, Sourcing Operations Compliance at Honeywell Aerospace from March 2015 to March 2017. 51 Veronica L. Braker Senior Vice President, Global Operations since April 2019. Executive Champion of Global Safety since January 2020. Vice President of Operations - Performance Materials at BASF from April 2017 to March 2019. Head of Operations for North America - Performance Materials at BASF from January 2014 to April 2017. 55 Christopher M. Cuddy Senior Vice President of the Company since May 2015. President, Carbohydrate Solutions business unit since March 2015. 49 Pierre-Christophe Duprat President, Biosolutions and International Corn since August 2022. President, Animal Nutrition from August 2018 to August 2022. President, ADM Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) from June 2016 to August 2018. President, ADM Corn EMEA and Asia from November 2015 to August 2022. 55 D. Cameron Findlay Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary since July 2013. 63 Kristy Folkwein Senior Vice President of the Company since March 2018. Chief Technology Officer since January 2020. Chief Information Officer from March 2018 to January 2020. Vice President and Chief Information Officer from June 2016 to March 2018. 60 Molly Strader Fruit Vice President, Corporate Controller since March 2021. Vice President, Global Financial Services from May 2019 to March 2021. Controller, Carbohydrate Solutions from August 2018 to May 2019. Vice President, Global Credit from April 2016 to June 2019. Controller, Americas for Agricultural Services from June 2015 to August 2018. 44 Leticia Goncalves President, Global Foods since March 2021. President, Global Specialty Ingredients from January 2020 to March 2021. Senior Vice President and U.S. Division Head at Bayer from September 2018 to January 2020. President, Europe and Middle East at Monsanto from August 2014 to August 2018. 48 Domingo Lastra President, South America since July 2017. Vice President, Integration and Strategy from March 2016 to July 2017. 54 Juan R. Luciano Chairman of the Board of Directors since January 2016. Chief Executive Officer and President since January 2015. 61 
 106 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (Continued) 

 Vikram Luthar Senior Vice President of the Company since March 2015. Chief Financial Officer since April 2022. Head of Investor Relations from June 2021 to July 2022. Chief Financial Officer, Nutrition from January 2020 to April 2022. President, Health Wellness from March 2018 to January 2020. President, Bioactives from February 2017 to March 2018. President, Enzymes from December 2015 to February 2017. CFO, Corn Processing business unit from March 2014 to February 2017. 56 Vincent F. Macciocchi Senior Vice President of the Company and President, Nutrition business unit since May 2015. Chief Sales and Marketing Officer since January 2020. 57 Gregory A. Morris Senior Vice President of the Company since November 2014. President, Ag Services Oilseeds business unit since July 2019. President, Global Oilseeds Processing business unit from May 2015 to June 2019. 51 Ian Pinner Senior Vice President of the Company since January 2020. Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer since January 2020. President, Health and Wellness from January 2020 to March 2021. Vice President, Growth and Strategy from August 2018 to January 2020. Chief Growth Officer from July 2017 to August 2018. President, Southeast Asia and Global Destination Marketing from December 2015 to July 2017. 50 Ismael Roig Senior Vice President of the Company since December 2015. President, Animal Nutrition since August 2022. President, ADM Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) since August 2018. Chief Strategy Officer from December 2015 to August 2018. Chief Sustainability Officer from May 2015 to March 2017. 55 John P. Stott President, ADM Investor Services, Inc. since July 2022. Group Vice President, Finance, Corporate Treasurer, and CFO, Global Technology from March 2021 to May 2022. Group Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller from August 2014 to March 2021. 55 Joseph D. Taets Senior Vice President of the Company since August 2011. President, Asia Pacific since May 2021. Executive Champion for Quality and Food Safety from January 2020 to May 2021. President, Global Business Readiness from March 2018 to May 2021. President, Agricultural business unit from August 2011 to March 2018. 57 Thuy-Nga T. Vo Chief Counsel, Corporate, Securities, and Mergers and Acquisitions and Assistant Secretary since January 2017. Chief Counsel, Mergers and Acquisitions from May 2013 to January 2017. 58 Jennifer L. Weber Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since August 2020. Executive Vice President - Human Resources at Lowe s Companies, Inc. from March 2016 to April 2020. 56 Todd Werpy Senior Vice President and Chief Science Officer since January 2020. Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer from March 2015 to January 2020. 60 

107 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information responsive to this Item is set forth in Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation, and Director Compensation of the definitive proxy statement for the Company s annual meeting of stockholders to be filed on or before May 1, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information responsive to this Item is set forth in Principal Holders of Voting Securities, Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors for a One-Year Term, Executive Officer Stock Ownership, and Equity Compensation Plan Information at December 31, 2022 of the definitive proxy statement for the Company s annual meeting of stockholders to be filed on or before May 1, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information responsive to this Item is set forth in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Review and Approval of Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Independence of Directors of the definitive proxy statement for the Company s annual meeting of stockholders to be filed on or before May 1, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information responsive to this Item is set forth in Fees Paid to Independent Auditors and Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies of the definitive proxy statement for the Company s annual meeting of stockholders to be filed on or before May 1, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 108 

PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, for a list of financial statements. 
 (a)(2) Financial statement schedules ) December 31, 2021 ) December 31, 2022 ) Beginning of End of (In millions) Year Balance Additions Deductions Other Year Balance Income tax valuation allowance December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 ) December 31, 2022 ) (1) Uncollectible accounts written off 
 (2) Impact of reclassifications, foreign exchange translation, and other adjustments 

All other schedules are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included. 
 (a)(3) List of exhibits 
 
 (3i) Composite Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (3)(i) to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2001). 
 
 (3ii) Bylaws, as amended through November 2, 2022. 
 
 109 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (Continued) 

 (4) Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including: 
 
 (i) Description of Securities of Registrant 
 
 (ii) Indenture, dated as of June 1, 1986, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (successor to JPMorgan Chase, The Chase Manhattan Bank, Chemical Bank, and Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-6721)), as amended and supplemented by Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1989, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (successor to JPMorgan Chase, The Chase Manhattan Bank, Chemical Bank and Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(c) to Post Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 33-6721)), relating to: 
 
 the 350,000,000 7 1/2 Debentures due March 15, 2027, 
 the 200,000,000 6 3/4 Debentures due December 15, 2027, 
 the 300,000,000 6 5/8 Debentures due May 1, 2029, 
 the 400,000,000 7 Debentures due February 1, 2031, 
 the 500,000,000 5.935 Debentures due October 1, 2032, 
 the 600,000,000 5.375 Debentures due September 15, 2035, and 
 the 250,000,000 6.95 Debentures due December 15, 2097. 
 
 (iii) Indenture, dated as of September 20, 2006, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 ), as amended and supplemented by First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 3, 2008, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2008) , Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 29, 2010, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2010) , and Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 4, 2011, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2011), relating to: 
 
 the 500,000,000 6.45 Debentures due January 15, 2038, 
 the 1,000,000,000 5.765 Debentures due March 1, 2041, and 
 the 527,688,000 4.535 Debentures due March 26, 2042. 
 
 (iv) Indenture, dated as of October 16, 2012, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2012), relating to: 
 
 the 570,425,000 4.016 Debentures due April 16, 2043, 
 the 600,000,000 1.750 Notes due June 23, 2023, 
 the 1,000,000,000 2.500 Notes due August 11, 2026, 
 the 500,000,000 3.750 Notes due September 15, 2047, 
 the 650,000,000 1.00 Notes due September 12, 2025, 
 the 400,000,000 3.375 Notes due March 15, 2022, 
 the 600,000,000 4.500 Notes due March 15, 2049, 
 the 1,000,000,000 3.250 Notes due March 27, 2030, 
 the 750,000,000 3.250 Notes due September 15, 2051, and 
 the 750,000,000 2.900 Notes due March 1, 2032 

110 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (Continued) 

 (v) Copies of constituent instruments defining rights of holders of long-term debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than the indentures specified herein, are not filed herewith, pursuant to Instruction (b)(4)(iii)(A) to Item 601 of Regulation S-K, because the total amount of securities authorized under any such instrument does not exceed 10 of the total assets of the Company and Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The Company hereby agrees that it will, upon request by the SEC, furnish to the SEC a copy of each such instrument. 
 
 (10) Copies of the Company s equity compensation plans, deferred compensation plans and agreements with executive officers are incorporated herein by reference pursuant to Instruction (b)(10)(iii)(A) to Item 601 of Regulation S-K, each of which is a management contract or compensation plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K, as follows: 
 
 (i) The Archer-Daniels-Midland Company Deferred Compensation Plan for Selected Management Employees I, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2010). 
 
 (ii) The Archer-Daniels-Midland Company Deferred Compensation Plan for Selected Management Employees II, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ii) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013). 
 
 (iii) The Archer-Daniels-Midland Company Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(vi) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2010). 
 
 (iv) Second Amendment to ADM Supplemental Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2010). 
 
 (v) The Archer-Daniels-Midland Company Amended and Restated Stock Unit Plan for Nonemployee Directors, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(v) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016). 
 
 (vi) The Archer-Daniels-Midland 2002 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on September 25, 2002). 
 
 (vii) Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2002 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2005). 
 
 (viii) Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Company s 2002 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2005). 
 
 (ix) Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Company s 2002 Incentive Compensative Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(xii) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2010). 
 
 (x) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Company s 2002 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(xiii) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2010). 
 
 (xi) The Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on September 25, 2009) . 
 
 (xii) Form of Stock Option Agreement for U.S. Employees under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013). 
 111 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (Continued) 

(xiii) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for U.S. Employees under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ii) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013). 
 
 (xiv) Form of Stock Option Agreement for Named Executive Officers under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013). 
 
 (xv) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Named Executive Officers under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iv) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013). 
 
 (xvi) Form of Stock Option Agreement for International Employees under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(v) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013). 
 
 (xvii) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for International Employees under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(vi) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013). 
 
 (xviii) Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(vii) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013). 
 
 (xix) Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan for grant to J. Luciano (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2011). 
 
 (xx) Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for Executive Officers under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016). 
 
 (xxi) Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for U.S. Employees under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016). 
 
 (xxii) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016) . 
 
 (xxiii) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for U.S. Employees under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016). 
 
 (xxiv) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017). 
 
 (xxv) Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017). 
 
 (xxvi) ADM Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on May 15, 2018). 
 
 112 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (Continued) 

 (xxvii) Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex B to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 25, 2020). 
 
 (xxviii) Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Company s 2020 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020) . 
 
 (xxix) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Company s 2020 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020) . 
 
 (xxx) Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Company s 2020 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022) . 
 
 (xxxi) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Company s 2020 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022) . 
 
 (21) Subsidiaries of the Company . 
 
 (23) Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 (24) Powers of Attorney. 
 
 (31.1) Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) and Rule 15d 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (31.2) Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) and Rule 15d 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (32.1) Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 (32.2) Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 (101) Interactive Data File. 
 
 (104) Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 101). 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 113 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: February 14, 2023 
 
 ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 By: /s/ D. C. Findlay 
 D. C. Findlay 
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on February 14, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated. 
 
 /s/ J. R. Luciano /s/ D. E. Felsinger /s/ D. C. Findlay J. R. Luciano, D. E. Felsinger , D. C. Findlay Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director Attorney-in-Fact President, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ S. F. Harrison S. F. Harrison , /s/ V. Luthar Director V. Luthar Senior Vice President and /s/ P. J. Moore Chief Financial Officer P. J. Moore , (Principal Financial Officer) Director /s/ M. S. Fruit /s/ F. J. Sanchez M. S. Fruit F. J. Sanchez , Vice President, Corporate Controller Director (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ D. A. Sandler /s/ M.S. Burke D. A. Sandler , M. S. Burke , Director Director /s/ L. Z. Schlitz /s/ T. Colbert L. Z. Schlitz , T. Colbert , Director Director /s/ K. R. Westbrook /s/ J. C. Collins, Jr. K. R. Westbrook , J. C. Collins, Jr. , Director Director /s/ T. K. Crews T. K. Crews , Director 
 
 Powers of Attorney authorizing V. Luthar, M.S. Fruit, and D. C. Findlay, and each of them, to sign the Form 10-K on behalf of the above-named officers and directors of the Company, copies of which are being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 114 

<EX-3.II>
 2
 adm-ex3ii_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-3.II

Document 
 Exhibit 3ii 

 BYLAWS OF 
 ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 ARTICLE I. MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS. 
 
 Section 1.1. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held at such date, time, and place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated by resolution of the Board of Directors from time to time. At the annual meeting, directors shall be elected and such other business transacted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting in accordance with these bylaws. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that an annual meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). 
 
 Section 1.2. Special Meeting. 
 
 (a) Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by the Chair of the Board, the President, a majority of the Board of Directors, or a majority of the Executive Committee, and shall be called by the Secretary upon the request, in writing, of one or more stockholders owning not less than ten percent (10 aggregate net long position of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at such meeting (the Requisite Percentage for at least one (1) year prior to the date such request is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section 1.2 (such period, the One-Year Period ). For purposes of determining the Requisite Percentage, net long position shall be determined with respect to each requesting stockholder in accordance with the definition thereof set forth in Rule 14e-4 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (as so amended and inclusive of such rules and regulations, the Exchange Act provided that (x) for purposes of such definition, (A) the date that a tender offer is first publicly announced or otherwise made known by the bidder to the holders of the security to be acquired shall be the date of the relevant special meeting request, (B) the highest tender offer price or stated amount of the consideration offered for the subject security shall refer to the closing sales price of capital stock on the New York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto) on such date (or, if such date is not a trading day, the next succeeding trading day), (C) the person whose securities are the subject of the offer shall refer to the Corporation, and (D) a subject security shall refer to the outstanding capital stock and (y) the net long position of such stockholder shall be reduced by the number of shares of capital stock as to which such stockholder does not, or will not, have the right to vote or direct the vote at the stockholder requested special meeting or as to which such stockholder has, at any time during the One-Year Period, entered into any derivative or other agreement, arrangement, or understanding that hedges or transfers, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, any of the economic consequences of ownership of such shares. 
 
 (b) A stockholder request for a special meeting shall be signed, dated, and delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, shall state the purpose of the proposed meeting, and shall provide the information required by Section 1.4(c) hereof. In addition to the information required in Section 1.4(c) hereof, the stockholder request for a special meeting shall also include (i) documentary evidence that the stockholders requesting the special meeting own the Requisite Percentage as of the date on which the special meeting request is delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation provided, however , that, if the stockholders are not the beneficial owners of the shares constituting all or part of the Requisite Percentage, then, to be valid, the special meeting request must also include documentary evidence (or, if not simultaneously provided with the special meeting request, such documentary evidence (10) days after the date on which the special meeting request is delivered 

Exhibit 3ii 

 to the Secretary) that the beneficial owners on whose behalf the special meeting request is made beneficially own such shares as of the date on which such special meeting request is delivered to the Secretary, and (ii) an agreement by each of the stockholders requesting the special meeting and each beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the special meeting request is being made to notify the Corporation promptly in the event of any decrease in the net long position held by such stockholder or beneficial owner following the delivery of such special meeting request and prior to the stockholder requested special meeting and an acknowledgement that any such decrease shall be deemed to be a revocation of such special meeting request by such stockholder to the extent of such reduction. Any requesting stockholder may revoke such stockholder s special meeting request at any time prior to the stockholder requested special meeting by written revocation delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation. If, at any time after sixty (60) days following the earliest dated special meeting request, the unrevoked (whether by specific written revocation or by a reduction in the net long position held by a stockholder or beneficial owner, as described above) valid special meeting requests represent in the aggregate less than the Requisite Percentage, there shall be no requirement to hold a special meeting. 
 
 (c) The Board of Directors or, in the absence of action by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board, shall have the sole power to (i) determine whether special meeting requests have met the requirements of this Section 1.2, (ii) establish the date, time, and place for any special meeting of stockholders, and (iii) set a record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting pursuant to Section 1.11 hereof provided that the Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that such meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211 of the DGCL. Following such determination, it shall be the duty of the Secretary to cause notice to be given to the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, in the manner set forth in Section 1.3 hereof, that a meeting will be held at the place, if any, time, and date and in accordance with the record date determined by the Board of Directors or the Chair of the Board. The stockholders requesting the special meeting shall not have the power to give notice of the meeting. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting of stockholders if (i) the Board of Directors calls an annual meeting of stockholders or a special meeting of stockholders at which a Similar Item (as defined in this Section 1.2(d)) is to be presented pursuant to the notice of such meeting, in either case to be held not later than sixty (60) days after the date on which valid special meeting request(s) constituting the Requisite Percentage are delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (such date of delivery being the Delivery Date (ii) the Delivery Date is during the period commencing ninety (90) days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting and ending on the earlier of (A) the date of the next annual meeting and (B) thirty (30) days after the first anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting or (iii) the special meeting request(s) (A) contain an item of business that is identical or substantially similar (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) (a Similar Item to an item of business that was presented at any meeting of stockholders held not more than one hundred and twenty (120) days before the Delivery Date (and, for purposes of this clause (iii), the election of directors shall be deemed a Similar Item with respect to all items of business involving the election or removal of directors), (B) relate to an item of business that is not a proper subject for action by the stockholders under applicable law, (C) were made in a manner that involved a violation of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act or other applicable law or would cause the Corporation to violate any law, or (D) do not comply with the provisions of this Section 1.2. 
 
 (e) If none of the stockholders who submitted a special meeting request appears or sends a qualified representative to present an item of business submitted by the stockholders for consideration at the stockholder requested special meeting, such item of business shall not be submitted to a vote of the stockholders at such stockholder requested special meeting, 
 2 

Exhibit 3ii 

 notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation or such stockholder(s). 
 
 Section 1.3. Notice of Meetings. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given in accordance with Section 232 of the DGCL, and such notice shall state the place, if any, date, and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, the notice of any meeting shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholder s mailing address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 1.4. Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals. Except as provided in Section 1.15 hereof, the following procedures shall govern all cases in which a stockholder seeks to propose business to be addressed at a meeting of stockholders or to nominate persons to stand for election as directors of the Corporation (a Stockholder Proposal ). No business shall be transacted at a meeting of stockholders except in accordance with the following procedures. Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures or the procedures set forth in Section 1.15 hereof shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation. Notwithstanding any language in these bylaws to the contrary, this Section 1.4 shall not apply to any right of holders of preferred shares of the Corporation to nominate and elect a specified number of directors in certain circumstances to the extent such procedures are set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 (a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders. 
 
 (1) A Stockholder Proposal may be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders only (i) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting delivered pursuant to Section 1.3 hereof (or any supplement thereto), (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or the Chair of the Board, or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record of the Corporation at the time the notice provided for in this Section 1.4 is delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, who is entitled to vote at the meeting, who complies with the notice procedures set forth in subparagraphs (2) and (3) of this paragraph (a) in this Section 1.4, and, if such Stockholder Proposal seeks to nominate persons to stand for election as directors of the Corporation, who complies with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (2) For a Stockholder Proposal to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 1.4, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, and the subject of the Stockholder Proposal must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action as determined by the Board of Directors. The stockholder s notice shall contain, at a minimum, the information required pursuant to Section 1.4(c). To be timely, a stockholder s notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than ninety (90) nor more than one hundred and twenty (120) days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders provided , however , that, in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within thirty (30) days before or after such anniversary date, the stockholder s notice in order to be timely must be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which notice of the date of the annual meeting was given or public disclosure of the date of the 
 3 

Exhibit 3ii 

 annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting of stockholders, or the public announcement of such an adjournment or postponement, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 
 (3) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph (a)(2) of this Section 1.4 to the contrary, in the event that the Stockholder Proposal relates to the nomination of candidates for director and the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors of the Corporation at an annual meeting is increased and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors at least one hundred (100) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by this Section 1.4 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
 
 (b) Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been described in the Corporation s notice of meeting given pursuant to Section 1.3 hereof. To the extent such business includes the election of directors, a Stockholder Proposal nominating persons to stand for election as directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders only (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or the Chair of the Board, or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time the notice provided for in this Section 1.4(b) is delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, who is entitled to vote at the special meeting, who gives timely notice in writing to the Secretary and who complies with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. The stockholder s notice shall contain, at a minimum, the information required pursuant to Section 1.4(c). To be timely, the stockholder s notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of a special meeting of stockholders, or the public announcement of such an adjournment or postponement, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 
 (c) Contents of Stockholder s Notice. Any stockholder s notice required by this Section 1.4 shall set forth the following information As to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Stockholder Proposal is made, the stockholder s notice shall set forth (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation s books, and of such beneficial owner (ii) (A) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder or such beneficial owner and any affiliates or associates of such stockholder or beneficial owner, (B) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class of capital stock of the Corporation or otherwise (a Derivative Instrument ), directly or indirectly owned beneficially by such stockholder or such beneficial owner and any affiliates or associates of such stockholder or beneficial owner and any other direct or indirect opportunity on the part of such stockholder or such beneficial owner and any affiliates or associates of such stockholder or beneficial owner to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation, (C) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which such stockholder or such beneficial owner or any affiliate or associate of such stockholder 
 4 

Exhibit 3ii 

 or beneficial owner has a right to vote any shares of any security of the Corporation, (D) any short interest of such stockholder or such beneficial owner and any affiliates or associates of such stockholder or beneficial owner in any security of the Corporation (for purposes of this provision, a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security), (E) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such stockholder or such beneficial owner and any affiliates or associates of such stockholder or beneficial owner that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (F) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such stockholder or such beneficial owner or any affiliate or associate of such stockholder or beneficial owner is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner, and (G) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) to which such stockholder or such beneficial owner or any affiliate or associate of such stockholder or beneficial owner is entitled based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments and (iii) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the stockholder meeting. 
 
 For any Stockholder Proposal that seeks to nominate persons to stand for election as directors of the Corporation, the stockholder s notice also shall include, as to the stockholder giving such notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Stockholder Proposal is made, (i) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such person or any affiliate or associate of such person and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made, (ii) a representation whether such person intends or is part of a group that intends to deliver a proxy statement and or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation s outstanding capital stock required to elect such nominees, (iii) a representation whether such person intends or is part of a group that intends to solicit the holders of shares of the Corporation s outstanding capital stock representing at least sixty-seven percent (67 of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of such nominees, (iv) a representation whether such person intends or is part of a group that intends to otherwise solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such nominees, and (v) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 For any Stockholder Proposal that seeks to nominate persons to stand for election as directors of the Corporation, the stockholder s notice also shall include, as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director 
 
 (1) (i) the name, age, business address, and residence address of such person, 
 (ii) the principal occupation and employment of such person, (iii) the written consent of such person to being named as a nominee in any proxy statement and form of proxy relating to the annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting of stockholders, as applicable, to which such Stockholder Proposal relates and to serve as a director if elected, (iv) a written statement from such person as to whether such person, if elected, intends to tender, promptly following such person s election, an irrevocable resignation effective upon such person s failure to receive the required vote for re-election as a director at the next meeting of stockholders at which such person would stand for re-election and upon acceptance of such resignation by the Board of Directors, in accordance with the Corporation s Corporate Governance Guidelines, (v) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person, and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection 
 5 

Exhibit 3ii 

 with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and 
 
 (2) a written representation and agreement from such person that such person (i) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, (ii) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding that has not been disclosed to the Corporation with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement, or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director, (iii) has read and will comply with the Corporation s code of ethics, corporate governance guidelines, stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines, and any other policies or guidelines of the Corporation applicable to directors, (iv) will make such other acknowledgments, enter into such agreements, and provide such information as the Board of Directors requires of all directors, including promptly submitting all completed and signed questionnaires required of the Corporation s directors, and (v) if elected, does not intend to resign as a director prior to the end of the full term for which he or she is standing for election. 
 
 Such notice must also include all other information required by Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. 
 
 The Corporation may require any proposed nominee for election as a director to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation. If any such information is requested by the Corporation with respect to a proposed nominee, such requested information shall, within five (5) business days after such request, be provided to the Corporation by such proposed nominee or the stockholder that delivered notice of the Stockholder Proposal seeking to nominate such proposed nominee to stand for election as a director of the Corporation. 
 
 For any Stockholder Proposal that seeks to propose matters to be considered at a stockholder meeting other than the nomination of persons to stand for election as directors of the Corporation, the stockholder s notice shall also set forth for each item of business proposed for consideration (i) a description of the item of business, (ii) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and, in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the bylaws of the Corporation, the language of the proposed amendment), (iii) the reasons for conducting such business at the stockholder meeting, and (iv) any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Stockholder Proposal is made, and (v) any other information relating to such stockholder, such beneficial owner, or the proposed business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings in connection with solicitations of proxies relating to the proposed item of business pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 A stockholder providing notice of a Stockholder Proposal to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders or a special meeting of stockholders (i) shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 1.4 shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of such meeting, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after such record date, and (ii) if such Stockholder Proposal seeks to nominate persons to stand for election as directors of the Corporation, shall further update and supplement such notice to provide evidence that the stockholder providing such notice has solicited proxies from holders representing at least sixty-seven percent (67 of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors, 
 6 

Exhibit 3ii 

 and such update and supplement shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after such stockholder files a definitive proxy statement in connection with such meeting. 
 
 (d) Only Stockholder Proposals made in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.4 shall be considered at an annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided by law, the chair of the meeting shall have the power and duty to (i) determine whether a Stockholder Proposal was made in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.4, including whether the stockholder making such Stockholder Proposal or the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Stockholder Proposal is made solicits (or is part of a group which solicits) or fails to solicit (as the case may be) proxies in support of such Stockholder Proposal in compliance with such stockholder s representation as required by paragraph (c) of this Section 1.4, and (ii) if any Stockholder Proposal is not made in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.4 or in compliance with applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 1.4 or, in the case of a Stockholder Proposal that seeks to nominate persons to stand for election as directors of the Corporation, if the solicitation in support of the nominees other than the Corporation s nominees was not conducted in compliance with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, to declare that such Stockholder Proposal shall be disregarded, in which case such Stockholder Proposal shall be disregarded and no vote shall be taken with respect to such Stockholder Proposal, notwithstanding that proxies with respect to such vote may have been received by the Corporation. If the stockholder that has given notice of a Stockholder Proposal pursuant to the procedures set forth in this Section 1.4 (or a representative of such stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders to which such notice relates to present such Stockholder Proposal, such Stockholder Proposal shall be disregarded and no vote shall be taken with respect to such Stockholder Proposal, notwithstanding that proxies with respect to such vote may have been received by the Corporation. 
 
 (e) For purposes of this Section 1.4, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14, or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.4, a stockholder also shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 1.4. Nothing in this Section 1.4 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Section 1.5. Postponement and Cancellation of Meeting. Any previously scheduled annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be postponed and any previously scheduled annual or special meeting of the stockholders called by the Chair of the Board, the President, a majority of the Board of Directors, or a majority of the Executive Committee may be canceled by resolution of the Board of Directors upon public notice given prior to the time previously scheduled for such meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Section 1.6. Quorum. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, at each meeting of stockholders, the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum, the chair of the meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner provided in Section 1.10 hereof until a quorum shall attend. Shares of the Corporation s own stock belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall 
 7 

Exhibit 3ii 

 neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes provided , however , that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation to vote stock, including but not limited to its own stock, held by it in a fiduciary capacity. The chair of the meeting shall have the power and the duty to determine whether a quorum is present at any meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Section 1.7. Officers for Meeting of Stockholders. Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chair of the Board, if any, or in his or her absence by the President, or in his or her absence by a Vice President, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chair designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of such designation by a chair chosen at the meeting by a plurality vote. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence the chair of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 
 Section 1.8. Conduct of Meetings. Every meeting of stockholders shall be presided over by the chair of the meeting selected pursuant to Section 1.7 hereof. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be determined by the chair of the meeting and announced at the meeting. The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chair of the meeting shall have the exclusive right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations, and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of the chair, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations, or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chair of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies, or such other persons as the chair of the meeting shall determine (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof and (v) limitations on or the elimination of time allotted to questions or comments by participants. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 
 Section 1.9. Voting Elections. 
 
 (a) Voting Generally Proxies. Except as otherwise provided by or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock held by such stockholder which has voting power upon the matter in question. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by filing an instrument in writing revoking the proxy or by delivering a proxy in accordance with applicable law bearing a later date to the Secretary. Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot. All elections and questions shall, unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or applicable law or pursuant to any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of stock of the Corporation which are present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon. 
 
 (b) Elections of Directors. Each director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to the director at any meeting for the election of directors at which a 
 8 

Exhibit 3ii 

 quorum is present, provided that the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast for the nominees at any meeting for the election of directors where the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected at the meeting (exclusive of nominees with respect to whom the Secretary has received a notice that such nomination has been withdrawn on or prior to the date next preceding the date that the Corporation first gives notice of the meeting to the stockholders). For purposes of this Section 1.9(b), a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a director must exceed the number of votes cast against that director. 
 
 Section 1.10. Adjournment of Meeting. Whether or not a quorum is present, any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may be adjourned solely by the chair of the meeting from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other time, date, and place. The stockholders present at a meeting shall not have authority to adjourn the meeting. Notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time, date, and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication, or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 1.3. If the time, date, and place, if any, of the adjourned meeting, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at the adjourned meeting, are not announced, displayed, or set forth as provided in the immediately-preceding sentence of this Section 1.10, then the Secretary shall give notice of the adjourned meeting not less than ten (10) days prior to the date of the adjourned meeting. Notice of the adjourned meeting also shall be given if the meeting is adjourned in a single adjournment to a date more than thirty (30) days or in successive adjournments to a date more than one hundred and twenty (120) days after the original date fixed for the meeting. 
 
 At an adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, the stockholders may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. Once a share is represented for any purpose at a meeting, it shall be present for quorum purposes for the remainder of the meeting and for any adjournment of that meeting unless a new record date is or must be set for the adjourned meeting. A new record date shall be set if the meeting is adjourned in a single adjournment or successive adjournments to a date more than one hundred and twenty (120) days after the original date fixed for the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting consistent with the new record date. 
 
 Section 1.11 Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record. 
 
 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action other than stockholder action by written consent, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date (i) in the case of determination of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders or adjournment thereof, shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the original date of such meeting, and (ii) in the case of any other lawful action other than stockholder action by written consent, shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to such other action. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors (i) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held, and (ii) the 
 9 

Exhibit 3ii 

 record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose (other than stockholder action by written consent) shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting provided , however , that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting and shall fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting if the meeting is adjourned in a single adjournment or successive adjournments to a date more than one hundred and twenty (120) days after the original date fixed for the meeting. 
 
 Section 1.12. Procedures for Stockholder Action by Consent. 
 
 (a) Request for Record Date. The record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action without a meeting shall be as fixed by the Board of Directors or as otherwise established under this Section 1.12(a). Any person seeking to have the stockholders authorize or take corporate action by consent without a meeting shall, by written notice addressed to the Secretary and delivered to the principal executive offices of the Corporation and signed by a stockholder of record, request that a record date be fixed for such purpose. The written notice shall contain at a minimum a description of the action that such stockholder proposes to take by consent, including the text of any proposal to be submitted to stockholders. The Board of Directors shall have ten (10) days following the date of receipt of the notice to determine the validity of the request. During the ten (10) day period, the Corporation may require the stockholder of record and or beneficial owner requesting a record date for proposed stockholder action by consent to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the validity of the request for a record date. Following the determination of the validity of the request, and no later than ten (10) days after the date on which such request is received by the Corporation, the Board of Directors may fix a record date for such purpose which shall be no more than ten (10) days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors and shall not precede the date such resolution is adopted. If the Board of Directors fails within ten (10) days after the date the Corporation receives such notice to fix a record date for such purpose, the record date shall be the day on which the first consent is delivered to the Corporation in the manner described in Section 1.12(c) below unless prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, in which event the record date shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action. 
 
 (b) Effectiveness of Consent. No consent purporting to take or authorize the taking of corporate action and or related revocation (each such consent and related revocation is referred to in this Section 1.12 as a Consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated Consent delivered in the manner required by this Section 1.12, Consents signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to take such action are so delivered to the Corporation. 
 
 (c) Delivery of Consent. A Consent shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware or to the Secretary at the Corporation s principal place of business. Delivery to the Corporation s registered office shall be made by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 
 
 In the event of the delivery to the Corporation of a Consent, the Secretary shall provide for the safe-keeping of such Consent and shall promptly conduct such ministerial review of the sufficiency of the Consents and of the validity of the action to be taken by stockholder consent as the Secretary deems necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation, whether the holders of a number of shares having the requisite voting power to authorize or take the action specified in the Consent have given consent provided , however , that if the corporate action to which the Consent relates is the removal or replacement of one or more members of the Board of Directors, the Secretary shall promptly designate two persons, who shall not be members of the Board of Directors, to serve as Inspectors with respect to such Consent, and such Inspectors shall 
 10 

Exhibit 3ii 

 discharge the functions of the Secretary under this Section 1.12(c). If, after such investigation, the Secretary or the Inspectors (as the case may be) shall determine that the Consent is valid and that the action therein specified has been validly authorized, that fact shall forthwith be certified on the records of the Corporation kept for the purpose of recording the proceedings of meetings of stockholders, and the Consent shall be filed in such records, at which time the Consent shall become effective as stockholder action. In conducting the investigation required by this Section 1.12(c), the Secretary or the Inspectors (as the case may be) may, at the expense of the Corporation, retain special legal counsel and any other necessary or appropriate professional advisors, and such other personnel as they may deem necessary or appropriate to assist them, and shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the opinion of such counsel or advisors. 
 
 No action by written consent without a meeting shall be effective until such date as the Secretary or the Inspectors (as the case may be) certify to the Corporation that the Consents delivered to the Corporation in accordance with this Section 1.12(c) represent at least the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to take the action. 
 
 Nothing contained in this Section 1.12(c) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Board of Directors or any stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any Consent or revocation thereof, whether before or after such certification by the Secretary or the Inspectors, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution, or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 
 
 Section 1.13. Inspectors of Election. The Corporation may, and shall if required by law, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors of election, who may be employees of the Corporation, to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof and to make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. In the event that no inspector so appointed or designated is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath to execute faithfully the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspector or inspectors so appointed or designated shall (i) ascertain the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and the voting power of each such share, (ii) determine the shares of capital stock of the Corporation represented at the meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, (iii) count all votes and ballots, (iv) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors, and (v) certify their determination of the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation represented at the meeting and such inspectors count of all votes and ballots. Such certification and report shall specify such other information as may be required by law. In determining the validity and counting of proxies and ballots cast at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, the inspectors may consider such information as is permitted by applicable law. No person who is a candidate for an office at an election may serve as an inspector at such election. 
 
 Section 1.14. List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote. The Secretary shall prepare and make, not later than the tenth (10th) day before each meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of ten (10) days ending on the day before the meeting date (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the 
 11 

Exhibit 3ii 

 corporation. Upon the willful neglect or refusal of the directors to produce such a list at any meeting for the election of directors, they shall be ineligible for election to any office at such meeting. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list of stockholders, or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Section 1.15. Proxy Access. 
 
 (a) Whenever the Board of Directors solicits proxies with respect to the election of directors at an annual meeting of stockholders, subject to the provisions of this Section 1.15, the Corporation shall include in its proxy statement for such annual meeting, in addition to any persons nominated for election by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, the name, together with the Required Information (as defined below), of any person nominated for election (the Stockholder Nominee to the Board of Directors by a stockholder or group of no more than twenty (20) stockholders that satisfies the requirements of this Section 1.15 (the Eligible Stockholder and that expressly elects at the time of providing the notice required by this Section 1.15 (the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination to have such nominee included in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 1.15. For purposes of this Section 1.15, the Required Information that the Corporation will include in its proxy statement is (i) the information provided to the Secretary concerning the Stockholder Nominee and the Eligible Stockholder that is required to be disclosed in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and (ii) if the Eligible Stockholder so elects, a Supporting Statement (as defined below). 
 
 (b) To be timely, the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination must be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than one hundred and twenty (120) days and not more than one hundred and fifty (150) days prior to the first anniversary of the date that the Corporation distributed its proxy statement to stockholders for the previous year s annual meeting of stockholders. If, however, the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within thirty (30) days before or after such anniversary date, the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination in order to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting of stockholders, or the public announcement of such an adjournment or postponement, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a Notice of Proxy Access Nomination pursuant to this Section 1.15. 
 
 (c) The maximum number of Stockholder Nominees nominated by all Eligible Stockholders that will be included in the Corporation s proxy materials with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders shall not exceed twenty percent (20 of the number of directors in office as of the last day on which a Notice of Proxy Access Nomination may be delivered pursuant to and in accordance with this Section 1.15 (the Final Proxy Access Nomination Date or, if such amount is not a whole number, the closest whole number below twenty percent (20 ). In the event that one or more vacancies for any reason occurs on the Board of Directors after the Final Proxy Access Nomination Date but before the date of the annual meeting and the Board of Directors resolves to reduce the size of the Board of Directors in connection therewith, the maximum number of Stockholder Nominees included in the Corporation s proxy materials shall be calculated based on the number of directors in office as so reduced. For purposes of determining when the maximum number of Stockholder Nominees provided for in this Section 1.15 has been reached, each of the following persons shall be counted as one of the Stockholder Nominees (i) any individual nominated by an Eligible Stockholder for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 1.15 whose nomination is subsequently withdrawn, (ii) any individual nominated by an Eligible Stockholder for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 1.15 whom the Board of Directors decides 
 12 

Exhibit 3ii 

 to nominate for election to the Board of Directors, and (iii) any director in office as of the Final Proxy Access Nomination Date who was included in the Corporation s proxy materials as a Stockholder Nominee for either of the two preceding annual meetings of stockholders (including any individual counted as a Stockholder Nominee pursuant to the immediately preceding clause (ii)) and whom the Board of Directors decides to nominate for re-election to the Board of Directors. Any Eligible Stockholder submitting more than one Stockholder Nominee for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 1.15 shall rank such Stockholder Nominees based on the order in which the Eligible Stockholder desires such Stockholder Nominees to be selected for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials in the event that the total number of Stockholder Nominees submitted by Eligible Stockholders pursuant to this Section 1.15 exceeds the maximum number of Stockholder Nominees provided for in this Section 1.15. In the event that the number of Stockholder Nominees submitted by Eligible Stockholders pursuant to this Section 1.15 exceeds the maximum number of Stockholder Nominees provided for in this Section 1.15, the highest ranking Stockholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this Section 1.15 from each Eligible Stockholder will be selected for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials until the maximum number is reached, going in order of the amount (largest to smallest) of shares of common stock of the Corporation each Eligible Stockholder disclosed as owned in its Notice of Proxy Access Nomination. If the maximum number is not reached after the highest ranking Stockholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this Section 1.15 from each Eligible Stockholder has been selected, then the next highest ranking Stockholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this Section 1.15 from each Eligible Stockholder will be selected for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials, and this process will continue as many times as necessary, following the same order each time, until the maximum number is reached. 
 
 (d) In order to make a nomination pursuant to this Section 1.15, an Eligible Stockholder must have owned (as defined below) at least three percent (3 of the Corporation s outstanding common stock (the Required Shares continuously for at least three (3) years (the Minimum Holding Period as of both the date the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation in accordance with this Section 1.15 and the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting, and must continue to own the Required Shares through the date of the annual meeting. For purposes of this Section 1.15, an Eligible Stockholder shall be deemed to own only those outstanding shares of common stock of the Corporation as to which the stockholder possesses both (i) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to the shares and (ii) the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit from and risk of loss on) such shares provided that the number of shares calculated in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) shall not include any shares (x) sold by such stockholder or any of its affiliates in any transaction that has not been settled or closed, (y) borrowed by such stockholder or any of its affiliates for any purposes or purchased by such stockholder or any of its affiliates pursuant to an agreement to resell, or (z) subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale, other derivative, or similar instrument or agreement entered into by such stockholder or any of its affiliates, whether any such instrument or agreement is to be settled with shares or with cash based on the notional amount or value of shares of outstanding common stock of the Corporation, if, in any such case, such instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, the purpose or effect of (1) reducing in any manner, to any extent, or at any time in the future such stockholder s or its affiliates full right to vote or direct the voting of any such shares and or (2) hedging, offsetting, or altering to any degree any gain or loss realized or realizable from maintaining the full economic ownership of such shares by such stockholder or affiliate. A stockholder shall own shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as the stockholder retains the right to instruct how the shares are voted with respect to the election of directors and possesses the full economic interest in the shares. A stockholder s ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which the stockholder has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney, or other instrument or arrangement which is revocable at any time by the stockholder. The terms owned, owning, and other variations 
 13 

Exhibit 3ii 

 of the word own shall have correlative meanings. Whether outstanding shares of the common stock of the Corporation are owned for these purposes shall be determined by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof. For purposes of this Section 1.15, the term affiliate or affiliates shall have the meaning ascribed thereto under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (e) To be in proper form for purposes of this Section 1.15, the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination must include or be accompanied by the following 
 
 (1) one or more written statements from the record holder of the Required Shares (and from each intermediary through which the Required Shares are or have been held during the Minimum Holding Period) verifying that, as of a date within seven (7) calendar days prior to the date the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary, the Eligible Stockholder owns, and has owned continuously for the Minimum Holding Period, the Required Shares, and the Eligible Stockholder s agreement to provide, within five (5) business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting, one or more written statements from the record holder and such intermediaries verifying the Eligible Stockholder s continuous ownership of the Required Shares through the record date 
 
 (2) a copy of the Schedule 14N that has been filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission as required by Rule 14a-18 under the Exchange Act 
 
 (3) the information and representations that would be required to be set forth in a stockholder s notice of a nomination pursuant to Section 1.4(c) of this Article I (including the written consent of each Stockholder Nominee to being named in any proxy statement and form of proxy as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected) 
 
 (4) a representation that the Eligible Stockholder (A) will continue to hold the Required Shares through the date of the annual meeting, (B) acquired the Required Shares in the ordinary course of business and not with the intent to change or influence control at the Corporation, and does not presently have such intent, (C) has not nominated and will not nominate for election to the Board of Directors at the annual meeting any person other than the Stockholder Nominee(s) it is nominating pursuant to this Section 1.15, (D) has not engaged and will not engage in, and has not and will not be a participant in another person s, solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act in support of the election of any individual as a director at the annual meeting other than its Stockholder Nominee(s) or a nominee of the Board of Directors, (E) has not distributed and will not distribute to any stockholder of the Corporation any form of proxy for the annual meeting other than the form distributed by the Corporation, (F) has complied and will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to solicitations and the use, if any, of soliciting material in connection with the annual meeting, and (G) has provided and will provide facts, statements, and other information in all communications with the Corporation and its stockholders that are or will be true and correct in all material respects and do not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make such information, in light of the circumstances under which it was or will be made or provided, not misleading 
 
 (5) a representation as to the Eligible Stockholder s intentions with respect to continuing to own the Required Shares for at least one (1) year following the annual meeting 
 
 (6) an undertaking that the Eligible Stockholder agrees to (A) assume all liability stemming from any legal or regulatory violation arising out of communications with the stockholders of the Corporation by the Eligible Stockholder, its affiliates and associates, or their respective agents and representatives, either before or after providing a Notice of Proxy Access Nomination pursuant to this Section 1.15, or out of the facts, statements, or other information that the Eligible Stockholder or its Stockholder Nominee(s) provided to the Corporation in 
 14 

Exhibit 3ii 

 connection with the inclusion of such Stockholder Nominee(s) in the Corporation s proxy materials, and (B) indemnify and hold harmless the Corporation and each of its directors, officers, and employees individually against any liability, loss, or damages in connection with any threatened or pending action, suit, or proceeding, whether legal, administrative, or investigative, against the Corporation or any of its directors, officers, or employees arising out of any nomination submitted by the Eligible Stockholder pursuant to this Section 1.15 and 
 
 (7) a written representation and agreement from each Stockholder Nominee that such Stockholder Nominee (A) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such Stockholder Nominee, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, (B) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement, or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, (C) has read and will comply with the Corporation s code of ethics, corporate governance guidelines, stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines, and any other policies or guidelines of the Corporation applicable to directors, and (D) will make such other acknowledgments, enter into such agreements, and provide such information as the Board of Directors requires of all directors, including promptly submitting all completed and signed questionnaires required of the Corporation s directors. 
 
 (f) In addition to the information required pursuant to Section 1.15(e) or any other provision of these bylaws, the Corporation also may require each Stockholder Nominee to furnish any other information (i) that may reasonably be requested by the Corporation to determine whether the Stockholder Nominee would be independent under the rules and listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto), any applicable rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board of Directors in determining and disclosing the independence of the Corporation s directors (collectively, the Independence Standards ), (ii) that could be material to a reasonable stockholder s understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such Stockholder Nominee, or (iii) that may reasonably be required to determine the eligibility of such Stockholder Nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation. 
 
 (g) The Eligible Stockholder may, at its option, provide to the Secretary, at the time the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is provided, a written statement, not to exceed 500 words, in support of the candidacy of the Stockholder Nominee(s) (a Supporting Statement ). Only one Supporting Statement may be submitted by an Eligible Stockholder (including any group of stockholders together constituting an Eligible Stockholder) in support of its Stockholder Nominee(s). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 1.15, the Corporation may omit from its proxy materials any information or Supporting Statement (or portion thereof) that it, in good faith, believes would violate any applicable law or regulation. 
 
 (h) In the event that any information or communications provided by an Eligible Stockholder or a Stockholder Nominee to the Corporation or its stockholders ceases to be true and correct in all material respects or omits a material fact necessary to make such information, in light of the circumstances under which it was made or provided, not misleading, such Eligible Stockholder or Stockholder Nominee, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the Secretary of any defect in such previously provided information and of the information that is required to correct any such defect. In addition, any person providing any information pursuant to this Section 1.15 shall further update and supplement such information, if necessary, so that all such information shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to such annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement (or a written certification that no such updates or supplements are necessary and that 
 15 

Exhibit 3ii 

 the information previously provided remains true and correct as of the applicable date) shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of such annual meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date), and not later than seven (7) business days prior to the date of the annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting). 
 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 1.15, the Corporation shall not be required to include, pursuant to this Section 1.15, a Stockholder Nominee in its proxy materials (i) for any meeting of stockholders for which the Secretary receives notice that the Eligible Stockholder or any other stockholder intends to nominate one or more persons for election to the Board of Directors pursuant to the advance notice requirements for stockholder nominees set forth in Section 1.4 of this Article I, (ii) if such Stockholder Nominee would not be an independent director under the Independence Standards, as determined by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, (iii) if such Stockholder Nominee s election as a member of the Board of Directors would cause the Corporation to be in violation of these bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation, the rules and listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto), or any applicable state or federal law, rule, or regulation, (iv) if such Stockholder Nominee is or has been, within the past three (3) years, an officer or director of a competitor, as defined in Section 8 of the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914, (v) who is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) or has been convicted in such a criminal proceeding within the past ten (10) years, (vi) if such Stockholder Nominee or the Eligible Stockholder who nominated such Stockholder Nominee provides any facts, statements or other information to the Corporation or its stockholders required or requested pursuant to this Section 1.15 that is not true and correct in all material respects or that omits a material fact necessary to make such information, in light of the circumstances in which it is made or provided, not misleading, or (vii) if such Stockholder Nominee or the Eligible Stockholder who nominated such Stockholder Nominee otherwise contravenes any of the agreements or representations made by such Stockholder Nominee or Eligible Stockholder or fails to comply with its obligations pursuant to this Section 1.15. 
 
 (j) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, if (i) a Stockholder Nominee and or the applicable Eligible Stockholder breaches any of its or their obligations, agreements, or representations under this Section 1.15 or (ii) the Stockholder Nominee otherwise becomes ineligible for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 1.15 or dies, becomes disabled, or is otherwise disqualified from being nominated for election or serving as a director of the Corporation, in each case as determined by the Board of Directors, any committee thereof, or the chair of the annual meeting, (x) the Corporation may omit or, to the extent feasible, remove the information concerning such Stockholder Nominee and the related Supporting Statement from its proxy materials and or otherwise communicate to its stockholders that such Stockholder Nominee will not be eligible for election at the annual meeting, (y) the Corporation shall not be required to include in its proxy materials any successor or replacement nominee proposed by the applicable Eligible Stockholder or any other Eligible Stockholder, and (z) the Board of Directors or the chair of the annual meeting shall declare such nomination to be invalid, such nomination shall be disregarded notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation and the named proxies will not vote any proxies received from stockholders with respect to such Stockholder Nominee. In addition, if the Eligible Stockholder (or a representative thereof) does not appear at the annual meeting to present any nomination pursuant to this Section 1.15, such nomination shall be disregarded as provided in clause (z) above. 
 
 (k) Whenever the Eligible Stockholder consists of a group of stockholders, (i) each provision in this Section 1.15 that requires the Eligible Stockholder to provide any written 
 16 

Exhibit 3ii 

 statements, representations, undertakings, agreements, or other instruments or to meet any other conditions shall be deemed to require each stockholder that is a member of such group to provide such statements, representations, undertakings, agreements, or other instruments and to meet such other conditions (except that the members of such group may aggregate their stockholdings in order to meet the three percent (3 ownership requirement of the Required Shares definition), (ii) a breach of any obligation, agreement, or representation under this Section 1.15 by any member of such group shall be deemed a breach by the Eligible Stockholder, and (iii) the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination must designate one member of the group for purposes of receiving communications, notices, and inquiries from the Corporation and otherwise authorize such member to act on behalf of all members of the group with respect to all matters relating to the nomination under this Section 1.15 (including withdrawal of the nomination). Whenever the Eligible Stockholder consists of a group of Stockholders aggregating their stockholdings in order to meet the three percent (3 ownership requirement of the Required Shares definition, (x) such ownership shall be determined by aggregating the lowest number of shares continuously owned (as defined in Section 1.15(d) hereof) by each such stockholder during the Minimum Holding Period and (y) the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination must indicate, for each such stockholder, such lowest number of shares continuously owned by such stockholder during the Minimum Holding Period. No person may be a member of more than one group of stockholders constituting an Eligible Stockholder with respect to any annual meeting. For the avoidance of doubt, a stockholder may withdraw from a group of stockholders constituting an Eligible Stockholder at any time prior to the annual meeting and if, as a result of such withdrawal, the Eligible Stockholder no longer owns the Required Shares, the nomination shall be disregarded as provided in Section 1.15(j). 
 
 (l) Any Stockholder Nominee who is included in the Corporation s proxy materials for a particular annual meeting of stockholders but either (i) withdraws from or becomes ineligible or unavailable for election at the annual meeting or (ii) does not receive at least twenty-five percent (25 of the votes cast in favor of such Stockholder Nominee s election, will be ineligible to be a Stockholder Nominee pursuant to this Section 1.15 for the next two (2) annual meetings of stockholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the immediately preceding sentence shall not prevent any stockholder from nominating any person to the Board of Directors pursuant to and in accordance with Section 1.4 of this Article I. 
 
 (m) Other than Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, this Section 1.15 provides the exclusive method for a stockholder to include nominees for election to the Board of Directors in the Corporation s proxy materials. 
 
 ARTICLE II. BOARD OF DIRECTORS. 
 
 Section 2.1. Number Qualifications. The Board of Directors shall consist of three or more members, the number thereof to be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. Directors need not be stockholders. 
 
 Section 2.2. Election Resignation Vacancies. At each annual meeting, the stockholders shall elect directors each of whom shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, subject to such director s earlier death, resignation, disqualification, or removal. Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Such resignation need not be accepted to be effective. Unless otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, any newly created directorship or any vacancy occurring on the Board of Directors for any cause may be filled solely by a majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director, and each director so elected shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director so replaced or until the director s successor is 
 17 

Exhibit 3ii 

 elected and qualified. The stockholders shall not have the power to appoint directors to any newly created directorship or vacancy. 
 
 Section 2.3. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such places within or without the State of Delaware and at such times as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. It shall not be necessary to give notice of regular meetings of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 2.4. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chair of the Board, the President, a majority of the entire Executive Committee then in office, or a majority of the entire Board of Directors then in office. Notice of a special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be given by the person or persons calling the meeting at least twenty-four (24) hours before the special meeting or such shorter period as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem necessary or appropriate in the circumstances, if such notice is given personally or by telephone or by other electronic means. Notice of a special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be given by the person or persons calling the meeting at least three (3) days before the special meeting if given by regular mail. No notice of a special meeting shall be necessary if the time and place of the special meeting was set by resolution at a validly convened meeting of the Board of Directors. The notice of a special meeting need not state the purpose or purposes of the meeting. 
 
 Section 2.5. Telephonic Meetings Permitted. Members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting thereof by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 2.5 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
 
 Section 2.6. Quorum Vote Required for Action. At all meetings of the Board of Directors a majority of the whole Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Except in cases in which the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws, or applicable law otherwise provides, the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 2.7. Officers for Board Meetings. Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be presided over by the Chair of the Board, if any, or in his or her absence by the Vice Chair of the Board, if any, or in his or her absence by the President, or in their absence by a chair chosen at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence the chair of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 
 Section 2.8. Independent Directors and Board Structure. A majority of the Board of Directors shall be comprised of independent directors. The Chief Executive Officer should be a member of the Board of Directors. In order to ensure the greatest number of independent directors on a board of manageable size, other direct management representation should be kept to a minimum and should in no event exceed two other management directors. 
 
 The Board of Directors shall make clear to Senior Management of the Corporation that board membership is neither necessary to their present positions nor a prerequisite to a higher management position in the Corporation. Attendance of management staff at Board Meetings should be at the discretion of the Chair of the Board but should be encouraged by the Board. The Board shall have full and direct access to members of Senior Management and should be encouraged to request reports directly to the Board by any member of Senior Management. Board members should use judgment in dealings with management so that they do not distract management from the business operations of the Corporation. 
 
 Conflicts of Interest. A director s personal financial or family relationships may occasionally give rise to that director s material personal interest in a particular issue. There will 
 18 

Exhibit 3ii 

 be times when a director s material personal interest in an issue will limit that director s ability to vote on that issue. The Governance Committee of the Board of Directors shall determine whether such a conflict of interest exists on a case-by-case basis, including any related determination as to materiality. The Governance Committee shall take appropriate steps to identify such potential conflicts and to ensure that a majority of the directors voting on an issue are both disinterested and independent with respect to that issue. A determination by the Governance Committee on any issue of independence or conflict of interest shall be final and not subject to review. 
 
 For purposes of this Section, an independent director means a director who (a) is neither a current employee nor a former member of Senior Management of the Corporation or an Affiliate (b) is not employed by a provider of professional services to the Corporation (c) does not have any business relationship with the Corporation, either personally or through a company of which the director is an officer or a controlling shareholder, that is material to the Corporation or to the director (d) does not have a close family relationship, by blood, marriage, or otherwise with any member of Senior Management of the Corporation or one of the Corporation s Affiliates (e) is not an officer of a company of which the Corporation s chair or chief executive officer is also a board member (f) is not personally receiving compensation from the Corporation in any capacity other than as a director (g) does not personally receive or is not an employee of a foundation, university, or other institution that receives grants or endowments from the Corporation, that are material to the Corporation or to either the recipient and or the foundation, university, or institution and (h) meets the independence requirements of the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 Senior Management includes the chief executive, chief operating, chief financial, chief legal, and chief accounting officers, president, vice president(s), treasurer, secretary, and controller of the Corporation. 
 
 Affiliate includes any person or entity which, alone or by contractual obligation, owns or has the power to vote more than twenty-five percent (25 of the equity interest in another, unless some other person or entity acting alone or with another by contractual obligation owns or has the power to vote a greater percentage of the equity interest. A subsidiary is considered an Affiliate if it is at least eighty percent (80 owned by the Corporation and accounts for at least twenty-five percent (25 of the Corporation s consolidated sales or assets. 
 
 Section 2.9. Action by Written Consent of Directors. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or such committee. 
 
 Section 2.10. Committees. The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of the committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent permitted by law and to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. 
 
 Section 2.11. Committee Rules. Unless the Board of Directors otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board of Directors may make, alter, and repeal rules for the conduct 
 19 

Exhibit 3ii 

 of its business. In the absence of such rules each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board of Directors conducts its business pursuant to Article II hereof. 
 
 Section 2.12. Executive Committee. There shall be an Executive Committee of the Board of Directors (the Executive Committee to consist of that number of directors as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The Board of Directors shall have power at any time to change the number of the Executive Committee, except that a reduction in the number of members of the Executive Committee shall not affect any currently serving member. The Board of Directors may remove any member of the Executive Committee at any time with or without cause and may fill vacancies in the Committee by election from the members of the Board of Directors. 
 
 When the Board of Directors is not in session, the Executive Committee shall have and may exercise all the power and authority of the Board of Directors in the management and direction of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and shall have power to authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. All actions of the Executive Committee shall be reported to the Board of Directors at the meeting next succeeding such action, provided , however , that such report need not be made to the Board of Directors if prior to such meeting copies of the written minutes of the meetings of the Executive Committee at which such action has been taken shall have been mailed or delivered to all members of the Board of Directors. 
 
 ARTICLE III. OFFICERS. 
 
 Section 3.1. Executive Officers Election Qualifications Term of Office Resignation Removal Vacancies. The Board of Directors shall elect a President and Secretary, and it may, if it so determines, choose a Chair of the Board and a Vice Chair of the Board from among its members. The Board of Directors may also choose one or more Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer, one or more Assistant Treasurers, and other officers. Each such officer shall hold office until the first meeting of the Board of Directors after the annual meeting of stockholders next succeeding his or her election and until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Such resignation need not be accepted to be effective. The Board of Directors may remove any officer with or without cause at any time, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights of such officer, if any, with the Corporation. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation by death, resignation, removal, or otherwise may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 3.2. Powers and Duties of Executive Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall have such powers and duties in the management of the Corporation as may be prescribed in a resolution by the Board of Directors and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the control of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may require any officer, agent, or employee to give security for the faithful performance of his or her duties. 
 
 ARTICLE IV. SHARES OF STOCK. 
 
 Section 4.1. Certificates. The shares of stock of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates provided , however , that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares of stock provided , further , any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name 
 20 

Exhibit 3ii 

 of, the Corporation by any two authorized officers of the Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any of or all the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. 
 
 Section 4.2. Lost, Stolen, or Destroyed Stock Certificates Issuance of New Certificates. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate, or his or her legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft, or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate. 
 
 ARTICLE V. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
 
 Section 5.1. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 5.2. Seal. The Board of Directors may provide for a corporate seal, in which case the corporate seal shall have the name of the Corporation inscribed thereon and shall be in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 5.3. Signature of Checks, etc. All checks and drafts on the bank accounts of the Corporation, and all bills of exchange and promissory notes, and all acceptances, obligations, and other instruments for the payment of money shall be signed by such officer or officers, or agent or agents, as shall be thereunto authorized, from time to time, by the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee. 
 
 Section 5.4. Waiver of Notice of Meetings of Stockholders, Directors, and Committees. Any written waiver of notice, signed by the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors, or members of a committee of directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice. 
 
 Section 5.5. Form of Records. Any records administered by or on behalf of the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of account, and minute books, may be kept on, or by means of, or be in the form of any information storage device, method, or one or more electronic networks or databases, provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable time and, with respect to the stock ledger, that the records so kept otherwise comply with Section 224 of the DGCL. 
 
 Section 5.6. Amendment of Bylaws. These bylaws may be altered, amended, or repealed, and new bylaws made, by the Board of Directors, but the stockholders may make additional bylaws and may alter and repeal any bylaws whether adopted by them or otherwise. 
 
 Section 5.7. Exclusive Forum. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim for breach of a duty (including any fiduciary duty) owed by any current 
 21 

Exhibit 3ii 

 or former director, officer, stockholder, employee, or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee, or agent of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these bylaws, or 
 (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee, or agent of the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware provided , however , in the event that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding shall be another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in each such case, unless the Court of Chancery (or such other state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, as applicable) has dismissed a prior action by the same plaintiff asserting the same claims because such court lacked personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party named as a defendant therein. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 ARTICLE VI. 
 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS OR OTHER PERSONS. 
 
 Section 6.1. Right to Indemnification. The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any person (a Covered Person who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (a proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another Corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise, or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys fees) reasonably incurred by such Covered Person. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in Section 6.3, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify a Covered Person in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such Covered Person only if the commencement of such proceeding (or part thereof) by the Covered Person was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 6.2. Prepayment of Expenses. The Corporation shall pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by a Covered Person in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition, provided , however , that, to the extent required by law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the Covered Person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VI or otherwise. 
 
 Section 6.3. Claims. If a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article VI is not paid in full within thirty (30) days after a written claim therefor by the Covered Person has been received by the Corporation, the Covered Person may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the Covered Person is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses under applicable law. 
 
 Section 6.4. Nonexclusivity of Rights. The rights conferred on any Covered Person by this Article VI shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such Covered Person may have or 
 22 

Exhibit 3ii 

 hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. 
 
 Section 6.5. Other Sources. The Corporation s obligation, if any, to indemnify or to advance expenses to any Covered Person who was or is serving at its request as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise, or nonprofit entity shall be reduced by any amount such Covered Person may collect as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such other Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise, or non-profit enterprise. 
 
 Section 6.6. Amendment or Repeal. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article VI shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Covered Person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 
 
 Section 6.7. The rights conferred on any Covered Person by this Article VI are contract rights, vest as of the commencement of service, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the person s heirs, executors, and administrators. 
 
 Section 6.8. Other Indemnification and Prepayment of Expenses. This Article VI shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than Covered Persons when and as authorized by appropriate corporate action. 
 
 ARTICLE VII. EMERGENCY BYLAW PROVISIONS. 
 
 Section 7.1. Emergency Provisions. Notwithstanding any different or conflicting provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws, or the DGCL, the provisions of this Article VII shall be operative only during any emergency resulting from an attack on the United States or on a locality in which the Corporation conducts its business or customarily holds meetings of the Board of Directors or the stockholders, or during any nuclear or atomic disaster, or during the existence of any catastrophe, including, but not limited to, an epidemic or pandemic, and a declaration of a national emergency by the United States government, or other similar emergency condition, and any other event or condition that constitutes an emergency under the DGCL, irrespective of whether a quorum of the Board of Directors or a standing committee of the Board of Directors can readily be convened for action. 
 
 Section 7.2. Emergency Powers. During any emergency, the Board of Directors (or, if a quorum cannot be readily convened for a meeting, a majority of the directors present) may, to the greatest extent permitted by Section 110 of the DGCL, take any action that it determines to be practical and necessary for the circumstances of such emergency, including the adoption of additional emergency bylaws. 
 
 Section 7.3. Meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees. A meeting of the Board of Directors, or a committee thereof, may be called at any time during an emergency by any officer or any director. The officer or director calling such meeting shall use reasonable efforts to give notice of any such meeting at least eight (8) hours prior to the time set for such meeting, unless such emergency requires a shorter notice period, but such notice need be given only to such of the directors as it may be reasonably practicable to reach at the time and by such means as may be reasonably available at the time, including publication, telephone, electronic communications, or radio. 
 
 Section 7.4. Quorum Manner of Acting. During an emergency, such number of directors (or a sole director) present, in person or by telephonic or electronic or remote communications, at any meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof shall constitute a quorum for such 
 23 

Exhibit 3ii 

 meeting. The vote of a majority of the directors present at any such meeting shall be the act of the Board of Directors or such committee, as applicable, notwithstanding any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these bylaws to the contrary. If, during an emergency, the directors present at a meeting are fewer than the number required for a quorum as described in the first sentence of this Section 7.4, the officers of the Corporation or other persons present who have been designated on a list approved by the Board of Directors before such emergency, all in such order of priority and subject to such conditions and for such period of time as may be provided in the resolution approving such list, or, in the absence of such a resolution, the officers of the Corporation who are present, in order of rank and within the same rank in order of seniority, shall to the extent required to provide a quorum be deemed directors for such meeting. 
 
 Section 7.5. Officers Succession. The Board of Directors, either before or during an emergency, may provide, and from time to time modify, lines of succession in the event that during an emergency any or all officers or agents of the Corporation shall for any reason be rendered incapable of discharging their duties. During any emergency, the directors present and voting may appoint such officers as shall be approved by a majority of such directors. 
 
 Section 7.6. Change of Office. The Board of Directors, either before or during an emergency, may, effective in the emergency, change the location of the Corporation s head or principal executive office or designate several alternative head or principal executive offices or regional offices, or authorize the officers to do so. 
 
 Section 7.7. Liability. No officer, director, or employee acting in accordance with any emergency bylaw provisions or emergency provisions of the DGCL shall be liable except for willful misconduct. No person shall be liable, and no meeting of stockholders shall be postponed or voided, for the failure to make a stock list available pursuant to Section 219 of the DGCL if it was not practicable to allow inspection during any emergency. 
 
 Section 7.8. Other Actions. During any emergency, the Board of Directors (or, if a quorum cannot be readily convened for a meeting, a majority of the directors present) may (i) take any action that it determines to be practical and necessary to address the circumstances of such emergency condition with respect to a meeting of the stockholders, including, but not limited to 
 (A) to postpone any meeting of stockholders to a later time or date (with the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, such meeting applying to the postponed meeting irrespective of Section 213 of the DGCL), or make a change to hold the meeting solely by means of remote communication, and (B) to notify stockholders of any postponement or change of place of meeting or a change to hold the meeting solely by means of remote communication solely by a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14, or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and 
 (ii) with respect to any dividend that has been declared and as to which the record date has not occurred, change the record date or payment date or both to a later date or dates. The payment date as so changed may not be more than sixty (60) days after the record date as so changed. Notice of the change must be given to stockholders as promptly as practicable, which notice may be given solely by a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14, or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Section 7.9. Termination Amendment. To the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of this Article VII, these bylaws shall remain in effect during any emergency, and upon its termination the foregoing emergency bylaw provisions shall cease to be operative. All emergency bylaw provisions may be terminated at any time by the consent or direction of a majority of a quorum of the Board of Directors and may be amended from time to time during the pendency of any emergency by a majority of the directors present and voting in favor of such amendment. Any repeal or modification of any of the provisions of this Article VII or the emergency provisions of 
 24 

Exhibit 3ii 

 the DGCL shall not adversely affect any right or protection under Section 7.7 in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 

As amended November 2, 2022 
 25 

</EX-3.II>

<EX-4.I>
 3
 adm-ex4i_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-4.I

Document 
 Exhibit 4i 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (the Company has two classes of securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and listed on The New York Stock Exchange (i) common stock, no par value, and (ii) 1.000 Notes due 2025. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 
 The summary of the general terms and provisions of the capital stock of the Company set forth below does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified by reference to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate ), and the Bylaws, as amended (the Bylaws, and together with the Certificate, the Charter Documents ), each of which is incorporated herein by reference and attached as an exhibit to the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For additional information, please read the Company s Charter Documents and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 The Company s board of directors (the Board has authorized capital stock consisting of 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock and 500,000 shares of preferred stock, all without par value. The outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders. 
 
 No Cumulative Voting 
 
 No holder of capital stock, or of any class or classes or of a series or series thereof, is entitled to cumulate votes for the election of directors of the Company. 
 
 No Preemptive Rights 
 
 Holders of common stock do not have any preemptive right to become subscribers or purchasers of additional shares of any class of the Company s capital stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The Board may declare, out of any funds legally available therefor, dividends upon the then outstanding shares of common stock, subject to the rights, if any, of preferred stockholders. 
 
 Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 
 
 Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any preferred stock. 

Exhibit 4i 

 Subject to Preferred Stock 
 
 The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are subject to, and may be injured by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Company has no shares of preferred stock outstanding. The Board can fix the rights, preferences and privileges of the shares of each series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions on these shares. 
 
 The Board may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of common stock. If the Company issues preferred stock, it may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control. 
 
 Potential Anti-Takeover Effects 
 Some provisions of our Charter Documents may have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire control of the Company. This could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock. 
 Among other things, our Charter Documents allow the Company to 
 issue preferred stock without any vote or further action by our stockholders 
 
 eliminate the right of stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting and 
 
 specify procedures for director nominations by stockholders and submission of other proposals for consideration at stockholder meetings. 
 The Company is subject to provisions of Delaware law that could also delay or make more difficult a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving the Company. In particular, Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years from such interested stockholder s acquisition (together with affiliates or associates) of 15 of more of our voting stock unless the transaction meets certain conditions. 
 The possible issuance of preferred stock, the procedures required for director nominations and stockholder proposals and Delaware law could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company, including without limitation discouraging a proxy contest or making more difficult the acquisition of a substantial block of the Company s common stock. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare. 
 Listing 
 The Company s Common Stock is listed on The New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol ADM. 

Exhibit 4i 

 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 
 
 The following description of the Company s 1.000 Notes due 2025 (the Notes is a summary and does not purport to be complete. This description is qualified in its entirety by reference to Indenture, dated as of October 16, 2012, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (the Indenture ). References in this section to the Company, us, we and our are solely to Archer-Daniels-Midland Company and not to any of its subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. 
 
 The Notes were issued under the Indenture, which provides that debt securities may be issued under the Indenture from time to time in one or more series. The Indenture and the Notes are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. The Notes will initially be limited to 650,000,000 aggregate principal amount, however, the Indenture does not limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue under that Indenture. We may, without the consent of the holders of the debt securities of any series, issue additional debt securities ranking equally with, and otherwise similar in all respects to, the debt securities of the series (except for the issue date and, in some cases, the public offering price, the initial interest accrual date, and the initial interest payment date) so that those additional debt securities will be consolidated and form a single series with the debt securities of the series previously offered and sold. 
 
 The 2025 Notes 
 
 We issued 650,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Notes on September 5, 2018. The maturity date of the Notes is September 12, 2025, and interest at a rate of 1.000 per annum is paid annually in arrears on September 12 of each year, beginning on September 12, 2019, and on the maturity date. As of December 31, 2019, 650,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Notes was outstanding. 
 
 Ranking 
 
 The Notes are our senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other senior unsecured obligations from time to time outstanding. The Notes are not secured by any of our assets. Any future claims of secured lenders with respect to assets securing their loans will be prior to any claim of the holders of the Notes with respect to those assets. The Notes will be effectively subordinated to all liabilities of our subsidiaries, including trade payables. Since we conduct many of our operations through our subsidiaries, our right to participate in any distribution of the assets of a subsidiary when it winds up its business is subject to the prior claims of the creditors of the subsidiary. 
 
 Payment on the Notes 
 
 All payments of principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes, and additional amounts, if any, including any payments made upon any applicable redemption of the Notes will be made in euro. If euro is unavailable to us due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond our control or the euro is no longer used by the member states of the European Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in U.S. dollars until the euro is again available to us or so used. 
 
 Payment of Additional Amounts 
 
 All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, imposed or levied by the United States or any taxing authority thereof or therein, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 

Exhibit 4i 

 In the event such withholding or deduction is required by law, we will pay such additional amounts on the Notes as are necessary in order that the net payment of the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes, after such withholding or deduction will not be less than the amount provided in the Notes to be then due and payable. We will not be required, however, to make any payment of additional amounts for or on account of 
 
 (1) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the holder, or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of the holder if the holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation, or a person holding a power over an estate or trust administered by a fiduciary holder, being considered as (a) being or having been engaged in a trade or business in the United States or having or having had a permanent establishment in the United States or having or having had a qualified business unit which has the United States dollar as its functional currency (b) having a current or former connection with the United States (other than a connection arising solely as a result of the ownership of the Notes, the receipt of any payment or the enforcement of any rights thereunder) or being considered as having such relationship, including being or having been a citizen or resident of the United States (c) being or having been a personal holding company, a passive foreign investment company or a controlled foreign corporation for United States income tax purposes or a foreign personal holding company that has accumulated earnings to avoid United States federal income tax (d) being or having been a 10-percent shareholder of the Company as defined in section 871(h)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and the regulations thereunder or any successor provision or (e) being a bank described in section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code 
 
 (2) any holder that is not the sole beneficial owner of the Notes, or a portion of the Notes, or that is a fiduciary, partnership or limited liability company, but only to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a beneficial owner or member of the partnership or limited liability company would not have been entitled to the payment of an additional amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment 
 
 (3) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the failure of the holder or any other person to comply with certification, identification or information reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of the Notes, if compliance is required by statute, by regulation of the United States or any taxing authority therein or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the United States is a party as a precondition to exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge 
 
 (4) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any paying agent from any payment of principal or premium, if any, or interest on any Note if that payment can be made without withholding by any other paying agent 
 
 (5) any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for a change in law, regulation, or administrative or judicial interpretation that becomes effective more than 15 days after the payment becomes due or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later 
 
 (6) to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, excise, transfer, wealth, capital gains or personal property tax or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge 
 
 (7) to any withholding or deduction that is imposed on a payment to an individual and that is required to be made pursuant to any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, any European Council Directive on the taxation of savings 

Exhibit 4i 

 (8) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by the London Paying Agent from any payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on such note, if such payment can be made without such withholding by at least one other paying agent 
 
 (9) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the presentation by the holder of such note, where presentation is required, for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later 
 
 (10) to any withholding or deduction that is imposed on a payment pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, and related treasury regulations and pronouncements, or any successor provisions and any regulations or official law, agreement or interpretations thereof implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or 
 
 (11) in the case of any combination of items listed above. 
 
 The Notes are subject in all cases to any tax, fiscal or other law or regulation or administrative or judicial interpretation applicable to the Notes. Except under certain circumstances, we will not be required to make any payment for any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge of whatever nature imposed by any government or a political subdivision or taxing authority of or in any government or political subdivision. 
 
 Redemption for Tax Reasons 
 
 If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated under the laws) of the United States (or any taxing authority thereof or therein), or any change in, or amendments to, an official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective on or after the date of the prospectus supplement, we become or, based upon a written opinion of independent counsel selected by us, will become obligated to pay additional amounts with respect to the Notes, then we may at any time at our option, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior notice to holders, redeem, in whole, but not in part, the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 Sinking Fund 
 
 The Notes will not be entitled to any sinking fund. 
 
 Optional Redemption 
 
 We may redeem the Notes at our option, either in whole at any time or in part from time to time prior to June 12, 2025 (three months prior to the maturity date of the Notes, the Par Call Date ), at a redemption price for the Notes to be redeemed on any redemption date equal to the greater of the following amounts 
 
 100 of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed on the redemption date or 
 
 the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest that would have been payable if the Notes being redeemed on that redemption date matured on the Par Call Date (excluding interest accrued to the redemption date), determined by discounting to the redemption date on an annual basis (ACTUAL ACTUAL (ICMA)) at the applicable Comparable Government Bond Rate (as defined below), plus 15 basis points 
 
 plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

Exhibit 4i 

 In addition, we may redeem all or part of the Notes at any time or from time to time on and after the Par Call Date, at our option, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on the Notes that are due and payable on an interest payment date falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture. 
 
 Comparable Government Bond means, in relation to any Comparable Government Bond Rate calculation, at the discretion of an Independent Investment Banker, a German government bond whose maturity is closest to the maturity of the Notes (assuming, for this purpose, that the Notes matured on the Par Call Date), or if such Independent Investment Banker in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other German government bond as such Independent Investment Banker may, with the advice of the Reference Bond Dealers, determine to be appropriate for determining the Comparable Government Bond Rate. 
 
 Comparable Government Bond Rate means the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the gross redemption yield on the Notes to be redeemed, if they were to be purchased at such price on the third business day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equal to the gross redemption yield on such business day of the Comparable Government Bond on the basis of the middle market price of the Comparable Government Bond prevailing at 11 00 a.m. (London time) on such business day as determined by the Independent Investment Banker. 
 
 Independent Investment Banker means one of the Reference Bond Dealers that we appoint as the Independent Investment Banker from time to time. 
 
 Reference Bond Dealer means each of Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas and MUFG Securities EMEA plc, and their respective successors. 
 
 Covenants 
 
 The following definitions describe certain covenants contained in the Indenture. 
 
 Attributable Debt means 
 
 the balance sheet liability amount in respect of capital leases, plus 
 
 the amount of future minimum operating lease payments, less any amounts required to be paid on account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates and similar charges, discounted using the methodology used to calculate the present value of operating lease payments in our most recent Annual Report to Stockholders reflecting that calculation. 
 
 The amount of Attributable Debt relating to an operating lease that can be terminated by the lessee with the payment of a penalty will be calculated based on the lesser of 
 
 the aggregate amount of lease payments required to be made until the first date the lease can be terminated by the lessee plus the amount of the penalty, or 
 
 the aggregate amount of lease payments required to be made during the remaining term of the lease. 
 
 Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means the total amount of our assets, minus applicable reserves and other properly deductible items, minus 

Exhibit 4i 

 all current liabilities, excluding Funded Debt classified as such by reason of being renewable or extendible, and 
 
 all goodwill, trade names, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense, and other similar intangibles to the extent not deducted as reserves and deductible items set forth above, all as set forth on our most recent consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Funded Debt means 
 
 Indebtedness that matures more than 12 months after the time of the computation of the amount thereof or that is extendible or renewable to a time more than 12 months after the time of the computation of the amount thereof 
 
 all guarantees of any such Indebtedness or of dividends, other than any guarantee in connection with the sale or discount by us or any Restricted Subsidiary of accounts receivable, trade acceptances and other paper arising in the ordinary course of business and 
 
 all preferred stock of any Subsidiary, taken at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation price at the time of any calculation hereunder, but exclusive of accrued dividends, if any. 
 
 Funded Debt does not, however, include any amount in respect of obligations under leases, or guarantees of obligations, whether or not such obligations or guarantees would be included as liabilities on a balance sheet. 
 
 Indebtedness means 
 
 all items of indebtedness or liability, except capital and surplus, that would be included in total liabilities on the liability side of a balance sheet as of the date that indebtedness is being determined and 
 
 guarantees, endorsements (other than for purposes of collection) and other contingent obligations relating to, or to purchase or otherwise acquire, indebtedness of others, unless the amount is included in the preceding bullet point. 
 
 Indebtedness does not, however, include any obligations or guarantees of obligations relating to lease rentals, even if the obligations or guarantees of obligations relating to lease rentals would be included as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet of us and our Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 
 Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property means any building, structure or other facility, together with the land on which it is erected and fixtures that are part of such building, located in the United States that is used by us or our Subsidiaries primarily for manufacturing, processing or warehousing, the gross book value of which exceeds 1 of our Consolidated Net Tangible Assets, other than any such building, 
 
 that is financed by obligations issued by a state, territory or possession of the United States, or any of their political subdivisions, the interest on which is excludable from gross income of the holders pursuant to Section 103(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or 
 
 that is not of material importance to the total business conducted by us and our Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

Exhibit 4i 

 A Restricted Subsidiary is any Subsidiary of ours, but does not include a Subsidiary (i) that does not transact any substantial portion of its business in the United States and does not regularly maintain any substantial portion of its fixed assets in the United States, or (ii) that is engaged primarily in financing our operations or the operations of our Subsidiaries, or both. 
 
 Secured Funded Debt means Funded Debt which is secured by a mortgage, lien or other similar encumbrance upon any of our assets or those of our Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 
 A Subsidiary is a corporation or other entity in which we, or one or more of our other Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, own more than 50 of the outstanding voting equity interests. 
 
 Wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary in which we and our other Wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiaries own all of the outstanding Funded Debt and capital stock (other than directors qualifying shares). 
 
 Restrictions on Secured Funded Debt 
 
 The Indenture limits the amount of Secured Funded Debt that we and our Restricted Subsidiaries may incur or otherwise create, including by guarantee. Neither we nor our Restricted Subsidiaries may incur or otherwise create any new Secured Funded Debt unless immediately after the incurrence or creation 
 
 the sum of 
 o the aggregate principal amount of all of our outstanding Secured Funded Debt and that of our Restricted Subsidiaries (other than certain categories of Secured Funded Debt discussed below), plus 
 o the aggregate amount of our Attributable Debt and that of our Restricted Subsidiaries relating to sale and leaseback transactions, 
 
 does not exceed 15 of our Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 
 
 This limitation does not apply if the outstanding debt securities are secured equally and ratably with or prior to the new Secured Funded Debt. 
 
 The following categories of Secured Funded Debt will not be considered in determining whether we are in compliance with the covenant described in the first paragraph under the heading Restrictions on Secured Funded Debt 
 
 Secured Funded Debt of a Restricted Subsidiary owing to us or to one of our Wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiaries 
 
 Secured Funded Debt resulting from a mortgage, lien or other similar encumbrance in favor of the U.S. government or any state or any 
 instrumentality thereof to secure certain payments 
 
 Secured Funded Debt resulting from a mortgage, lien or other similar encumbrance on property, shares of stock or Indebtedness of any company existing at the time that the company becomes one of our Subsidiaries 

Exhibit 4i 

 Secured Funded Debt resulting from a mortgage, lien or other similar encumbrance on property, shares of stock or Indebtedness which (1) exists at the time that the property, shares of stock or Indebtedness is acquired by us or one of our Restricted Subsidiaries, including acquisitions by merger or consolidation, (2) secures the payment of any part of the purchase price of or construction cost for the property, shares of stock or Indebtedness or (3) secures any Indebtedness incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 120 days after, the acquisition of the property, shares of stock or Indebtedness or the completion of any construction of the property for the purpose of financing all or a part of the purchase price or construction cost of the property, shares of stock or Indebtedness, provided that, in all cases, we continue to comply with the covenant relating to mergers and consolidations discussed under the heading Restrictions on Mergers and Sales of Assets below 
 
 Secured Funded Debt resulting from a mortgage, lien or other similar encumbrance in connection with the issuance of revenue bonds on which the interest is exempt from federal income tax under the Internal Revenue Code and any extension, renewal or refunding of (1) any Secured Funded Debt permitted under the first paragraph under the heading Restrictions on Secured Funded Debt or (2) any Secured Funded Debt outstanding as of the date of the Indenture. 
 
 Restrictions on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 
 
 Under the Indenture, neither we nor any Restricted Subsidiary may enter into any sale and leaseback transaction involving a Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property, except a sale by a Restricted Subsidiary to us or another Restricted Subsidiary or a lease not exceeding three years, by the end of which we intend to discontinue use of the property, and except for any transaction with a local or state authority that provides financial or tax benefits, unless 
 
 the net proceeds of the sale are at least equal to the fair market value of the property and 
 
 within 120 days of the transfer, or two years if we hold the net proceeds of the sale in cash or cash equivalents, we purchase and retire debt securities and or repay Funded Debt and or make expenditures for the expansion, construction or acquisition of a Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property at least equal to the net proceeds of the sale. 
 
 In addition, the restriction does not apply if the sum of the aggregate fair market value of the property transferred in a sale and leaseback transaction and all Secured Funded Debt (other than the categories of Secured Funded Debt discussed above as not being included in the consideration of the covenant restricting Secured Funded Debt) does not exceed 15 of our Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 
 
 Restrictions on Mergers and Sales of Assets 
 
 The Indenture generally permits a consolidation or merger between us and another entity. It also permits the sale or transfer by us of all or substantially all of our property and assets. These transactions are permitted so long as 
 the resulting or acquiring entity, if other than us, is organized and existing under the laws of a United States jurisdiction and assumes responsibility for the payment of all amounts due on the debt securities and performance of the covenants in the Indenture 
 
 immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no event of default under the Indenture exists 

Exhibit 4i 

 steps have been taken to secure the debt securities equally and ratably with all indebtedness secured by a mortgage, lien or other similar encumbrance if as a result of such transaction, our properties or assets or Restricted Subsidiaries properties or assets would become subject to such mortgage, lien or other similar encumbrance not permitted pursuant to the provisions discussed above under the heading Restrictions on Secured Funded Debt without equally and ratably securing the debt securities and 
 
 we have delivered to the trustee an officers certificate and an opinion of counsel, each stating that the transaction and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with the transaction, the supplemental indenture comply with the Indenture and that all conditions precedent to the transaction contained in the Indenture have been satisfied. If we consolidate or merge with or into any other entity or sell or lease all or substantially all of our assets according to the terms and conditions of the Indenture, the resulting or acquiring entity will be substituted for us in the Indenture with the same effect as if it had been an original party to the Indenture. As a result, such successor entity may exercise our rights and powers under the Indenture, in our name and, except in the case of a lease, we will be released from all obligations and covenants under the Indenture and under the debt securities and coupons. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, we may transfer all of our property and assets to another corporation if, immediately after giving effect to the transfer, such corporation is our Wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary and we would be permitted to become liable for an additional amount of Secured Funded Debt. 
 
 Event of Default 
 
 Each of the following events are defined in the Indenture as an Event of Default (whatever the reason for such event of default and whether or not it will be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) with respect to the debt securities of any series 
 
 failure to pay interest on any debt security of that series for 30 days after the payment is due 
 
 failure to pay the principal of, or any premium on, any debt security of that series when due 
 
 failure to deposit any sinking fund payment on debt securities of that series when due 
 
 failure to perform any other covenant in the Indenture that applies to debt securities of that series for 90 days after we have received written notice of the failure to perform in the manner specified in the indenture 
 
 default in respect of any Indebtedness for money borrowed by us or any consolidated Subsidiary, or under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which such Indebtedness is issued or secured, including a default with respect to debt securities of any other series, which default results in the acceleration of Indebtedness with an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of 50,000,000, unless the acceleration is rescinded, or such debt is paid or waived within 10 days after we have received written notice of the default in the manner specified in the Indenture 
 
 certain events in bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or 
 
 any other Event of Default that may be specified for the debt securities of that series when that series is created. 

Exhibit 4i 

 If an Event of Default for any series of debt securities occurs and continues, the trustee or the holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the series may declare the entire principal of all the debt securities of that series to be due and payable immediately, except that, if the Event of Default is caused by certain events in bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, the entire principal of all of the debt securities of the series will become due and payable immediately without any act on the part of the trustee or holders of the debt securities. 
 
 If such a declaration occurs, the holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series can, subject to conditions, rescind the declaration. The prospectus supplement relating to a series of debt securities which are original issue discount securities will describe the particular provisions that relate to the acceleration of maturity of a portion of the principal amount of the series when an Event of Default occurs and continues. 
 
 Modification and Waiver 
 
 Under the Indenture, certain of our rights and obligations and certain of the rights of the holders of the debt securities may be modified or amended with the consent of the holders of a majority of the total principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of all series of debt securities affected by the modification or amendment, acting together as a class. However, the following modifications and amendments will not be effective against any holder without its consent 
 
 a change in the stated maturity date of any payment of principal or interest 
 
 a reduction in the principal amount of, or rate of interest on, any debt security or any change in the interest rate or method of calculating the interest rate applicable to any debt security 
 
 a reduction in the premium payable upon redemption of any debt security 
 
 a reduction in the amount of principal of an original issue discount debt security due and payable upon acceleration of the maturity of such debt security 
 
 a change in place of payment where, or the currency in which, any payment on the debt securities is payable 
 
 an impairment of a holder s right to sue us for the enforcement of payments due on the debt securities or 
 
 a reduction in the percentage of outstanding debt securities of any series required to consent to a modification or amendment of the Indenture or required to consent to a waiver of compliance with certain provisions of the Indenture or certain defaults under the Indenture. 
 
 Under the Indenture, the holders of at least a majority of the total principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series of debt securities may waive compliance by us with certain restrictive provisions of the Indenture, on behalf of all holders of all series of debt securities to which such restrictive provision applies. 
 
 Under the Indenture, the holders of at least a majority of the total principal amount of the outstanding debt securities may, on behalf of all holders of such series of debt securities, waive any past default under the Indenture, except 
 
 a default in the payment of the principal of, or any premium or interest on, any debt securities of that series or 

Exhibit 4i 

 a default under any provision of the Indenture which itself cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holders of each outstanding debt security of that series. 
 
 Defeasance 
 
 Upon satisfaction of the following conditions, the Company shall be discharged from all of its obligations under the Notes, except for its obligations under certain sections of the Indenture (referred to below as a Defeasance 
 
 The Company shall irrevocably have deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee in trust for the holders of the notes (A) money in an amount, or (B) U.S. Government Obligations which through the scheduled payment of principal and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms, and with no further reinvestment, will provide, not later than one day before the due date of any payment, lawful money of the United States in an amount, or (C) a combination thereof, sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Notes at or before the stated maturity date thereof (and to redeem any sinking fund Securities required to be redeemed prior to such payment and discharge) in accordance with the Indenture and the Notes. 
 
 The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an opinion of counsel stating that the holders of the Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit or Defeasance and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amount, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit or Defeasance had not occurred, which opinion of counsel shall be based upon (and accompanied by a copy of) a ruling of the Internal Revenue Service to the same effect unless there has been a change in applicable Federal income tax law after the original issue date of the Notes such that a ruling is no longer required or a ruling directed to the Trustee received from the Internal Revenue Service to the same effect as the aforementioned opinion of counsel. 
 
 The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an officers certificate to the effect that the Notes, if then listed on any securities exchange or quoted on an automatic quotation system, will not be delisted or cease to be quoted as a result of such deposit. 
 
 No Event of Default or event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit. 
 
 Such deposit or Defeasance shall not result in a violation of, or constitute a default under, any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. 
 
 Such Defeasance shall not result in the trust arising from such deposit constituting an investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940 or such trust shall be qualified under such act or exempt from regulation thereunder. 
 
 Such Defeasance shall not cause the Trustee to have a conflicting interest under the Trust Indenture Act with respect to any Securities of the Company or any guarantor. 
 
 The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee (i) an officers certificate stating that all conditions precedent provided for relating to such Defeasance or deposit have been complied with, and (ii) an opinion of counsel stating that all conditions precedent provided for relating to such Defeasance or deposit have been complied with. 

Exhibit 4i 

 All money and U.S. Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee pursuant to the above in respect of the Notes shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and the Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any paying agent (including the Company acting as its own paying agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the holders of the Notes, of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal and any premium and interest, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. 
 
 The Company shall pay (in addition to any U.S. Government Obligations deposited pursuant to the above, and indemnify the Trustee against, any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the U.S. Government Obligations deposited pursuant to the above or the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the holders of the Notes for which such deposit is made. 
 
 Anything in this section to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon request of the Company any money or U.S. Government Obligations held by it as provided above which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, are in excess of the amount thereof which would then be required to be deposited to effect an equivalent Defeasance. 
 
 U.S. Government Obligations means direct obligations of the United States for the payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged, or obligations of a person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States and the payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United States which, in either case, are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and shall also include a depository receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) as custodian with respect to any such U.S. Government Obligations or a specific payment of or interest on any such U.S. Government Obligations held by such custodian for the account of the holder of such depository receipt, provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depository receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the U.S. Government Obligations or the specific payment of principal of or interest on the U.S. Government Obligations evidenced by such depository receipt. 
 
 Book-Entry Delivery and Settlement 
 
 The Notes were issued in book-entry form and are represented by global notes deposited with, or on behalf of, a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, and are registered in the name of the common depositary or its nominee. Except as described herein, certificated notes will not be issued in exchange for beneficial interests in the global notes. 
 
 Exchange of Global Notes for Certificates Notes 
 
 Subject to certain conditions, the Notes represented by the global notes are exchangeable for certificated notes in definitive form of like tenor in minimum denominations of 100,000 principal amount and multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof if 
 
 we have been notified that both Clearstream and Euroclear have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available 
 
 we, at our option, notify the trustee in writing that we elect to cause the issuance of certificated notes or 
 
 there has occurred and is continuing an event of default with respect to the Notes. 

Exhibit 4i 

 In all cases, certificated notes delivered in exchange for any global note or beneficial interest therein will be registered in the names, and issued in any approved denominations, requested by or on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream (in accordance with their customary procedures). 
 
 Payments (including principal, premium and interest) with respect to Notes in certificated form may be made at the office or agency maintained for such purpose in London (initially the corporate trust office of the London paying agent) or, at our option, by check mailed to the holders thereof at the respective addresses set forth in the register of holders of the Notes, provided that all payments (including principal, premium and interest) on notes in certificated form, for which the holders thereof have given wire transfer instructions to the London paying agent at least ten business days prior to the applicable payment date, will be required to be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the holders thereof, subject, in each case, to surrender of the Notes to the London Paying Agent in the case of payments or principal or premium. No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer, but payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge payable in connection with that registration may be required. 

</EX-4.I>

<EX-21>
 4
 adm-ex21_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 The following is a list of the Company's subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022, which may not include certain subsidiaries that, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as defined in Regulation S-X of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (17 CFR 210.1-02 (w)). 
 Entity Name Country Domestic Jurisdiction ADGENE LABORATOIRE France France ADM (Shanghai) Management Co., Ltd. China China ADM (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand Thailand ADM Ag Holding Limited British Virgin Islands British Virgin Islands ADM Agri Services Greece MEPE Greece Greece ADM Agricultural Commodities Trading (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. China China ADM Agriculture Limited UK United Kingdom ADM Agri-Industries Company Nova Scotia Canada ADM Agro Iberica S.L.U. Spain Spain ADM Agro Industries India Private Limited India India ADM Agro Industries Kota & Akola Private Limited India India ADM Agro Industries Latur & Vizag Private Limited India India ADM AGRO S.R.L. Argentina Argentina ADM Agroinvestimentos Ltda. Brazil Brazil ADM Alliance Nutrition of Puerto Rico, LLC Puerto Rico United States ADM Americas S. de R.L. Panama Panama ADM Andina Peru S.R.L. Peru Peru ADM Animal Health & Nutrition (Dalian) Ltd. China China ADM Animal Health & Nutrition (Nanjing) Co., Ltd. China China ADM Animal Nutrition (Cambodia) Co., Ltd. Phnom Penh Municipality Cambodia ADM Animal Nutrition (Xiangtan) Co.,Ltd. China China ADM Animal Nutrition (Zhangzhou) Co., Ltd. China China ADM Animal Nutrition Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore Singapore ADM Animal Nutrition Czechia s.r.o. Czech Republic Czech Republic ADM Animal Nutrition Italy S.R.L. Italy Italy ADM Animal Nutrition Spain, S.A. Spain Spain ADM ANTWERP NV Belgium Belgium ADM Arkady Ireland Limited Ireland Ireland ADM Armaz ns Gerais Ltda. Brazil Brazil ADM Asia-Pacific Trading Pte. Ltd. Singapore Singapore ADM Australia Holdings I Pty Limited Australia Australia ADM Australia Pty. Limited Australia Australia ADM Bazancourt SASU France France ADM Besin ve Tarim Anonim Sirketi Turkey Turkey ADM Bio-Productos, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Mexico 

 1 

ADM Bio-Science & Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. China China ADM Bulgaria Trading EOOD Bulgaria Bulgaria ADM CARIBBEAN INC. St. Lucia St. Lucia ADM Chile Comercial Limitada Santiago Chile ADM Clinton BioProcessing, Inc. Delaware United States ADM Cork H&W Limited Ireland Ireland ADM Czernin S.A. Poland Poland ADM Denmark A S Denmark Denmark ADM Direct Polska Sp. z o.o. Poland Poland ADM DO BRASIL LTDA. Brazil Brazil ADM Dominican Holdings, Inc. Delaware United States ADM Dominicana S.A. Dominican Republic Dominican Republic ADM Edible Bean Specialties, Inc. Michigan United States ADM Egypt LLC Egypt Egypt ADM El Salvador, Ltda. de C.V. El Salvador El Salvador ADM EMEA Corporate Services GmbH Germany Germany ADM Europe Holdco, S.L. Spain Spain ADM European Management Holding B.V. & Co. KG Germany Germany ADM Expatriate Services, Inc. Delaware United States ADM Export Co. Delaware United States ADM Food Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China China ADM Food Technology (Pinghu) Co., Ltd. China China ADM France France France ADM Fuels Company Delaware United States ADM German Holdings B.V. NL Netherlands ADM Germany GmbH Germany Germany ADM Grain Costa Rica S.R.L. Costa Rica Costa Rica ADM Grain de Venezuela Venezuela Venezuela ADM Grain River System, Inc. Delaware United States ADM Guatemala Limitada Guatemala Guatemala ADM Hamburg Aktiengesellschaft Germany Germany ADM Holding (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand Thailand ADM Holdings LLC Delaware United States ADM Honduras S.de R.L. Honduras Honduras ADM Human Nutrition Proprietary Limited South Africa South Africa ADM Hundested ApS Denmark Denmark ADM Inca S.A.C. Peru Peru ADM Industries Centers Ltd Israel Israel ADM INGREDIENTS S.R.L. Argentina Argentina ADM International Holdings, Inc. Delaware United States ADM International S rl Switzerland Switzerland ADM Investments Limited Cayman Islands Cayman Islands ADM Investor Services International Limited UK United Kingdom ADM Investor Services, Inc. Delaware United States ADM Ireland Receivables Company Limited Ireland Ireland ADM Ireland Receivables Company Limited Ireland Ireland ADM Japan Ltd. Japan Japan ADM Latin America, Inc. Delaware United States 

 2 

ADM Logistics, Inc. Delaware United States ADM Mainz GmbH Germany Germany ADM Malbork S.A. Poland Poland ADM MANAGEMENT LTD. Cayman Islands Cayman Islands ADM Medsofts Sarl Switzerland Switzerland ADM Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Mexico ADM Mexico, Inc. Delaware United States ADM Milling Co. Minnesota United States ADM Milling Limited UK United Kingdom ADM MOROCCO S.A. Morocco Morocco ADM Myanmar Company Limited Myanmar Myanmar ADM New Zealand Limited New Zealand New Zealand ADM Nicaragua SA Nicaragua Nicaragua ADM Nutrition South Africa Pty Ltd South Africa South Africa ADM Olomouc s.r.o. Czech Republic Czech Republic ADM Panama S. De R.L. Panama Panama ADM Paraguay S.R.L. Paraguay Paraguay ADM Participa es Ltda. Brazil Brazil ADM Poland Sp. z o.o. Poland Poland ADM PORTUGAL, SA Portugal Portugal ADM Protexin Limited England United Kingdom ADM Protexin, Inc. Delaware United States ADM Pura Limited UK United Kingdom ADM Razgrad EAD Bulgaria Bulgaria ADM Receivables, LLC Delaware United States ADM Rice, Inc. Delaware United States ADM Ringaskiddy Unlimited Company Ireland Ireland ADM Romania Trading S.R.L. Ireland Ireland ADM Services B.V. NL Netherlands ADM SERVICIOS, S.A. DE C.V. Mexico Mexico ADM Slovakia, s.r.o. Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Slovakia (Slovak Republic) ADM Specialty Ingredients (Europe) B.V. NL Netherlands ADM Spyck GmbH Germany Germany ADM STF DMCC Dubai United Arab Emirates ADM STF Pte. Ltd. Singapore Singapore ADM STF Switzerland Sarl Switzerland Switzerland ADM Sweden AB Sweden Sweden ADM Szamotuly Sp. z o.o. Poland Poland ADM Trading (UK) Limited England United Kingdom ADM Trading Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Australia ADM Trading Company Delaware United States ADM Trading Cote D'Ivoire Abidjan Cote D'Ivoire ADM Transportation Company Delaware United States ADM Trucking, Inc. Delaware United States 

 3 

ADM Turkey Tar m Ticaret A.S. Turkey Turkey ADM Unterstutzungskasse GmbH Germany Germany ADM Uruguay SCA Uruguay Uruguay ADM Ventures Investment Corp. Delaware United States ADM WILD Europe GmbH & Co. KG Germany Germany ADM Wild Gida Sanayi ve Ticaret Limited Sirketi Turkey Turkey ADM WILD Nauen GmbH Germany Germany ADM WILD Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Netherlands ADM WILD SEE Kft Hungary Hungary ADM Wild UK Limited England United Kingdom ADM WILD Valencia SAU Spain Spain ADM Worldwide Holdings L.P. Cayman Islands Cayman Islands ADMEcuador CIA. Ltda. Ecuador Ecuador ADMIS Holding Company, Inc. Delaware United States ADMIS Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Hong Kong ADMIS SINGAPORE PTE. LIMITED Singapore Singapore AGRANIX France France Agri Port Services Brasil Ltda. Brazil Brazil Agri Port Services Investments Ltd. Cayman Islands Cayman Islands Agri Port Services, LLC Delaware United States Agricolas Madagascar SARLU Madagascar Madagascar Agrinational Insurance Company Vermont United States Agrograin, Ltd. Cayman Islands Cayman Islands AIC Seguros S.R.L. Paraguay Paraguay Alfrebro, LLC Ohio United States Alfred C. Toepfer International Netherlands B.V. NL Netherlands Alimentos Texo SA de CV Mexico Mexico American River Transportation Co., LLC Delaware United States AMT West LLC Delaware United States Anco Animal Nutrition Competence GmbH Austria Austria Archer Daniels Midland (UK) Limited England United Kingdom Archer Daniels Midland Asia-Pacific Limited Hong Kong Hong Kong Archer Daniels Midland Company South Africa (Pty) Ltd. South Africa South Africa Archer Daniels Midland Erith Limited England United Kingdom Archer Daniels Midland Europe B.V. NL Netherlands Archer Daniels Midland Europoort B.V. NL Netherlands Archer Daniels Midland Korea LLC South Korea Korea, Republic Of Archer Daniels Midland Singapore, Pte. Ltd. Singapore Singapore Archer Daniels Midland Vietnam Company Limited Vietnam Viet Nam Archer Daniels Midland Wild Nigeria Ltd. Nigeria Nigeria Archer Financial Services, Inc. Delaware United States Archer-Daniels-Midland Philippines, Inc. Philippines Philippines Arinos Unlimited Trinidad Trinidad And Tobago AT Holdings II Company Delaware United States Balanceados Nova S.A. Balnova Ecuador Ecuador Balto Holdco, LLC Delaware United States 

 4 

Barbados Mills Limited Barbados Barbados Bela Vista Bio Etanol Participa es Ltda. Brazil Brazil Belize Mills Limited Belize Belize Benson-Quinn Commodities, Inc. Minnesota United States Bern Aqua Belgium Belgium Bifodan, Inc. Delaware United States BIOPOLIS, S.L. Spain Spain BQ Railroad Company North Dakota United States BTECH Tecnologias Agropecu rias e Com rcio Ltda. Brazil Brazil Caribbean Agro-Industries Limited Grenada Grenada CI ADM Colombia Ltda. Colombia Colombia Columbia & Willamette Maritime Services, Inc. Delaware United States Compania ADM, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Mexico CONTROLADORA ADM, S.A. DE C.V. Mexico Mexico Crosswind Petfoods, Inc. Kansas United States Daavision B.V. Netherlands Netherlands DE Holdings LLC Georgia United States Deerland Holdings, Inc. Delaware United States Deerland Probiotics & Enzymes, Inc. Delaware United States DP Holdings LLC Georgia United States Eatem Corporation New Jersey United States Empresa de Transporte La Estrella S.R.L. Paraguay Paraguay Epicore Bionetworks Inc. Alberta Canada Epicore Ecuador S.A. Ecuador Ecuador Epicore Networks (U.S.A.), Inc. New Jersey United States Erich Ziegler GmbH Germany Germany Evialis (Shandong) Co., Ltd. Shandong China EVIALIS FRANCE France France Evialis India Limited Mumbai India FINANCIERE FRANCO MAGYAR POUR LA NUTRITION ANIMALE - FFMNA France France FISA Andina S.A.S. Colombia Colombia FISAromas, S.A.S. Colombia Colombia Flavor Infusion International, S.A. Panama Panama Florida Chemical Company, LLC Delaware United States Flotek Flavor & Fragrance, LLC Delaware United States GLOBAL COCOA HOLDINGS LTD. Cayman Islands Cayman Islands Golden Farm Production & Commerce Company Limited Vietnam Viet Nam Golden Peanut and Tree Nut Seed SA (Pty) Ltd. South Africa South Africa Golden Peanut and Tree Nuts S.A. Argentina Argentina Golden Peanut Company, LLC Georgia United States GP Blanching, Inc. Georgia United States GPC Trucking, Inc. Delaware United States Green Bison Soy Processing, LLC Delaware United States GROUPE PILARDIERE France France Guyomarc'h - VCN Company Limited Hanoi Viet Nam Guyomarc'h Vietnam Co., Ltd. Vietnam Viet Nam Guyovital PT Jakarta Indonesia HFR Shipping Company Ltd. The Republic of the Marshall Islands The Republic of the Marshall Islands 

 5 

HI-NUTRIENTS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Nigeria Nigeria Holding P & A Asia Company Limited Bangkok Thailand HRA Shipping Company Ltd. The Republic of the Marshall Islands The Republic of the Marshall Islands HTI Shipping Company Ltd. The Republic of the Marshall Islands The Republic of the Marshall Islands Industries Centers EOD Trade 2005 Ltd. Israel Israel Invivo NSA Algerie Algeria Algeria Invivo NSA Sanpo (Tianjin) Pet Products Co., Ltd Tianjin China Jamaica Flour Mills Limited Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica Rice Milling Company Limited Jamaica Jamaica JDS Sarl Madagascar Madagascar Kansas Protein Foods, L.L.C. Kansas United States LANCENTER S.C.A. Uruguay Uruguay LLC ACTI Sovietsky Elevator Ukraine Ukraine LLC ADM UKRAINE Ukraine Ukraine LLC B.I.S. Ukraine Ukraine LLC Ukrelevatorprom Ukraine Ukraine Logus Bar Ashdod Port Ltd. Israel Israel Malta Industries S.A. de C.V. Mexico Mexico Malta Texo De Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Mexico Maniobras Y Servicios Del Interior, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Mexico Master Mix of Trinidad Unlimited Trinidad Trinidad And Tobago Medsofts Company LLC Egypt Egypt Medsofts for Import Co. Egypt Egypt Medsofts for Investment LLC Egypt Egypt Medsofts for Trade LLC (Medsofts Trading) Egypt Egypt Mepla Com rcio e Navega o Ltda. Brazil Brazil Mezclas Biomix S.A.S. Colombia Colombia Monti Foods (Pty) Ltd. South Africa South Africa National Enzyme Company, LLC Missouri United States Naviera Chaco S.R.L. Paraguay Paraguay NEC Facilities, LLC Delaware United States NEOVIA France France Neovia Nutri o e Sa de Animal Ltda. Brazil Brazil Neovia Philippines Inc. Philippines Philippines North Star Shipping S.R.L. Romania Romania NUTRILAC France France NutriMix Feed Company, Inc. Puerto Rico United States Olenex C.V. Netherlands Netherlands Pancosma & Associates Marketing (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Thailand Thailand Pancosma (Jiangsu) Feed Additive Co. Ltd. Zhangjiagang China Pancosma (Shanghai) Feed Additives Co. Ltd. Shanghai China Pancosma Canada Inc. Quebec Canada PANCOSMA FRANCE S.A.S France France Pancosma Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Mexico Pancosma North America, Inc. Illinois United States Pancosma SA Switzerland Switzerland 

 6 

PetDine, LLC Colorado United States PJSC ADM Illichivsk Ukraine Ukraine Premiere Agri Technologies Asia, Inc. Delaware United States Premiere Agri Technologies of Mexico, Inc. Delaware United States Proservicios Potencial Humano, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Mexico Provit Sp. z o.o. Poland Poland PT ADM Indonesia Trading and Logistics Indonesia Indonesia Pura Foods Limited UK United Kingdom Rodelle Inc. Colorado United States SANICOOPA France France Sartco Ltda. Brazil Brazil SAVAN (SAHANALA ADM VANILLA) S.A. Madagascar Madagascar SDJ Sarl Madagascar Madagascar Sermix France France Servad S.R.L Uruguay Uruguay Shield Macon LLC Illinois United States Silo P. Kruse Betriebs-GmbH & Co. KG Germany Germany Silo-Betriebsgesellschaft mbH Germany Germany Societe Industrielle des Oleagineux-SIO France France SOJAPROTEIN Limited Liability Company for Soybean Processing Be ej Becej Industria Serbia SORA Laboratories, LLC Missouri United States Southern Cellulose Products, Inc. Tennessee United States Soy Investors, LLC Iowa United States Specialty Commodities, LLC North Dakota United States Sul Mineira Alimentos Ltda. Brazil Brazil Szabadegyhazai Szolgaltato es Vagyonkezeklo KFT Hungary Hungary Terminal Stevedores, Inc. Louisiana United States Terminales De Cargas Especializadas, S.A. De C.V. Mexico Mexico Toepfer International Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China China UPSCIENCE France France UPSCIENCE ITALIA S.R.L. Italy Italy Vantage Corn Processors LLC Delaware United States Wild Amazon Flavors Concentrados e Corantes para Bebidas Ltda. Brazil Brazil Wild Flavors (Canada) Inc. Ontario Canada Wild Flavors Austria GmbH Austria Austria Wild Flavors International GmbH Switzerland Switzerland Wild Flavors Kenya Limited Kenya Kenya Wild Flavors Middle East FZE Jebel Ali United Arab Emirates Wild Flavors Polska Sp. z o.o. Poland Poland Wild Flavors S.A. de C.V. Mexico Mexico Wild Flavors, Inc. Delaware United States Wild Intermare GmbH Germany Germany Wild Polska Sp. z o.o. Poland Poland WILD RUSSIA LLC Russia Russian Federation 

 7 

Wild Tunesia Sarl Tunisia Tunisia Yerbalatina LTDA Brazil Brazil 

 8 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 adm-ex23_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company and in the related prospectuses of our reports dated February 14, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-51381 on Form S-8, dated April 30, 1998, relating to the Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 1996 Stock Option Plan. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-75073 on Form S-8, dated March 26, 1999, relating to the ADM Employee Stock Ownership Plan for Salaried Employees and the ADM Employee Stock Ownership Plan for Hourly Employees. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-37690 on Form S-8, dated May 24, 2000, relating to the Archer-Daniels-Midland Company Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-37694 on Form S-8, dated May 24, 2000, relating to the ADM Employee Stock Ownership Plan for Salaried Employees and the ADM Employee Stock Ownership Plan for Hourly Employees. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-42612 on Form S-8, dated July 31, 2000, as amended by Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 dated August 8, 2000, relating to the ADM 401(k) Plan for Salaried Employees and the ADM 401(k) Plan for Hourly Employees. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-67962 on Form S-8, dated August 20, 2001, relating to the ADM Deferred Compensation Plan for Selected Management Employees. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-86344 on Form S-8, dated April 16, 2002, relating to the ADM Voluntary Employee Payroll Deduction Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-117206 on Form S-8, dated July 7, 2004, relating to the Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 2002 Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-121616 on Form S-8, dated December 23, 2004, relating to the ADM Deferred Compensation Plan for Selected Management Employees I. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-121631 on Form S-8, dated December 23, 2004, relating to the ADM Deferred Compensation Plan for Selected Management Employees II. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-169133 on Form S-8, dated August 31, 2010, as amended by Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 dated July 2, 2020, relating to the Archer-Daniels-Midland 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-224944 on Form S-8, dated May 15, 2018 relating to the Archer-Daniels-Midland Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-239653 on Form S-8, dated July 2, 2020 relating to the Archer-Daniels-Midland 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 
 Registration Statement No. 333-240250 on Form S-3, dated July 31, 2020, relating to debt securities, warrants to purchase debt securities, preferred stock, common stock, warrants to purchase common stock, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Saint Louis, Missouri 
 February 14, 2022 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 6
 adm-ex24_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned, a director of ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint V. LUTHAR, M. L. STRADER FRUIT, and D. C. FINDLAY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as a director of said company to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 The undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand as of this 1st day of February, 2023. 

s M. S. Burke 
 M. S. Burke 

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned, a director of ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint V. LUTHAR, M. L. STRADER FRUIT, and D. C. FINDLAY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as a director of said company to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 The undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand as of this 1st day of February, 2023. 

s T. Colbert 
 T. Colbert 

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned, a director of ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint V. LUTHAR, M. L. STRADER FRUIT, and D. C. FINDLAY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as a director of said company to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 The undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand as of this 1st day of February, 2023. 

s J. C. Collins, Jr. 
 J. C. Collins, Jr. 

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned, a director of ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint V. LUTHAR, M. L. STRADER FRUIT, and D. C. FINDLAY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as a director of said company to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 The undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand as of this 1st day of February, 2023. 

s T. K. Crews 
 T. K. Crews 

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned, a director of ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint V. LUTHAR, M. L. STRADER FRUIT, and D. C. FINDLAY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as a director of said company to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 The undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand as of this 1st day of February, 2023. 

s D. E. Felsinger 
 D. E. Felsinger 

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned, a director of ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint V. LUTHAR, M. L. STRADER FRUIT, and D. C. FINDLAY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as a director of said company to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 The undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand as of this 1st day of February, 2022. 

s S. F. Harrison 
 S. F. Harrison 

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned, a director of ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint V. LUTHAR, M. L. STRADER FRUIT, and D. C. FINDLAY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as a director of said company to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 The undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand as of this 1st day of February, 2023. 

s J. R. Luciano 
 J. R. Luciano 

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned, a director of ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint V. LUTHAR, M. L. STRADER FRUIT, and D. C. FINDLAY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as a director of said company to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 The undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand as of this 1st day of February, 2023. 

s P. J. Moore 
 P. J. Moore 

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned, a director of ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint V. LUTHAR, M. L. STRADER FRUIT, and D. C. FINDLAY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as a director of said company to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 The undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand as of this 1st day of February, 2023. 

s F. J. Sanchez 
 F. J. Sanchez 

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned, a director of ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint V. LUTHAR, M. L. STRADER FRUIT, and D. C. FINDLAY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as a director of said company to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 The undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand as of this 1st day of February, 2023. 

s D. A. Sandler 
 D. A. Sandler 

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned, a director of ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint V. LUTHAR, M. L. STRADER FRUIT, and D. C. FINDLAY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as a director of said company to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 The undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand as of this 1st day of February, 2023. 

s L. Z. Schlitz 
 L. Z. Schlitz 

ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned, a director of ARCHER-DANIELS-MIDLAND COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint V. LUTHAR, M. L. STRADER FRUIT, and D. C. FINDLAY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as a director of said company to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 The undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand as of this 1st day of February, 2023. 

s K. R. Westbrook 
 K. R. Westbrook 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 adm-ex311_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 RULE 13a 14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I, J. R. Luciano, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 14, 2023 s J. R. Luciano J. R. Luciano Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 adm-ex312_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 RULE 13a 14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I, V. Luthar, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 14, 2023 
 
 s V. Luthar V. Luthar Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 adm-ex321_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the Annual Report of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, J. R. Luciano, Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify that 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 14, 2023 
 
 s J. R. Luciano J. R. Luciano Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 adm-ex322_20221231x10k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the Annual Report of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, V. Luthar, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify that 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 14, 2023 
 s V. Luthar V. Luthar Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 adm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 adm-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 adm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 adm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 adm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

