<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1176334_0001176334-23-000053.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12892045</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>489445</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1883536</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4600188</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3000619</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2669562</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001176334-23-000053.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302160158
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001176334-23-000053
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001176334
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PETROLEUM BULK STATIONS & TERMINALS [5171]
		IRS NUMBER:				050527861
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50056
		FILM NUMBER:		23698746

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4200 STONE ROAD
		CITY:			KILGORE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75662
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9039836252

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 191
		CITY:			KILGORE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75663

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020626

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001176334-23-000053.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 mmlp-20221231.htm
 10-K

mmlp-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 Mark One Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____. 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _______________________ 
 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 NONE 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company", and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, 38,850,750 common units were outstanding. The aggregate market value of the common units held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of such date approximated based on the closing sale price on that date. There were of the registrant s common units outstanding as of March 2, 2023. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 1 
 Item 1. Business 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 20 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 44 
 Item 2. Properties 44 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 44 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 44 
 PART II 45 
 Item 5. Market for Our Common Equity, Related Unitholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 45 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 46 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 64 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 65 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 104 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 104 
 Item 9B. Other Information 105 
 PART III 106 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 106 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 110 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 121 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 124 
 Item 14 . 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 129 
 PART IV 130 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 130 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 133 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 References in this annual report to "we," "ours," "us" or like terms when used in a historical context refer to the assets and operations of Martin Resource Management Corporation's business contributed to us in connection with our initial public offering on November 6, 2002. References in this annual report to "Martin Resource Management Corporation" refer to Martin Resource Management Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. References in this annual report to the "Partnership" refer to Martin Midstream Partners L.P. and its subsidiaries, unless the content otherwise requires. You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report. For more detailed information regarding the basis for presentation for the following information, you should read the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This annual report on Form 10-K includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Statements included in this annual report that are not historical facts (including any statements concerning plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance, or assumptions or forecasts related thereto), are forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology including "forecast," "may," "believe," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "continue" or other similar words. These statements discuss future expectations, contain projections of results of operations or of financial condition or state other "forward-looking" information. We and our representatives may from time to time make other oral or written statements that are also forward-looking statements. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are made based upon management's current plans, expectations, estimates, assumptions and beliefs concerning future events impacting us and therefore involve a number of risks and uncertainties. We caution that forward-looking statements are not guarantees and that actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Because these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements for a number of important reasons, including those discussed below in "Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to our Business." 

Overview 
 
 We are a publicly traded limited partnership with a diverse set of operations focused primarily primarily in the Gulf Coast region of the United States ("U.S."). Our four primary business lines include: 
 
 Terminalling, processing, storage and packaging services for petroleum products and by-products, including the refining of naphthenic crude oil; 
 
 Land and marine transportation services for petroleum products and by-products, chemicals, and specialty products; 
 
 Sulfur and sulfur-based products processing, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution; and 
 
 Natural gas liquids ("NGL") marketing, distribution, and transportation services. 
 
 Our vertically integrated services have created long-standing relationships with a diversified customer base that includes major and independent oil and gas companies, independent refiners, chemical companies, and other wholesale purchasers of certain petroleum products and by-products, with significant business concentrated around the U.S. Gulf Coast refinery complex, which is a major hub for petroleum refining, natural gas gathering and processing, and support services for the exploration and production industry. The petroleum products and by-products we gather, transport, store and market are produced primarily by major and independent oil and gas companies who often rely on third parties, such as us, for the transportation and disposition of these products. 
 
 1 

We believe that we have become an integral part of the value chain for our customers by providing them with high value, niche services. We generate a significant amount of our cash flow from fee-based businesses with a significant amount of the working capital demands and margin risk associated with the collective services that we and our sponsor, Martin Resource Management Corporation, provide to customers mainly assumed under contracts between such customers and Martin Resource Management Corporation. Our fixed fee and margin business provides a combination of long-term, spot and evergreen contracts. 
 
 We were formed in 2002 by Martin Resource Management Corporation, a privately-held company whose initial predecessor was incorporated in 1951 as a supplier of products and services to drilling rig contractors. Since then, Martin Resource Management Corporation has expanded its operations through acquisitions and internal expansion initiatives as its management identified and capitalized on the needs of producers and purchasers of petroleum products and by-products and other bulk liquids. Martin Resource Management Corporation is an important supplier and customer of ours. As of December 31, 2022, Martin Resource Management Corporation owned 15.7 of our total outstanding common limited partner units. Furthermore, on December 28, 2021, Martin Resource Management Corporation indirectly acquired, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Martin Resource LLC, the remaining 49 voting interest (50 economic interest) in MMGP Holdings, LLC ("Holdings"), which is the sole member of Martin Midstream GP LLC ("MMGP"), our general partner. Such interests were previously held by certain affiliated investment funds managed by Alinda Capital Partners, which sold the interests to Senterfitt Holdings Inc. Senterfitt on November 23, 2021. At such time, Senterfitt granted Martin Resource LLC the right to purchase such interests for a period of ten years, which right was exercised on December 28, 2021. As a result, Martin Resource Management Corporation indirectly owns 100 of MMGP. Martin Resource Management Corporation directs our business operations through its ownership of our general partner. MMGP owns a 2.0 general partner interest in us, and, until November 23, 2021, MMGP owned all of our incentive distribution rights. On November 23, 2021, MMGP contributed to us all of our incentive distribution rights for no consideration, whereupon the incentive distribution rights were cancelled and cease to exist. 
 
 We entered into an omnibus agreement dated November 1, 2002, with Martin Resource Management Corporation (the "Omnibus Agreement") that governs, among other things, potential competition and indemnification obligations among the parties to the agreement, related party transactions, the provision to us of general administration and support services by Martin Resource Management Corporation and our use of certain of Martin Resource Management Corporation s trade names and trademarks. Under the terms of the Omnibus Agreement, the employees of Martin Resource Management Corporation are responsible for conducting our business and operating our assets. 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation has operated our business since the Partnership's inception in 2002. Martin Resource Management Corporation began operating our NGL business in the 1950s and our sulfur business in the 1960s. It began our land transportation business in the early 1980s and our marine transportation business in the late 1980s. It entered into our fertilizer and terminalling and storage businesses in the early 1990s. 

Primary Business Segments 
 
 Our primary business segments can be generally described as follows: 
 
 Terminalling and Storage. We own or operate 14 marine shore-based terminal facilities and 13 specialty terminal facilities located primarily in the Gulf Coast region of the U.S. with aggregate storage capacity of 2.7 million barrels. We provide storage, refining, blending, packaging, and handling services for producers and suppliers of petroleum products and by-products, including the refining of naphthenic crude oil and the blending and packaging of various grades and quantities of industrial, commercial, and automotive lubricants and greases. Our facilities and resources provide us with the ability to handle various products that require specialized treatment, such as molten sulfur and asphalt. We also provide land rental to oil and gas companies along with storage and handling services for lubricants and fuels through our shore-based terminals. We provide these terminalling and storage services on a fixed-fee basis and a significant portion of the contracts in this segment provide for minimum fee arrangements that are not based on the volumes handled. We believe that our terminalling, processing, storage and packaging services for petroleum products and by-products would be difficult for our customers or competitors to replicate. 
 
 Transportation. We operate a fleet of both land transportation and marine transportation assets that transport petroleum products and by-products, petrochemicals, and chemicals. Our land transportation assets include approximately 700 trucks and 1,200 tank trailers which are based across 25 terminals strategically located throughout the U.S. Gulf Coast and southeastern U.S. Our marine transportation assets include 27 inland marine tank barges, 15 inland push boats and one articulated offshore tug and barge unit that primarily operate coastwise 
 2 

along the Gulf of Mexico and on the U.S. inland waterway system, primarily between domestic ports along the Gulf of Mexico, the Intracoastal Waterway, the Mississippi River system and the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway system. Our "refinery and petrochemical services" model is focused on transportation of heavy tank bottoms (by-products) and other petroleum products, hauling NGLs, molten sulfur, sulfuric acid, paper mill liquids, chemicals, and numerous other bulk liquid commodities from refineries and petrochemical production locations to end markets. We provide these transportation services on a fee basis, and many of our customers have long standing contractual relationships with us. We believe our modernized asset base is attractive both to our existing customers as well as potential new customers. In addition, our marine fleet contains several vessels that reflect our focus on specialty products. 
 
 Sulfur Services. We have developed an integrated system of transportation assets and facilities relating to sulfur services. We process and distribute sulfur produced by oil refineries primarily located in the Gulf Coast region of the U.S. We purchase and sell molten sulfur on contracts that are tied to sulfur indices to minimize margin fluctuations. We process molten sulfur into prilled or pelletized sulfur at our facility in Beaumont, Texas on contracts that traditionally provide guaranteed minimum fees. The sulfur we process and handle is primarily used in the production of fertilizers and industrial chemicals. We own and operate five sulfur-based fertilizer production plants and one emulsified sulfur blending plant. These plants are located in Texas and Illinois and manufacture primarily sulfur-based fertilizer products for wholesale distributors and industrial users. Demand for our sulfur products exists across the globe, and our asset base provides additional opportunities to handle increases in U.S. supply and access to foreign demand. 
 
 Natural Gas Liquids. We sell and distribute NGLs that we primarily purchase from refineries and natural gas processors. We store and transport NGLs for wholesale deliveries to refineries, industrial NGL users and propane retailers in the southeastern U.S. We own approximately 2.2 million barrels of underground storage capacity for NGLs. This segment has historically been driven primarily by the purchase of butane in the summer months, when demand is typically low, and sale in the winter months, when demand is typically higher butane optimization business ). However, in an effort to reduce borrowing costs, working capital needs, commodity risk exposure and earnings volatility, management intends to exit the butane optimization business at the conclusion of the butane selling season during the second quarter of 2023. 

Significant Recent Developments 
 
 Issuance of 2028 Notes to Refinance Existing Secured Notes . On February 8, 2023, we completed the sale of 400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 11.50 senior secured second lien notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes ). We used the proceeds of the 2028 Notes to complete the tender offers for substantially all of our 2024 Notes and 2025 Notes, redeem all 2024 Notes and 2025 Notes that were not validly tendered, repay a portion of the indebtedness under our credit facility, and pay fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing. Simultaneously with the issuance of the 2028 Notes we amended our credit facility to, among other things, reduce the commitments thereunder from 275.0 million to 200.0 million (with further scheduled reductions to 175.0 million on June 30, 2023 and 150.0 million on June 30, 2024) and extend the scheduled maturity date of the credit facility to February 8, 2027. 
 
 Exit from Butane Optimization Business. In January 2023, we announced that we anticipate the exit of our butane optimization business at the conclusion of the butane selling season during the second quarter of 2023. Going forward, our intent is to operate as a fee-based butane logistics business, primarily utilizing our north Louisiana underground storage assets, which have both truck and rail capability. This logistics business will also utilize our truck transportation assets for fee-based product movements. As a result of this new business model, we anticipate no longer carrying butane inventory going forward, eliminating commodity risk, reducing cash flow and earnings volatility, and substantially reducing working capital requirements. 
 3 

Electronic Level Sulfuric Acid Joint Venture. On October 19, 2022, Martin ELSA Investment LLC, our affiliate, entered into definitive agreements with Samsung C T America, Inc. and Dongjin USA, Inc., an affiliate of Dongjin Semichem Co., Ltd., to form DSM Semichem LLC DSM ). DSM will produce and distribute electronic level sulfuric acid ELSA ). By leveraging our existing assets located in Plainview, Texas and installing additional facilities (the ELSA Facility as required, DSM will produce ELSA that meets the strict quality standards required by the recent advances in semiconductor manufacturing. In addition to owning a 10 non-controlling interest in DSM, we will be the exclusive provider of feedstock to the ELSA Facility. We, through our affiliate Martin Transport, Inc., ("MTI") will also provide land transportation services of the ELSA produced by DSM. The Partnership expects to fund approximately 20.0 million in aggregate capital expenditures in connection with this joint venture and the Partnership s related services in 2023 and 2024. 
 
 Divestiture of Stockton, California Sulfur Terminal. On October 7, 2022, we closed on the sale of our Stockton Sulfur Terminal to Gulf Terminals LLC for net proceeds of approximately 5.25 million, which were used to reduce outstanding borrowings under our credit facility. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 
 Quarterly Distribution. On January 23, 2023, we declared a quarterly cash distribution of 0.005 per common unit for the fourth quarter of 2022, or 0.02 per common unit on an annualized basis, which was paid on February 14, 2023 to unitholders of record as of February 7, 2023. 

Our Growth Strategy 
 
 The key components of our growth strategy are: 
 
 Establish Strategic Commercial Alliances . Many of our larger customers, which include major integrated energy companies, have established strategic alliances with midstream service providers such as us to address logistical and transportation challenges or to achieve operational synergies. We intend to utilize our industry knowledge, network of customers and suppliers, and strategic asset base to expand commercial alliances to drive revenue and cash flow growth in the future. 
 
 Spur Internal Organic Growth by Attracting New Customers and Expanding Services Provided to Existing Customers . Opportunities exist to expand our customer base and provide additional services and products to existing customers. We generally begin a relationship with a customer by transporting, storing or marketing a limited range of products and services. Expanding our customer base and our service and product offerings to existing customers is an efficient and cost effective method of achieving organic growth in revenues and cash flow. We plan to focus on growth in our business segments with a stronger economic outlook. 
 
 Pursue Organic Growth Projects . We continually evaluate organic expansion opportunities in existing areas of operation that will allow us to leverage our existing market position and increase the revenues from our existing assets through improved utilization and efficiency. 

Competitive Strengths 
 
 We believe we are well positioned to execute our business strategy because of the following competitive strengths: 
 
 Strategically Located Assets. A significant portion of our cash flow comes from providing various services to the oil refining industry. Accordingly, a significant portion of our assets are located in proximity to refining operations along the U.S. Gulf Coast. For example, our land transportation assets are based out of terminals strategically located to serve refineries and chemical companies across the U.S. Gulf Coast. Many of our sulfur services assets are located to source sulfur from the largest refinery sources in the U.S. Finally, our terminalling and storage assets are located in areas across the U.S. Gulf Coast to support our refinery-based customers. 
 
 Specialized Transportation Equipment and Storage Facilities. We have the assets and expertise to handle and transport an array of petroleum products and by-products with unique requirements for transportation and storage. For example, we own facilities and resources to transport a variety of specialty products, including ammonia, molten sulfur and asphalt. Some of these specialty products require treatment across a wide range of temperatures (between approximately -30 to +400 degrees Fahrenheit) to remain in liquid form, which our facilities are designed to accommodate. These capabilities help us enhance relationships with our customers by offering them specialized services to handle their unique product requirements. 
 4 

Strong Industry Reputation and Established Relationships with Suppliers and Customers. We have established a reputation in our industry as a reliable and cost-effective supplier of services to our customers and have a track record of safe and efficient operations at our facilities. Our management has also established long-term relationships with many of our suppliers and customers. We benefit from our management s reputation and track record and from these long-term relationships. We provide specialized value-added services to our customers and believe we have become an integral part of their value chain. 
 
 Fee-Based Contracts. We generate a significant amount of our cash flow from fee-based contracts with our customers, many of which are major and independent oil and gas companies with whom we have long-standing customer relationships. A majority of our fee-based contracts consist of reservation charges or minimum fee arrangements, which reduce the volatility of our cash flows due to volume fluctuations. 
 
 Vertically Integrated Services Provided for U.S. Gulf Coast-Centric Asset and Operational Footprint. We own and operate a diversified asset base that enables us to offer our customers an integrated distribution network consisting of terminalling, storage, packaging and other midstream logistical services for petroleum products and by-products in one of the world s most active refining and petrochemical regions. 
 
 Experienced Management Team and Operational Expertise . Members of our executive management team and the heads of our principal business lines have a significant amount of experience in the industries in which we operate. Our management team's experience and familiarity with our industry and businesses are important assets that assist us in implementing our business strategies. In addition, members of our senior management hold significant limited and general partner interests in us, which we believe aligns incentives with our investors. 
 
 Strong Parent Support . Martin Resource Management Corporation, owner of our general partner, which is privately owned, assumes a significant amount of the working capital demands and margin risk, providing stable fee-based cash flows to our limited partners. 

Terminalling and Storage Segment 
 
 Industry Overview. The U.S. petroleum distribution system moves petroleum products and by-products from oil refineries and natural gas processing facilities to end users. This distribution system is comprised of a network of terminals, storage facilities, pipelines, tankers, barges, railcars and trucks. Terminals play a key role in moving these products throughout the distribution system by providing storage, blending and other ancillary services. 
 
 Although many large energy and chemical companies own terminalling and storage facilities, these companies also use third-party terminalling and storage services. Major energy and chemical companies typically have a strong demand for terminals owned by independent operators when such terminals are strategically located at or near key transportation links, such as deep-water ports. Major energy and chemical companies also need independent terminal storage when their owned storage facilities are inadequate, either because of lack of capacity, the nature of the stored material or specialized handling requirements. 
 
 The Gulf Coast region of the U.S. is a major hub for petroleum refining. Approximately 50 of U.S. refining capacity exists in this region. Growth in the refining and natural gas processing industries has increased the volume of petroleum products and by-products that are transported within the Gulf Coast region of the U.S., which consequently has increased the need for terminalling and storage services. 
 
 The marine and offshore oil and gas exploration and production industries use terminal facilities in the Gulf Coast region of the U.S. as shore bases that provide them logistical support services as well as a broad range of products, including fuel oil, lubricants, chemicals and supplies. The demand for these types of terminals, services and products is driven primarily by offshore exploration, development and production in the Gulf of Mexico. Offshore activity is greatly influenced by current and projected prices of oil and natural gas and regulatory requirements. 
 
 Specialty Petroleum Terminals. We own or operate 13 terminalling facilities providing storage, handling and transportation of various petroleum products and by-products as well as the blending and packaging of naphthenic lubricants and automotive, commercial, industrial, and post-tension greases. The locations and capabilities of our terminals are structured to complement our other businesses and reflect our strategy to provide a broad range of integrated services in the storage, handling and transportation of products. We developed our terminalling and storage assets by acquisition and upgrades of 
 5 

existing facilities as well as developing our own properties strategically located near rail, waterways and pipelines. We anticipate further expansion of our terminalling facilities primarily through organic growth. 
 
 At the Neches, Stanolind, and Tampa terminals, our customers are primarily energy and petrochemical companies. In addition, Martin Resource Management Corporation pays us for terminalling and storage of asphalt at these facilities through a terminalling service agreement that includes a provision for minimum volume throughput requirements. We charge either a fixed monthly fee or a throughput fee for the use of services we perform at our facilities based on the capacity of the applicable tank. We conduct a substantial portion of our terminalling and storage operations under long-term contracts, which enhances the stability and predictability of our operations and cash flow. We attempt to balance our short-term and long-term terminalling contracts in order to allow us to maintain a consistent level of cash flow while maintaining flexibility to earn higher storage revenues when demand for storage space increases. In addition, a significant portion of the contracts for our specialty terminals provide for minimum fee arrangements that are not based on the volume handled. 
 
 In Smackover, Arkansas, we own a refinery where we process naphthenic crude oil into finished products that include naphthenic lubricants, distillates, asphalt and other intermediates. The refinery's capacity is dedicated to a subsidiary of Martin Resource Management Corporation through a long-term tolling agreement based on throughput rates and a monthly reservation fee. 
 
 In Smackover, Arkansas, we own and operate a terminal used for lubricant blending, processing, packaging, marketing and distribution. This terminal is used as our central hub for branded and private label packaged lubricants where we receive, package and ship heavy-duty, passenger car, and industrial lubricants to a network of retailers and distributors. 
 
 In Kansas City, Missouri, we lease and operate a plant that specializes in the production, packaging and distribution of automotive, commercial and industrial greases. In Houston, Texas, we own and operate a plant that specializes in the production and distribution of commercial and industrial greases. In Phoenix, Arizona, we lease and operate a plant that specializes in the production and distribution of commercial and industrial greases. 
 
 We own asphalt terminals in each of Hondo, South Houston, and Port Neches, Texas and Omaha, Nebraska, each dedicated to a subsidiary of Martin Resource Management Corporation through a terminalling service agreement based on throughput rates. 
 
 In Beaumont, Texas, we own a terminal ("Spindletop Terminal") where we receive natural gasoline via pipeline, store the natural gasoline in above ground tanks, and then ship the product to our customers via other pipelines to which the facility is connected, referred to as the "Spindletop Terminal." Our fees for the use of this facility are based on the volume of barrels shipped from the terminal under an arrangement that includes a provision for minimum volume throughput requirements. 
 
 The following is a summary description of our shore-based specialty terminals: 
 Terminal Location Aggregate Capacity (in barrels) Products Description Tampa 1 
 Tampa, Florida 662,000 Asphalt, crude oil, and diesel Marine terminal, loading/unloading for vessels, barges, railcars and trucks Stanolind Beaumont, Texas 620,000 Asphalt, crude oil, sulfur, and sulfuric acid Marine terminal, marine dock for loading/unloading of vessels, barges, railcars and trucks Neches 2 
 Beaumont, Texas 526,000 Molten sulfur, formed sulfur, ammonia, asphalt, fuel oil, crude oil and sulfur-based fertilizer Marine terminal, loading/unloading for vessels, barges, railcars and trucks 
 
 1 The terminal is located on land owned by the Tampa Port Authority that was leased to us under a lease that expires in December 2026. 
 
 2 The Neches terminal is a deep water marine terminal located near Beaumont, Texas, on approximately 50 acres of land owned by us, and an additional 96 acres leased to us under terms of a 20-year lease that commenced on May 1, 2014 with three five-year options. 
 
 6 

The following is a summary description of our non shore-based specialty terminals: 
 Terminal Location Aggregate Capacity Products Description Smackover Refinery Smackover, Arkansas 7,700 barrels per day; 275,000 barrels of crude bulk storage; 647,000 barrels of lubricant storage Naphthenic lubricants, distillates, asphalt, crude oil Naphthenic rude refining facility Martin Lubricants Smackover, Arkansas 4.0 million gallons bulk storage Agricultural, automotive, and industrial lubricants and grease Lubricants packaging facility Martin Specialty Products 1 
 Kansas City, Missouri 14 million pounds of production capacity Automotive, commercial and industrial greases Grease manufacturing and packaging facility Martin Specialty Products Houston, Texas 16 million pounds of production capacity Commercial and industrial greases Grease manufacturing and packaging facility Martin Specialty Products 2 
 Phoenix, Arizona 6 million pounds of production capacity Commercial and industrial greases Grease manufacturing and packaging facility Hondo Asphalt Hondo, Texas 182,000 barrels Asphalt Asphalt processing and storage South Houston Asphalt Houston, Texas 95,000 barrels Asphalt Asphalt processing and storage Port Neches Asphalt Port Neches, Texas 17,500 barrels Asphalt Asphalt processing and storage Omaha Asphalt Omaha, Nebraska 112,000 barrels Asphalt Asphalt processing and storage Spindletop Beaumont, Texas 90,000 barrels Natural gasoline Pipeline receipts and shipments 
 
 1 This terminal contains a warehouse owned by third parties and leased under a lease that expires in December 2025 and can be extended by us for one five-year period. 
 
 2 This terminal contains a warehouse owned by third parties and leased under a lease that expires in October 2024 and can be extended by us for one five-year period. 
 
 Marine Shore-Based Terminals. We own or operate 14 marine shore-based terminals along the U.S. Gulf Coast from Theodore, Alabama to Corpus Christi, Texas. Our terminalling assets are located at strategic distribution points for the products we handle and are in close proximity to our customers. We are one of the largest operators of marine shore-based terminals in the Gulf Coast region of the U.S. These terminals are used to distribute and market fuel and lubricants. Additionally, full service terminals also provide shore bases for companies that are operating in the offshore exploration and production industry. Customers are primarily oil and gas exploration and production companies and oilfield service companies, such as drilling fluid companies, marine transportation companies and offshore construction companies. Shore bases typically provide logistical support, including the storage and handling of tubular goods, loading and unloading bulk materials, providing facilities from which major and independent oil companies can communicate with and control offshore operations and leasing dockside facilities to companies which provide complementary products and services such as drilling fluids and cementing services. These contracts generally provide us a fixed land rental fee and additional rental fees that are determined based on a percentage of the sales value of the products and services delivered from the shore base. In addition, Martin Resource Management Corporation, through terminalling service agreements, pays us for terminalling and storage of fuels and lubricants at these terminal facilities and includes a provision for minimum volume throughput requirements. 
 
 Our marine shore-based terminals are divided into two classes of terminals: (i) full service terminals and (ii) fuel and lubricant terminals. 
 
 Full Service Terminals. We own or operate three full service terminals. These facilities provide logistical support services and storage and handling services for fuel and lubricants. The significant difference between our full service terminals and our fuel and lubricant terminals is that our full service terminals generate additional revenues by providing shore bases to support our customer s operating activities related to the offshore exploration and production industry. One typical use for our shore bases is for drilling fluids manufacturers to manufacture and sell drilling fluids to the offshore drilling industry. Offshore drilling companies may also set up service facilities at these terminals to support their offshore operations. Customers of our full service terminals are primarily oil and gas exploration and production companies, oilfield service companies such as drilling fluids companies, marine transportation companies and offshore construction companies. 
 
 7 

The following is a summary description of our full service terminals: 
 Terminal Location Aggregate Capacity (barrels) 
 End of Lease (Including Options) Harbor Island 1 
 Port Aransas, Texas 6,800 December 2039 Pelican Island Galveston, Texas 84,000 Own Theodore Theodore, Alabama 19,900 Own 
 
 1 A portion of this terminal is owned. 
 
 Fuel and Lubricant Terminals. We own or operate 11 fuel and lubricant terminals located in the Gulf Coast region of the U.S. that provide storage and handling services for lubricants and fuel oil. 
 
 The following is a summary description of our fuel and lubricant terminals at: Terminal Location Aggregate Capacity (barrels) 
 End of Lease (Including Options) Amelia Amelia, Louisiana 12,900 August 2023 Dock 193 3 
 Gueydan, Louisiana 11,000 May 2024 Fourchon Fourchon, Louisiana 80,900 May 2027 Fourchon 16 Fourchon, Louisiana 15,200 July 2048 Galveston T 2 
 Galveston, Texas 10,500 Own Jennings Bulk Plant Jennings, Louisiana 9,100 Own Lake Charles T Lake Charles, Louisiana 600 April 2023 Pascagoula 2, 4 
 Pascagoula, Mississippi 10,100 Own Port Arthur Port Arthur, Texas 16,300 November 2025 Port O'Connor 1 
 Port O'Connor, Texas March 2023 Sabine Pass 2 
 Sabine Pass, Texas 16,100 September 2036 
 
 1 This terminal is currently in caretaker status and the lease will not be renewed at the end of the current option. 
 
 2 This terminal is currently in caretaker status. 
 
 3 A portion of this terminal is owned. 
 
 4 On February 14, 2023, we closed on the sale of the Pascagoula terminal. 
 
 Competition. We compete with independent terminal operators and major energy and chemical companies that own their own terminalling and storage facilities. Many customers prefer to contract with independent terminal operators rather than terminal operators owned by integrated energy and chemical companies that may have refining or marketing interests that compete with the customers. 
 
 Independent terminal owners generally compete on the basis of the location and versatility of terminals, service and price. A favorably located terminal has access to various cost effective transportation modes, both to and from the terminal, such as waterways, railroads, roadways and pipelines. Terminal versatility depends upon the operator s ability to handle diverse products, some of which have complex or specialized handling and storage requirements. The service function of a terminal includes, among other things, the safe storage of product at specified temperature, moisture and other conditions and receiving and delivering product to and from the terminal. All of these services must be in compliance with applicable environmental and other regulations. 
 
 We successfully compete for terminal customers because of the strategic location of our terminals along the U.S. Gulf Coast, our integrated transportation services, our reputation, the prices we charge for our services and the quality and versatility of our services. Additionally, while some companies have significantly more terminalling and storage capacity than us, not all terminalling and storage facilities located in the markets we serve are equipped to properly handle specialty products such as asphalt, sulfur and anhydrous ammonia. 
 
 8 

The principal competitive factors affecting our terminals, which provide fuel and lubricants distribution and marketing, as well as shore bases at certain terminals, are the locations of the facilities, availability of competing logistical support services and the experience of personnel and dependability of service. The distribution and marketing of our lubricant products is brand sensitive and we encounter brand loyalty competition. Shore base rental contracts are generally long-term contracts and provide more protection from competition. Our primary competitors for both lubricants and shore bases include several independent operators as well as major companies that maintain their own similarly equipped marine terminals, shore bases and fuel and lubricant supply sources. 

Transportation Segment 
 
 Land Transportation 
 
 Industry Overview. The U.S. tank truck industry is segmented into fleet type, capacity, and product category. The energy and chemical sectors rely heavily on the transportation industry to assist in moving large volumes of petroleum products, petrochemicals, and chemicals. 
 
 Land Fleet. We operate a fleet of land transportation assets comprising approximately 700 trucks and 1,200 tank trailers that transport petroleum products and by-products, petrochemicals, and chemicals. Our land transportation assets operate out of 25 strategically located terminals throughout the U.S. Gulf Coast and Southeastern U.S. 
 
 The following is a listing of our terminals utilized in our land transportation business: 
 Terminal Locations Texas Louisiana Arkansas Other Baytown Arcadia West Memphis Theodore, Alabama Beaumont Baton Rouge Smackover Tampa, Florida Beaumont Lube Bossier City Stephens Hattiesburg, Mississippi Channelview Jennings Kenova, West Virginia Corpus Christi Lake Charles Tennessee Pace, Florida Kilgore Reserve Chattanooga Mulberry, Florida Longview Kingsport Plainview 
 
 Our major land transportation customers include energy, petrochemical, and chemical companies and Martin Resource Management Corporation. We conduct our land transportation services under fee-based transportation agreements with customers in which we have long term relationships. 
 
 We are party to a master transportation services agreement under which we provide land transportation services to Martin Resource Management Corporation on a demand basis at applicable market rates. The agreement will continue unless either party terminates the agreement by giving at least 30 days' written notice to the other party. The rates under this agreement are subject to any adjustments which are mutually agreed upon or in accordance with a price index. Additionally, shipping charges are also subject to fuel surcharges determined on a weekly basis in accordance with the U.S. Department of Energy s national diesel price list. 
 
 Competition. The U.S. tank truck market is highly competitive and fragmented, due to the presence of many small and medium-sized market participants. Driver availability plays a major role in each market participant's ability to generate revenue. Competition in our service regions is based primarily on freight rates, service, efficiency, and available capacity. 
 
 Marine Transportation 
 
 Industry Overview. The U.S. inland waterway system is composed of a network of interconnected rivers and canals that serve as water highways and is used to transport vast quantities of products annually. This waterway system extends approximately 26,000 miles, of which 12,000 miles are generally considered significant for domestic commerce. 
 
 The Gulf Coast region of the U.S. is a major hub for petroleum refining. The petroleum refining process generates products and by-products that require transportation in large quantities from the refinery or processor. Convenient access to and use of this waterway system by the petroleum and petrochemical industry is a major reason for the current location of U.S. 
 9 

refineries and petrochemical facilities. The marine transportation industry uses push boats and tugboats as power sources and tank barges for freight capacity. The combination of the power source and tank barge freight capacity is called a tow. 
 
 Marine Fleet. We utilize a fleet of inland and offshore tows that provide marine transportation of petroleum products and by-products produced in oil refining. Our marine transportation business operates coastwise along the Gulf of Mexico and east coast of the U.S., as well as on the U.S. inland waterway system, primarily between domestic ports along the Gulf of Mexico, Intracoastal Waterway, the Mississippi River system and the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway system. Our inland tows generally consist of one push boat and one to three tank barges, depending upon the horsepower of the push boat, the river or canal capacity and conditions, and customer requirements. Our offshore tow consists of one tugboat, with much greater horsepower than an inland push boat, and one large tank barge. We transport asphalt, fuel oil, gasoline, sulfur and other bulk liquids. 
 
 The following is a summary description of the marine vessels we use in our marine transportation business : Class of Equipment Number in Class Capacity/Horsepower Products Transported Inland tank barges 5 Under 20,000 barrels Diesel fuel Inland tank barges 22 20,000 - 31,000 barrels Asphalt, crude oil, fuel oil and gasoline Inland push boats 15 800 - 2,650 horsepower N/A Offshore tank barge 1 59,000 barrels Diesel fuel Offshore tugboat 1 7,100 horsepower N/A 
 
 Our largest marine transportation customers include major and independent oil and gas refining companies, petroleum marketing companies and Martin Resource Management Corporation. We conduct our marine transportation services on a fee basis primarily under spot contracts. 
 
 We are a party to a marine transportation agreement under which we provide marine transportation services to Martin Resource Management Corporation on a spot contract basis at applicable market rates. Effective each January 1, this agreement automatically renews for consecutive one-year periods unless either party terminates the agreement by giving written notice to the other party at least 60 days prior to the expiration of the then-applicable term. 
 
 Competition. We compete primarily with other marine transportation companies. Competition in this industry has historically been based primarily on price. However, customers are placing an increased emphasis on the age of equipment, safety, environmental compliance, quality of service and the availability of a single source of supply of services. 
 
 In addition to competitors that provide marine transportation services, we also compete with providers of other modes of transportation, such as rail, trucks and, to a lesser extent, pipelines. For example, a typical two-barge tow carries a volume of product equal to approximately 80 railcars or 250 tanker trucks. Pipelines generally provide a less expensive form of transportation than marine transportation. However, pipelines are not able to transport some of the products we transport and are generally a less flexible form of transportation because they are limited to the fixed point-to-point distribution of commodities in high volumes over extended periods of time. 

Sulfur Services Segment 
 
 Industry Overview. Sulfur is a natural element and is required to produce a variety of industrial products. Sulfur demand in the U.S. generally averages 8.5 million to 9.0 million tons annually, and is concentrated around large phosphate fertilizer operations primarily located in the southeastern parts of the country. Currently, all sulfur produced in the U.S. is "recovered sulfur," or sulfur that is a by-product from oil refineries and natural gas processing plants. Sulfur production in the U.S. is principally located along the U.S. Gulf Coast, along major inland waterways and in some areas of the western U.S. 
 
 Sulfur has long been recognized as essential for plant and animal growth and various other industrial purposes. The primary application of sulfur in fertilizers occurs in the form of sulfuric acid. Burning sulfur creates sulfur dioxide, which is subsequently oxidized and dissolved in water to create sulfuric acid. The sulfuric acid is then combined with ammonia and phosphate rock to manufacture phosphate as well as ammonium sulfate and ammonium thiosulfate fertilizers. 
 
 Sulfur-based fertilizers are manufactured chemicals containing nutrients known to improve the fertility of soils. Nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium and sulfur are the four most important nutrients for crop growth. These nutrients are found naturally in soils. However, soils used for agriculture become depleted of nutrients and require fertilizers rich in nutrients to restore fertility. 
 10 

Industrial sulfur products (including sulfuric acid) are used in a wide variety of industries. For example, these products are used in power plants, paper mills, auto and tire manufacturing plants, food processing plants, road construction, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals. 
 
 Our Operations and Products. We maintain an integrated system of transportation assets and facilities relating to our sulfur services. We gather molten sulfur from refiners, primarily located on the U.S. Gulf Coast. We transport sulfur by inland and offshore barges, railcars and trucks. In the U.S., recovered sulfur is mainly kept in liquid form from production to usage at a temperature of approximately 275 degrees Fahrenheit. Because of the temperature requirement, the sulfur industry uses specialized equipment to store and transport molten sulfur. We have the necessary assets and expertise to handle the unique requirements for transportation and storage of molten sulfur. 
 
 Terms for our standard purchase and sales contracts typically range from one to two years in length with prices that are usually tied to a published market indicator and fluctuate according to the price movement of the indicator. We also provide barge transportation and tank storage services to large producers and consumers of sulfur under contracts with remaining terms from one to five years in duration. 
 
 We operate a sulfur forming facility in Beaumont, Texas, which is used to convert molten sulfur into solid form (prills/granules). The Beaumont facility is equipped with two wet prill units and one granulation unit capable of processing a combined 5,500 metric tons of molten sulfur per day. Formed sulfur is stored in bulk until sold into local or international agricultural markets. Our forming services contracts are fee based and typically include minimum fee guarantees. 
 
 Fertilizer and related sulfur products are a natural extension of our molten sulfur business because of our access to sulfur and our distribution capabilities. 
 
 In the U.S., fertilizer is generally sold to farmers through local dealers. These dealers are typically owned and supplied by much larger wholesale distributors. We sell to these wholesale distributors. Our industrial sulfur products are marketed primarily in the southern U.S., where many paper manufacturers and power plants are located. Our products are sold in accordance with price lists that vary from state to state. These price lists are updated periodically to reflect changes in seasonal or competitive prices. We transport our fertilizer and industrial sulfur products to our customers using third-party common carriers. We utilize barge and rail shipments for large volume and long distance shipments where available. 
 
 We manufacture and market the following sulfur-based fertilizer and related sulfur products: 
 
 Ammonium sulfate products. We produce various grades of ammonium sulfate including granular, coarse, standard, and 40 ammonium sulfate solution. These products primarily serve direct application agricultural markets. We package these custom grade products under both proprietary and private labels and sell them to major retail distributors and other retail customers. Our ammonium sulfate plant produces approximately 400 tons per day of quality ammonium sulfate and is marketed to our customers throughout the U.S. 
 
 Liquid sulfur products. We produce ammonium thiosulfate at our Neches terminal facility in Beaumont, Texas. This agricultural sulfur product is a clear liquid containing 12 nitrogen and 26 sulfur. This product serves as a liquid plant nutrient used directly through spray rigs or irrigation systems. It is also blended with other nitrogen phosphorus potassium liquids or suspensions as well. Our market is predominantly the Mid-South U.S. and Coastal Bend area of Texas. 
 
 Plant nutrient sulfur products. We produce plant nutrient and agricultural ground sulfur products at our facilities in Odessa, Texas, Seneca, Illinois and Cactus, Texas. Our plant nutrient sulfur product is a 90 degradable sulfur product marketed under the Disper-Sul trade name and sold throughout the U.S. to direct application agricultural markets. 
 
 Industrial sulfur products. We produce industrial sulfur products such as elemental pastille sulfur, industrial ground sulfur products, and emulsified sulfur. We produce elemental pastille sulfur at our Odessa, Texas and Seneca, Illinois facilities. Elemental pastille sulfur is used to increase the efficiency of the coal-fired precipitators in the power industry. These industrial ground sulfur products are also used in a variety of dusting and wettable sulfur applications such as rubber manufacturing, fungicides, sugar and animal feeds. We produce emulsified sulfur at our Nash, Texas facility. Emulsified sulfur is primarily used to control the sulfur content in the pulp and paper manufacturing processes. 
 
 11 

Sulfuric acid. Sulfuric acid production facility at our Plainview, Texas location processes molten sulfur to produce a dedicated supply of raw material sulfuric acid to our ammonium sulfate production plant. The sulfuric acid produced and not consumed by the captive ammonium sulfate production is sold to third parties. 
 
 Our Sulfur Services Facilities. We own the following marine assets and use them to transport molten sulfur between U.S. Gulf Coast storage terminals (including our terminal in Beaumont, Texas) under third-party marine transportation agreements: 
 Class of Equipment Number in Class Capacity/Horsepower Products Transported Offshore tank barge 1 10,500 long tons Molten sulfur Offshore tugboat 1 5,100 horsepower N/A Inland push boat 1 1,200 horsepower N/A Inland tank barge 2 2,500 long tons Molten sulfur 
 
 We operate the following sulfur forming facility as part of our sulfur services business: 
 Terminal Location Daily Production Capacity Products Stored Neches Beaumont, Texas 5,500 metric tons per day Molten, prilled and granulated sulfur 
 
 We own the following manufacturing plants as part of our sulfur services business: 
 Facility Location Annual Capacity Description Fertilizer plant Plainview, Texas 150,000 tons Fertilizer production Fertilizer plant Beaumont, Texas 146,000 tons Liquid sulfur fertilizer production Fertilizer plant Odessa, Texas 35,000 tons Dry sulfur fertilizer production Fertilizer plant Seneca, Illinois 36,000 tons Dry sulfur fertilizer production Fertilizer plant Cactus, Texas 20,000 tons Dry sulfur fertilizer production Industrial sulfur plant Nash, Texas 18,000 tons Emulsified sulfur production Sulfuric acid plant Plainview, Texas 150,000 tons Sulfuric acid production 
 
 Competition. We own the LaForce/Margaret Sue articulated barge unit, which is one of four vessels currently used to transport molten sulfur between U.S. ports on the Gulf of Mexico and Tampa, Florida. Phosphate fertilizer manufacturers consume a majority of the sulfur produced in the U.S., which they purchase directly from both producers and resellers. As a reseller, we compete against producers and other resellers capable of accessing the required transportation and storage assets. Our sulfur-based fertilizer products compete with several large fertilizer and sulfur product manufacturers. However, the close proximity of our manufacturing plants to our customer base is a competitive advantage for us in the markets we serve and allows us to minimize freight costs and respond quickly to customer requests. Our sulfuric acid products compete with regional producers and importers in the South and Southwest portion of the U.S. from Louisiana to California. 
 
 Seasonality. Sales of our agricultural fertilizer products are partly seasonal as a result of increased demand during the growing season. 

Natural Gas Liquids Segment 
 
 Industry Overview. NGLs are produced through natural gas processing and as a by-product of crude oil refining. NGLs include ethane, propane, normal butane, iso butane and natural gasoline. 
 
 Ethane is almost entirely used as a petrochemical feedstock in the production of ethylene and propylene. Propane is used as a petrochemical feedstock in the production of ethylene and propylene, as a fuel for heating, for industrial applications, as motor fuel and as a refrigerant. Normal butane is used as a petrochemical feedstock, as a blend stock for motor gasoline and as a component in aerosol propellants. Normal butane can also be made into iso butane through isomerization. Iso butane is used in the production of motor gasoline, alkylation and as a component in aerosol propellants. Natural gasoline is used as a component of motor gasoline, as a petrochemical feedstock and as a diluent. 
 12 

Facilities. We purchase NGLs primarily from major domestic oil refiners and natural gas processors. We transport NGLs using MTI's land transportation fleet or by contracting with common carriers, owner-operators and railroad tank car transportation companies. We typically enter into annual contracts with independent retail propane distributors to deliver their estimated annual volume requirements based on prevailing market prices. Dependable delivery is very important to these customers and in some cases may be more important than price. We ensure adequate supply of NGLs through: 
 
 term purchase contracts; 
 
 storage of NGLs; 
 
 the transportation fleet owned by MTI; and 
 
 product management expertise to obtain supplies when needed. 
 
 The following is a summary description of our owned NGL facilities: NGL Facility Location Capacity Description Wholesale terminals Arcadia, Louisiana 2,200,000 barrels Underground and above ground NGL storage terminal Rail terminal Arcadia, Louisiana 24 railcars per day Railcar loading and unloading facility Spindletop storage facility Beaumont, Texas 90,695 barrels Above ground storage tank and pipeline connections 
 
 In addition to the owned NGL facilities above, we lease underground storage capacity at two locations under short-term lease agreements. 
 
 Our NGL customers consist of refiners, industrial processors and retail propane distributors. The majority of our NGL volumes are sold to refiners and industrial processors. 
 
 Seasonality. The level of NGL supply and demand is subject to changes in domestic production, weather, inventory levels and other factors. While production is not seasonal, residential, refinery, and wholesale demand is highly seasonal. This imbalance causes increases in inventories during summer months when consumption is low and decreases in inventories during winter months when consumption is high. In September, demand for normal butane typically increases with refineries entering the winter gasoline-blending season, resulting in upward pressure on prices. Abnormally cold weather can put extra upward pressure on propane prices during the winter. 
 
 Competition. We compete with large integrated NGL producers and marketers as well as small local independent marketers, primarily with respect to location, rates, terms and flexibility of service and supply. 
 
 Exit from Butane Optimization Business. In an effort to reduce borrowing costs, working capital needs, commodity risk exposure and earnings volatility, management intends to exit the butane optimization business at the conclusion of the butane selling season during the second quarter of 2023. Going forward, our intent is to operate as a fee-based butane logistics business, primarily utilizing our north Louisiana underground storage assets, which have both truck and rail capability. This logistics business will also utilize our truck transportation assets for fee-based product movements. As a result of this new business model, we anticipate no longer carrying butane inventory going forward, eliminating commodity risk, reducing cash flow and earnings volatility, and substantially reducing working capital requirements. 

Our Relationship with Martin Resource Management Corporation 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation is engaged in the following principal business activities: 
 
 distributing asphalt, marine fuel and other liquids; 
 
 providing marine bunkering and other shore-based marine services in Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida; 
 
 operating a crude oil gathering business in Stephens, Arkansas; 
 13 

providing crude oil gathering, refining, and marketing services of base oils, asphalt, and distillate products in Smackover, Arkansas; 
 
 providing crude oil marketing and transportation from the well head to the end market; 
 
 operating an environmental consulting company; 
 
 supplying employees and services for the operation of our business; and 
 
 operating, solely for our account, the asphalt facilities in Hondo, South Houston and Port Neches, Texas, and Omaha, Nebraska. 
 
 We are and will continue to be closely affiliated with Martin Resource Management Corporation as a result of the following relationships. 
 
 Ownership 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation owns approximately 15.7 of the outstanding limited partner units. In addition, following its acquisition of the remaining 49 voting interest (50 economic interest) in Holdings, which is the sole member of MMGP, Martin Resource Management Corporation indirectly owns 100 of MMGP, our general partner. MMGP owns a 2 general partner interest in us. 
 
 Management 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation directs our business operations through its ownership interests in and control of our general partner. We benefit from our relationship with Martin Resource Management Corporation through access to a significant pool of management expertise and established relationships throughout the energy industry. We do not have employees. Martin Resource Management Corporation employees are responsible for conducting our business and operating our assets on our behalf. 
 
 Related Party Agreements 
 
 The Omnibus Agreement with Martin Resource Management Corporation requires us to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for all direct expenses it incurs or payments it makes on our behalf or in connection with the operation of our business. We reimbursed Martin Resource Management Corporation for 161.6 million, 134.7 million and 125.3 million of direct costs and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There is no monetary limitation on the amount we are required to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for direct expenses. 
 
 In addition to the direct expenses, under the Omnibus Agreement, we are required to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for indirect general and administrative and corporate overhead expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the board of directors of our general partner approved reimbursement amounts of 13.5 million, 14.4 million and 16.4 million, respectively, reflecting our allocable share of such expenses. The board of directors of our general partner will review and approve future adjustments in the reimbursement amount for indirect expenses, if any, annually. These indirect expenses covered the centralized corporate functions Martin Resource Management Corporation provides for us, such as accounting, treasury, clerical, engineering, legal, billing, information technology, administration of insurance, environmental and safety compliance, general office expenses and employee benefit plans and other general corporate overhead functions we share with Martin Resource Management Corporation s retained businesses. The Omnibus Agreement also contains significant non-compete provisions and indemnity obligations. Martin Resource Management Corporation also licenses certain of its trademarks and trade names to us under the Omnibus Agreement. 
 
 Other agreements include, but are not limited to, a master transportation services agreement, marine transportation agreements, terminal services agreements, and a tolling agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Omnibus Agreement, we are prohibited from entering into certain material agreements with Martin Resource Management Corporation without the approval of the conflicts committee of our general partner ("Conflicts Committee"). 
 
 For a more comprehensive discussion concerning the Omnibus Agreement and the other agreements that we have entered into with Martin Resource Management Corporation, please see "Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence." 
 14 

Commercial 
 
 We have been and anticipate that we will continue to be both a significant customer and supplier of products and services offered by Martin Resource Management Corporation. In the aggregate, our purchases from Martin Resource Management Corporation accounted for approximately 17 , 16 , and 19 of our total costs and expenses during for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Correspondingly, Martin Resource Management Corporation is one of our significant customers. Our sales to Martin Resource Management Corporation accounted for approximately 9 , 9 , and 13 of our total revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 For a more comprehensive discussion concerning the Omnibus Agreement and the other agreements that we have entered into with Martin Resource Management Corporation, please see "Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence." 
 
 Approval and Review of Related Party Transactions 
 
 If we contemplate entering into a transaction, other than a routine or in the ordinary course of business transaction, in which a related person will have a direct or indirect material interest, the proposed transaction is submitted for consideration to the board of directors of our general partner or to our management, as appropriate. If the board of directors is involved in the approval process, it determines whether to refer the matter to the Conflicts Committee, as provided under our limited partnership agreement (the "Partnership Agreement"). If a matter is referred to the Conflicts Committee, it obtains information regarding the proposed transaction from management and determines whether to engage independent legal counsel or an independent financial advisor to advise the members of the committee regarding the transaction. If the Conflicts Committee retains such counsel or financial advisor, it considers such advice and, in the case of a financial advisor, such advisor s opinion as to whether the transaction is fair and reasonable to us and to our unitholders. 

Insurance 
 
 Our deductible for onshore physical damage resulting from named windstorms is 5 of the total value of affected properties with minimum deductible ranges from 1.0 million to 5.0 million. Our property program currently provides 40.0 million per occurrence and annual aggregate for named windstorm events, including business interruption coverage in connection with a named windstorm event and has a waiting period of 45 to 60 days. 
 
 For non-named windstorms or events, our onshore physical damage deductible is 1.195 million per occurrence for all properties. Business interruption coverage in connection with a non-named windstorm or event is subject to a 200.0 million per occurrence limit as the property damage coverage and has a waiting period of 30 to 45 days, except the Smackover Refinery which has a waiting period of 45 to 60 days. 
 
 We have various pollution liability policies, which provide coverages ranging from remediation of our property to third party liability. The limits of these policies vary based on our assessments of exposure at each location. 
 
 Loss of, or damage to, our vessels and cargo is insured through hull and cargo insurance policies. Vessel operating liabilities such as collision, cargo, environmental and personal injury are insured primarily through our participation in mutual insurance associations, commonly referred to as a P I Club, which provides protection and indemnity insurance, and other insurance arrangements. Such membership potentially exposes us to assessments, and/or calls, in the event claims by us or other members exceed available funds and insurance. Except for our marine operations, we self-insure against liability exposure up to a predetermined amount, beyond which we are covered by catastrophe insurance coverage. 
 
 For marine claims, our insurance covers up to 1.0 billion of liability per accident or occurrence. We believe our current insurance coverage is adequate to protect us against most accident related risks involved in the conduct of our business. However, there can be no assurance that all risks are adequately insured against, that any particular claim will be paid by the insurer, or that we will be able to procure adequate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates in the future. 

Environmental and Regulatory Matters 
 
 15 

Our activities are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as orders of regulatory bodies, governing a wide variety of matters, including marketing, production, pricing, community right-to-know, protection of the environment, safety and other matters. 
 
 Environmental 
 
 We are subject to complex federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to protection of human health, natural resources and the environment. These laws and regulations can impair our operations that affect the environment in many ways, such as requiring the acquisition of permits to conduct regulated activities; restricting the manner in which we can release materials into the environment; requiring remedial activities or capital expenditures to mitigate pollution from former or current operations; and imposing substantial liabilities on us for pollution resulting from our operations. Many environmental laws and regulations can impose joint and several, strict liability, and any failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil, and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory and remedial obligations, and, in some circumstances, the issuance of injunctions that can limit or prohibit our operations. 
 
 The continuing trend in environmental regulation is to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that may affect the environment, and, thus, any changes in environmental laws and regulations that result in more stringent and costly pollutant control or waste handling, storage, transport, disposal, or remediation requirements could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial position. Moreover, there is inherent risk of incurring significant environmental costs and liabilities in the performance of our operations due to our handling of petroleum products and by-products, chemical substances, and wastes as well as the accidental release or spill of such materials into the environment. Consequently, we cannot provide assurance that we will not incur significant costs and liabilities as result of such handling practices, releases or spills, including those relating to claims for damage to property and persons. In the event of future increases in costs, we may be unable to pass on those increases to our customers. While we believe that we are in substantial compliance with current environmental laws and regulations and that continued compliance with existing requirements would not have a material adverse impact on us, we cannot provide any assurance that our environmental compliance expenditures will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. 
 
 Superfund 
 
 The Federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, as amended, ("CERCLA"), also known as the "Superfund" law, and similar state laws, impose liability without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of "responsible persons," including the owner or operator of a site where regulated hazardous substances have been released into the environment and companies that disposed or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances found at such site. Under CERCLA, these responsible persons may be subject to joint and several strict liability for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources, and for the costs of certain health studies, and it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous substances into the environment. Although certain hydrocarbons are not subject to CERCLA s reach because "petroleum" is excluded from CERCLA s definition of a "hazardous substance," in the course of our ordinary operations we will generate wastes that may fall within the definition of a "hazardous substance." In addition, some state counterparts to CERCLA tie liability to a broader set of substances than does CERCLA. 
 
 Solid Waste 
 
 We generate both hazardous and nonhazardous solid wastes, which are subject to requirements of the federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended ("RCRA") and comparable state statutes. From time to time, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") has considered making changes in nonhazardous waste standards that would result in stricter disposal requirements for these wastes. Furthermore, it is possible some wastes generated by us that are currently classified as nonhazardous may in the future be designated as "hazardous wastes," resulting in the wastes being subject to more rigorous and costly disposal requirements. Changes in applicable regulations may result in an increase in our capital expenditures or operating expenses. 
 
 We currently own or lease, and have in the past owned or leased, properties that have been used for the manufacturing, processing, transportation and storage of petroleum products and by-products. Solid waste disposal practices within oil and gas related industries have improved over the years with the passage and implementation of various environmental laws and regulations. Nevertheless, a possibility exists that petroleum and other solid wastes may have been disposed of on or under various properties owned or leased by us during the operating history of those facilities. In addition, a number of these 
 16 

properties have been operated by third parties over whom we had no control as to such entities handling of petroleum, petroleum by-products or other wastes and the manner in which such substances may have been disposed of or released. State and federal laws and regulations applicable to oil and natural gas wastes and properties have gradually become more strict and, under such laws and regulations, we could be required to remove or remediate previously disposed wastes or property contamination, including groundwater contamination, even under circumstances where such contamination resulted from past operations of third parties. 
 
 Clean Air Act 
 
 Our operations are subject to the federal Clean Air Act ("CAA"), as amended, and comparable state statutes. The CAA contains provisions that may result in the imposition of increasingly stringent pollution control requirements with respect to air emissions from the operations of our terminal facilities, processing and storage facilities and fertilizer and related products manufacturing and processing facilities. Such air pollution control requirements may include specific equipment or technologies to control emissions, permits with emissions and operational limitations, pre-approval of new or modified projects or facilities producing air emissions, and similar measures. Failure to comply with applicable air statutes or regulations may lead to the assessment of administrative, civil or criminal penalties, and/or result in the limitation or cessation of construction or operation of certain air emission sources. We believe our operations, including our manufacturing, processing and storage facilities and terminals, are in substantial compliance with applicable requirements of the CAA and analogous state laws. 
 
 Climate Change . Scientific studies suggest that emissions of certain gases, commonly referred to as greenhouse gases ("GHGs") and including carbon dioxide and methane, may be contributing to warming of the Earth s atmosphere. In response to such studies, the U.S. Congress has from time to time considered climate change-related legislation to restrict GHG emissions. Many states have already taken legal measures to reduce emissions of GHGs, primarily through the planned development of GHG emission inventories and/or regional GHG cap and trade programs. Additionally, as a result of the April 2007 U.S. Supreme Court ruling in Massachusetts, et al. v. EPA deciding that the EPA has authority to regulate carbon dioxide emissions under the CAA, the EPA has taken several steps towards implementing regulations regarding the emission of GHGs. In 2009, the EPA issued a final rule declaring that six GHGs "endanger both the public health and the public welfare of current and future generations." The issuance of this "endangerment finding" allows the EPA to regulate GHG emissions under existing provisions of the federal CAA. 
 
 Further, in December 2015, over 190 countries, including the U.S., reached an agreement to reduce global GHG emissions ("Paris Agreement"). The Paris Agreement entered into force in November 2016, after over 70 countries, including the U.S., ratified or otherwise consented to be bound by the agreement. In November 2020, the U.S. formally withdrew from the Paris Agreement. However, on January 20, 2021, President Biden signed an Acceptance on Behalf of the United States of America that will allow the U.S. to rejoin the Paris Agreement. The newly signed acceptance, deposited with the United Nations on January 20, 2021, reverses the prior withdrawal. The U.S. officially rejoined the Paris Agreement on February 19, 2021. As part of rejoining the Paris Agreement, President Biden announced that the U.S. would commit to a 50 to 52 percent reduction from 2005 levels of GHG emissions by 2030 and set the goal of reaching net-zero GHG emissions by 2050. In addition, shortly after taking office in January 2021, President Biden issued a series of executive orders designed to address climate change, and new legislation to regulate GHG emissions has been periodically introduced into the U.S. Congress, but none have passed. Reentry into the Paris Agreement, new legislation, or President Biden s executive orders may result in the development of additional regulations or changes to existing regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and that of our customers. Several states and local governments have also stated their commitment to the principles of the Paris Agreement in their effectuation of policy and regulations. The United States Environmental Protection Agency has proposed strict new methane emission regulations for certain oil and gas facilities and the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA establishes a charge on methane emissions above certain limits from the same facilities. To date, such requirements have not had a substantial effect upon our operations. Still, new legislation or regulatory programs that restrict emissions of GHGs in areas in which we conduct business could adversely affect our operations and demand for our services. 
 
 Moreover, climate change could have an effect on the severity of weather (including hurricanes and floods), sea levels, the arability of farmland, and water availability and quality. If such effects were to occur, our operations have the potential to be adversely affected. Potential adverse effects could include disruption of our business activities, including, for example, damages to our facilities from powerful winds or floods, or increases in our costs of operation or reductions in the efficiency of our operations, as well as potentially increased costs for insurance coverages in the aftermath of such effects. Significant physical effects of climate change could also have an indirect effect on our financing and operations by disrupting the transportation or process related services provided by companies or suppliers with whom we have a business relationship. In addition, the demand for and consumption of our products and services (due to change in costs, consumer demand and weather patterns), and the economic health of the regions in which we operate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may not be able to recover through insurance some or any of the damages, losses or costs that may result from potential physical effects of climate change. 
 17 

Clean Water Act 
 
 The Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, as amended, also known the Clean Water Act and comparable state laws impose restrictions and strict controls regarding the discharge of pollutants, including hydrocarbon-bearing wastes, into state waters and waters of the U.S. Pursuant to the Clean Water Act and similar state laws, a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permit, or a state permit, or both, must be obtained to discharge pollutants into federal and state waters. In addition, the Clean Water Act and comparable state laws require that individual permits or coverage under general permits be obtained by subject facilities for discharges of storm water runoff. Furthermore, the Clean Water Act potentially requires individual permits or qualification for nationwide permits for activities that involve the discharge of dredged or fill material into waters of the U.S. In June 2015, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the Corps finalized a rule intended to clarify the meaning of the term "waters of the U.S.," which established the scope of regulated waters under the Clean Water Act. However, in October 2019, the subject rule was repealed and the pre-2015 regulatory text was re-codified. In April 2020, the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers issued the final Navigable Waters Protection Rule NWPR amending the definition of "water of the U.S." and replacing the EPA's October 2019 final rule. Judicial challenges to EPA s October 2019 and April 2020 final rules are currently before multiple federal district courts. Additionally, the rules are among agency actions listed for review in accordance with President Biden s January 20, 2021 Executive Order: "Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science to Tackle the Climate Crisis." On December 7, 2021, EPA and the Corps published a proposed rule titled the Revised Definition of Waters of the U.S. The proposed rule provides that EPA and the Corps will begin interpreting the WOTUS definition consistent with the Pre-2015 regulatory regime, generally referred to as the 1986 definition, subject to some amendments that reflect the agencies interpretation of the statutory limits on the WOTUS definition and Supreme Court precedent. The proposed rule, if finalized, would be expected to significantly expand federal jurisdiction as compared to the NWPR, and as such, we could face increased costs and delays with respect to obtaining permits for activities in jurisdictional waters, including wetlands. On December 30, 2022, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers announced the final Revised Definition of Waters of the United States rule, which was published on January 18, 2023 and becomes effective on March 20, 2023. This final rule, however, is the subject of various pending legal challenges. In addition, on January 24, 2022, the Supreme Court granted certiorari in the case of Sackett v. EPA to determine whether the Ninth Circuit set forth the proper test for determining whether wetlands are waters of the U.S. under the Clean Water Act. The Court s decision to take up this jurisdictional question will undoubtedly impact the agencies current rulemaking process addressing the same question. To the extent that any future Supreme Court decisions or final rules expand the scope of the Clean Water Act's jurisdiction, we could face increased costs and delays with respect to permitting. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with Clean Water Act permitting requirements as well as the conditions imposed thereunder, and that our continued compliance with such existing permit conditions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Oil Pollution Act 
 
 The Oil Pollution Act of 1990, as amended ("OPA") imposes a variety of regulations on "responsible parties" related to the prevention of oil spills and liability for damages resulting from such spills in U.S. waters. A "responsible party" includes the owner or operator of a facility or vessel or the lessee or permittee of the area in which an offshore facility is located. OPA assigns liability to each responsible party for oil removal costs and a variety of public and private damages including natural resource damages. Under OPA, vessels and shore facilities handling, storing, or transporting oil are required to develop and implement oil spill response plans, and vessels greater than 300 tons in weight must provide to the U.S. Coast Guard evidence of financial responsibility to cover the costs of cleaning up oil spills from such vessels. The OPA also requires that all newly constructed tank barges engaged in oil transportation in the U.S. be double hulled effective January 1, 2016. We believe we are in substantial compliance with all of the oil spill-related and financial responsibility requirements. Nonetheless, in the aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon incident in 2010, Congress has from time to time considered oil spill related legislation that could have the effect of substantially increasing financial responsibility requirements and potential fines and damages for violations and discharges subject to OPA, and similar legislation. Any such changes in law affecting areas where we conduct business could materially affect our operations. 
 
 Safety Regulation 
 
 The Partnership s marine transportation operations are subject to regulation by the U.S. Coast Guard, federal laws, state laws and certain international treaties. Tank ships, push boats, tugboats and barges are required to meet construction and repair standards established by the American Bureau of Shipping, a recognized classification society, and the U.S. Coast Guard and to meet operational and safety standards presently established by the U.S. Coast Guard. We believe our marine operations and our terminals are in substantial compliance with current applicable safety requirements. 
 
 Occupational Safety and Health Regulations 
 
 18 

The workplaces associated with our manufacturing, processing, terminal and storage facilities are subject to the requirements of the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act ("OSH Act") and comparable state statutes. We believe we have conducted our operations in substantial compliance with OSH Act requirements, including general industry standards, record keeping requirements and monitoring of occupational exposure to regulated substances. Our marine vessel operations are also subject to safety and operational standards established and monitored by the U.S. Coast Guard. 
 
 In general, we expect to increase our expenditures relating to compliance with likely higher industry and regulatory safety standards such as those described above. These expenditures cannot be accurately estimated at this time, but we do not expect them to have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Jones Act 
 
 The Jones Act is a federal law that restricts maritime transportation between locations in the U.S. to vessels built and registered in the U.S. and owned and manned by U.S. citizens. Since we engage in maritime transportation between locations in the U.S., we are subject to the provisions of the law. As a result, we are responsible for monitoring the ownership of our subsidiaries that engage in maritime transportation and for taking any remedial action necessary to ensure that no violation of the Jones Act ownership restrictions occurs. The Jones Act also requires that all U.S.-flagged vessels be manned by U.S. citizens. Foreign-flagged seamen generally receive lower wages and benefits than those received by U.S. citizen seamen. This requirement significantly increases operating costs of U.S.-flagged vessel operations compared to foreign-flagged vessel operations. Certain foreign governments subsidize their nations shipyards. This results in lower shipyard costs both for new vessels and repairs than those paid by U.S.-flagged vessel owners. The U.S. Coast Guard and American Bureau of Shipping maintain a stringent regimen of vessel inspections, which tends to result in higher regulatory compliance costs for U.S.-flagged operators than for owners of vessels registered under foreign flags of convenience. 
 
 Merchant Marine Act of 1936 
 
 The Merchant Marine Act of 1936 is a federal law that provides that, upon proclamation by the President of the U.S. of a national emergency or a threat to the national security, the U.S. Secretary of Transportation may requisition or purchase any vessel or other watercraft owned by U.S. citizens (including us, provided that we are considered a U.S. citizen for this purpose). If one of our push boats, tugboats or tank barges were purchased or requisitioned by the U.S. government under this law, we would be entitled to be paid the fair market value of the vessel in the case of a purchase or, in the case of a requisition, the fair market value of charter hire. However, if one of our push boats or tugboats is requisitioned or purchased and its associated tank barge is left idle, we would not be entitled to receive any compensation for the lost revenues resulting from the idled barge. We also would not be entitled to be compensated for any consequential damages we suffer as a result of the requisition or purchase of any of our push boats, tugboats or tank barges. 
 
 Transportation Regulations 
 
 Our trucking operations are subject to regulation by the U.S. Department of Transportation and by various state agencies under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Act and the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act and analogous state laws. These regulatory authorities exercise broad powers, governing activities such as the authorization to engage in motor carrier operations, regulatory safety, driver licensing and insurance requirements, and the shipment and packaging of hazardous materials. Additional regulations apply specifically to the trucking industry, including testing and specification of equipment and product handling requirements. The trucking industry is subject to possible regulatory and legislative changes that may affect the economics of the industry by requiring changes in operating practices or by changing the demand for common or contract carrier services or the cost of providing truckload services. Some of these possible changes include increasingly stringent environmental regulations; changes in the hours of service regulations which govern the amount of time a driver may drive or work in any specific period; onboard black box recorder device requirements; or limits on vehicle weight and size. Moreover, various legislative proposals are occasionally introduced, including proposals to increase federal, state, or local taxes on motor fuels, among other things, which may increase our costs or adversely impact the recruitment of drivers. We cannot predict whether, or in what form, any increase in such taxes applicable to us will be enacted. 

Human Capital 
 
 We do not have any employees. Under our Omnibus Agreement with Martin Resource Management Corporation, Martin Resource Management Corporation provides us with corporate staff and support services. These services include centralized corporate functions, such as accounting, treasury, engineering, information technology, insurance, administration of employee benefit plans and other corporate services. Martin Resource Management Corporation has approximately 1,570 employees of which 1,230 individuals, including 57 individuals represented by labor unions, provide direct support to our 
 19 

operations as of December 31, 2022. Martin Resource Management Corporation employees are responsible for conducting our business and operating our assets on our behalf. In addition, we benefit from our relationship with Martin Resource Management Corporation through access to a significant pool of management expertise and established relationships throughout the energy industry. 
 
 Financial Information about Segments 
 
 Information regarding our operating revenues and identifiable assets attributable to each of our segments is presented in Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Access to Public Filings 
 
 We provide public access to our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the Exchange Act. These documents may be accessed free of charge on our website at the following address: www.MMLP.com. These documents are provided as soon as is reasonably practicable after their filing with the SEC. This website address is intended to be an inactive, textual reference only, and none of the material on this website is part of this report. These documents may also be found at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Limited partner interests are inherently different from the capital stock of a corporation, although many of the business risks to which we are subject are similar to those that would be faced by a corporation engaged in a business similar to ours. If any of the following risks were actually to occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In this case, we might not be able to pay distributions on our common units, the trading price of our common units could decline and unitholders could lose all or part of their investment. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other detailed information concerning us set forth herein, including our accompanying financial statements and notes and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included herein. 
 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 The following is a summary of risk factors that could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or our ability to make quarterly distributions to our unitholders: 
 We may not have sufficient cash after the establishment of cash reserves and payment of our general partner's expenses to enable us to pay a distribution each quarter. Restrictions in our debt instruments could prevent us from making distributions to our unitholders or limit our ability to pursue opportunities that would increase our distributions to unitholders. Demand for a portion of our terminalling and storage services is substantially dependent on the level of offshore oil and gas exploration, development and production activity. We have a significant amount of indebtedness. Debt we owe or incur in the future could limit our flexibility to obtain financing, to pursue other business opportunities, and to pay distributions to our unitholders. We have significant capital needs, and our ability to access the capital and credit markets to raise capital on favorable terms is limited by our debt level, industry conditions, and financial covenants in our debt instruments. Fluctuations in interest rates could materially affect our financial results We are exposed to counterparty risk in our credit facility and hedging agreements and we may not be able to access funds under our credit facility if there is a default. We are exposed to counterparty credit risk. Nonpayment and nonperformance by our customers, suppliers or vendors could reduce our revenues, increase our expenses and otherwise have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business, operating results, cash flows and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Our future acquisitions may not be successful, may substantially increase our indebtedness and contingent liabilities and may create integration difficulties. Our and our customers operations are subject to a series of risks arising out of the threat of climate change that could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for our services. Subsidence and coastal erosion could damage our facilities along the U.S. Gulf Coast and offshore and the facilities of our customers, which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. Adverse weather conditions, including droughts, hurricanes, tropical storms, ice storms, extreme cold weather and other severe weather, could reduce our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. If we incur material liabilities that are not fully covered by insurance, such as liabilities resulting from accidents on rivers or at sea, spills, fires or explosions, our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders could be adversely affected. 
 20 

The price volatility of petroleum products and by-products could reduce our liquidity and results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. We could incur losses due to impairment in the carrying value of our long-lived assets 
 Increasing energy prices could adversely affect our results of operations. Decreasing energy prices could adversely affect our results of operations. The natural decline in production in our operating regions and in other regions from which we source NGL supplies means our long-term success depends on our ability to obtain new sources of supplies of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil, which depends on certain factors beyond our control. Any decrease in supplies of natural gas, NGLs or crude oil could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Our NGL and sulfur-based fertilizer products are subject to seasonal demand and could cause our revenues to vary. The highly competitive nature of our industry could adversely affect our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Our business is subject to compliance with environmental laws and regulations that could expose us to significant costs and liabilities and adversely affect our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 The loss or insufficient attention of key personnel could negatively impact our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Our loss of significant commercial relationships with Martin Resource Management Corporation could adversely impact our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Our business could be adversely affected if operations at our transportation, terminalling and storage and distribution facilities experienced significant interruptions. Our business could also be adversely affected if the operations of our customers and suppliers experienced significant interruptions. If third-party pipelines and other facilities interconnected to our terminals become partially or fully unavailable to transport natural gas, NGLs and crude oil, our revenues could be adversely affected. 
 NASDAQ does not require a publicly traded partnership like us to comply with certain of its corporate governance requirements, and therefore, unitholders do not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of corporations subject to all NASDAQ requirements. Our marine transportation business could be adversely affected if we do not satisfy the requirements of the Jones Act or if the Jones Act were modified or eliminated. Our marine transportation business could be adversely affected if the U.S. Government purchases or requisitions any of our vessels under the Merchant Marine Act. Changes in transportation regulations may increase our costs and negatively impact our results of operations. Our interest rate swap activities could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, profitability, liquidity, cash flows and financial condition. A downgrade of our credit ratings could impact our liquidity, access to capital and costs of doing business, and maintaining credit ratings is under the control of independent third parties. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect our business and operating results. Information technology systems present potential targets for cyber security attacks, which could adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection data protection laws ). Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, increased cost of operations, or otherwise harm our business. 
 Units available for future sales by us or our affiliates could have an adverse impact on the price of our common units or on any trading market that may develop. Unitholders have less power to elect or remove management of our general partner than holders of common stock in a corporation. It is unlikely that our common unitholders will have sufficient voting power to elect or remove our general partner without consent of Martin Resource Management Corporation and its affiliates. Our general partner's discretion in determining the level of our cash reserves may adversely affect our ability to make cash distributions to our unitholders. Unitholders may not have limited liability if a court finds that we have not complied with applicable statutes or that unitholder action constitutes control of our business. Our Partnership Agreement contains provisions that reduce the remedies available to unitholders for actions that might otherwise constitute a breach of fiduciary duty by our general partner. We may issue additional common units without unitholder approval, which would dilute unitholder ownership interests. The control of our general partner may be transferred to a third party and that party could replace our current management team, without unitholder consent. Our general partner has a limited call right that may require unitholders to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price. Our common units have a limited trading volume compared to other publicly traded securities. Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our unit price. Cash reimbursements due to Martin Resource Management Corporation may be substantial and will reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Martin Resource Management Corporation has conflicts of interest and limited fiduciary responsibilities, which may permit it to favor its own interest to detriment of our unitholders. Martin Resource Management Corporation and its affiliates may engage in limited competition with us. 
 21 

If Martin Resource Management Corporation were ever to file for bankruptcy or otherwise default on its obligations under its credit facility, amounts we owe under our credit facility may become immediately due and payable and our results of operations could be adversely affected. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") could treat us as a corporation for tax purposes, which would substantially reduce the cash available for distribution to unitholders. The tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in our units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. A successful IRS contest of the federal income tax positions we take could adversely affect the market for our common units and the costs of any contest will be borne by our unitholders, debt security holders and our general partner. If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns, it may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustment directly from us, in which case our cash available for distribution to our unitholders might be substantially reduced. Unitholders may be required to pay taxes on income from us, including their share of income from the cancellation of debt, even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us. Tax gain or loss on the disposition of our common units could be different than expected. Unitholders may be subject to limitations on their ability to deduct interest expenses incurred by us. Tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons face unique tax issues from owning common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them. We treat a purchaser of our common units as having the same tax benefits without regard to the seller's identity. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of the common units. Entity level taxes on income from C Corporation subsidiaries will reduce cash available for distribution, and an individual unitholder's share of dividend and interest income from such subsidiaries would constitute portfolio income that could not be offset by the unitholder's share of our other losses or deductions. Unitholders may be subject to state, local and foreign taxes and return filing requirements as a result of investing in our common units. There are limits on the deductibility of our losses that may adversely affect our unitholders. We prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our units each month based upon the ownership of our units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. A unitholder whose units are loaned to a "short seller" to cover a short sale of units may be considered as having disposed of those units. If so, he would no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan and may recognize gain or loss from the disposition. We have adopted certain valuation methodologies and monthly conventions for U.S. federal income tax purposes that may result in a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of our units. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 
 Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, the risks set forth below. The risks described below should not be considered to be comprehensive and all-inclusive. Many of such factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Unitholders are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we currently think are immaterial may also impair our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not have sufficient cash after the establishment of cash reserves and payment of our general partner's expenses to enable us to pay a distribution each quarter. 
 
 We may not have sufficient available cash each quarter in the future to pay distributions on our units. Under the terms of our Partnership Agreement, we must pay our general partner's expenses and set aside any cash reserve amounts before making a distribution to our unitholders. The amount of cash we can distribute on our common units principally depends upon the amount of net cash generated from our operations, which will fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on, among other things: 
 
 the costs of acquisitions, if any; 
 
 the prices of petroleum products and by-products; 
 
 fluctuations in our working capital; 
 
 the level of capital expenditures we make; 
 
 restrictions contained in our debt instruments and our debt service requirements; 
 
 our ability to make working capital borrowings under our credit facility; and 
 22 

the amount, if any, of cash reserves established by our general partner in its discretion. 
 
 Unitholders should also be aware that the amount of cash we have available for distribution depends primarily on our cash flow, including cash flow from working capital borrowings, and not solely on profitability, which will be affected by non-cash items. Other than the requirement in our Partnership Agreement to distribute all of our available cash each quarter, we have no legal obligation to declare quarterly cash distributions, and our general partner has considerable discretion to determine the amount of our available cash each quarter. In addition, our general partner determines the amount and timing of asset purchases and sales, capital expenditures, borrowings, issuances of additional partnership securities and the establishment of reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash available for distribution to our unitholders. As a result, we may make cash distributions during periods when we record losses and may not make cash distributions during periods when we record net income. 
 
 Restrictions in our debt instruments could prevent us from making distributions to our unitholders or limit our ability to pursue opportunities that would increase our distributions to unitholders. 
 
 The payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness reduces the cash available for distribution to our unitholders. In addition, our credit facility and the indenture governing our secured notes severely restrict our ability to make distributions until our total leverage ratio (as defined in the applicable debt instruments) is less than 3.75 to 1.00 (under the indenture) and 4.50 to 1.00 (under our credit facility), pro forma first lien leverage is less than 1.00 to 1.00, and our pro forma liquidity is greater than or equal to 35 of the commitments under our credit facility. After deleveraging, the covenants in our debt instruments will continue to restrict our ability to make distributions, including a prohibition in our credit facility from making cash distributions during a default or an event of default under our credit facility or if the payment of a distribution would cause a default or an event of default thereunder. Our leverage and various limitations in our debt instruments may reduce our ability to incur additional debt, engage in certain transactions, and capitalize on acquisition or other business opportunities that could increase cash flows and distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 Demand for a portion of our terminalling and storage services is substantially dependent on the level of offshore oil and gas exploration, development and production activity. 
 
 The level of offshore oil and gas exploration, development and production activity historically has been volatile and is likely to continue to be so in the future. The level of activity is subject to large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in a variety of factors that are beyond our control, including: 
 
 prevailing oil and natural gas prices and expectations about future prices and price volatility; 
 
 the ability of exploration and production companies to drill in other basins that have more attractive rates of return; 
 
 the cost of offshore exploration for and production and transportation of oil and natural gas; 
 
 worldwide demand for oil and natural gas (e.g., the reduced demand following the recent COVID-19 pandemic; 
 
 consolidation of oil and gas and oil service companies operating offshore; 
 
 availability and rate of discovery of new oil and natural gas reserves in offshore areas; 
 
 local and international political and economic conditions and policies; 
 
 technological advances affecting energy production and consumption; 
 
 weather conditions; 
 
 climate change; 
 
 environmental regulation; and 
 
 the ability of oil and gas companies to generate or otherwise obtain funds for exploration and production 
 23 

As a result of the decline in commodity prices over the last several years, offshore development activity in the Gulf of Mexico declined substantially, diminishing demand for our terminalling and storage services. We can offer no assurance whether or when those activity levels will improve. Even if such activity levels improve, we expect such activity to continue to be volatile and affect demand for our terminalling and storage services. 
 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness. Debt we owe or incur in the future could limit our flexibility to obtain financing, to pursue other business opportunities, and to pay distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 516.1 million in principal amount of debt outstanding (including 171.0 million outstanding under our credit facility). Our indebtedness could have important consequences, including the following: 
 
 our ability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes may be impaired or such financing may not be available on favorable terms; 
 
 our funds available for operations, future business opportunities and distributions to unitholders will be reduced by that portion of our cash flows required to make interest payments on the debt; 
 
 we may be more vulnerable to competitive pressures or a downturn in our business or the economy generally; 
 
 we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage relative to competitors with lower levels of indebtedness in relation to their overall size, or those that have less restrictive terms governing their indebtedness, thereby enabling competitors to take advantage of opportunities that our indebtedness may prevent us from pursuing; and 
 
 our flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions may be limited. 
 
 Our ability to service our debt will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. If our operating results are not sufficient to service any current or future indebtedness, we will be forced to take actions such as further reducing distributions, reducing or delaying our business activities, acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures, selling assets or seeking additional equity capital. We may not be able to effect any of these actions on satisfactory terms or at all. Further, agreements we may enter into in the future governing our indebtedness could further restrict our ability to make quarterly distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 We have significant capital needs, and our ability to access the capital and credit markets to raise capital on favorable terms is limited by our debt level, industry conditions, and financial covenants in our debt instruments. 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity to meet operating expenses, service our indebtedness, pay distributions to our unitholders and fund capital expenditures have historically been provided by cash flows generated by our operations, borrowings under our credit facility and access to the debt and equity capital markets. Accessing capital in the capital markets has become difficult for many companies in the energy industry, in particular leveraged companies similar to us. Low and volatile commodity prices have also caused and may continue to cause lenders to increase interest rates, enact tighter lending standards, refuse to refinance existing debt around maturity on favorable terms or at all and may reduce or cease to provide funding to borrowers. Our inability to access the capital or credit markets on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity and our ability to repay or refinance our debt. 
 
 The covenants in our debt instruments restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness. For instance, while our credit facility had 275.0 million in lender commitments at December 31, 2022, the amount we were able to borrow was limited by the financial covenants contained therein. 
 
 Fluctuations in interest rates could materially affect our financial results 
 
 Borrowings under our credit facility are at variable rates. Because a portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates, increases in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense. Based on our floating rate debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022, a 100 basis point increase in interest rates on this amount of debt would result in an increase in interest expense and a corresponding decrease in net income of approximately 1.7 million annually. 
 24 

We are exposed to counterparty risk in our credit facility and hedging agreements and we may not be able to access funds under our credit facility if there is a default. 
 
 We rely on our credit facility to assist in financing a significant portion of our working capital, acquisitions and capital expenditures. Our ability to borrow under our credit facility may be impaired because: 
 
 one or more of our lenders may be unable or otherwise fail to meet its funding obligations; 
 
 the lenders do not have to provide funding if there is a default under the credit facility or if any of the representations or warranties included in the credit facility are false in any material respect; and 
 
 if any lender refuses to fund its commitment for any reason, whether or not valid, the other lenders are not required to provide additional funding to make up for the unfunded portion. 
 
 If we are unable to access funds under our credit facility, we will need to meet our capital requirements, including some of our short-term capital requirements, using other sources. Alternative sources of liquidity may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. If the cash generated from our operations or the funds we are able to obtain under our credit facility or other sources of liquidity are not sufficient to meet our capital requirements, then we may need to delay or abandon capital projects or other business opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, we have from time to time entered into hedging agreements to manage our interest rate and commodity risk exposure. If the counterparties fail to honor their commitments, we could experience higher interest rates or commodity price risk, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are exposed to counterparty credit risk. Nonpayment and nonperformance by our customers, suppliers or vendors could reduce our revenues, increase our expenses and otherwise have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business, operating results, cash flows and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 Weak economic conditions and widespread financial distress could reduce the liquidity of our customers, suppliers or vendors, making it more difficult for them to meet their obligations to us. We are therefore subject to risks of loss resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers. Severe financial problems encountered by our customers could limit our ability to collect amounts owed to us, or to enforce the performance of obligations owed to us under contractual arrangements. In the event that any of our customers was to enter into bankruptcy, we could lose all or a portion of the amounts owed to us by such customer, and we may be forced to cancel all or a portion of our contracts with such customer at significant expense to us. 
 
 In addition, nonperformance by suppliers or vendors who have committed to provide us with critical products or services could raise our costs or interfere with our ability to successfully conduct our business. 
 
 Our future acquisitions may not be successful, may substantially increase our indebtedness and contingent liabilities and may create integration difficulties. 
 
 We may not be able to successfully integrate any future acquisitions into our existing operations or achieve the desired profitability from such acquisitions. These acquisitions may require substantial capital expenditures and the incurrence of additional indebtedness. If we make acquisitions, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly. Further, any acquisition could result in: 
 
 post-closing discovery of material undisclosed liabilities of the acquired business or assets; 
 
 the unexpected loss of key employees or customers from the acquired businesses; 
 
 difficulties resulting from our integration of the operations, systems and management of the acquired business; and 
 
 an unexpected diversion of our management's attention from other operations. 
 
 25 

If any future acquisitions are unsuccessful or result in unanticipated events or if we are unable to successfully integrate acquisitions into our existing operations, such acquisitions could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 Our and our customers operations are subject to a series of risks arising out of the threat of climate change that could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for our services. 
 
 The threat of climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the U.S. and in foreign countries. Numerous proposals have been made and could continue to be made at the international, national, regional, and state levels to monitor and limit existing emissions of GHGs as well as to restrict or eliminate such future emissions. As a result, our operations, as well as the operations of our customers, are subject to a series of regulatory, political, financial, and litigation risks associated with the processing, terminalling, storage, and transportation of fossil fuels, petroleum products, and emission of GHGs. 
 
 In the U.S., no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level. However, the EPA has adopted rules that, among other things, establish construction and operating permit reviews for GHG emissions from certain large stationary sources, require the monitoring and annual reporting of GHG emissions from certain petroleum and natural gas system sources in the U.S., and implement New Source Performance Standards directing the reduction of methane from certain new, modified, or reconstructed facilities in the oil and natural gas sector, including midstream sources. The United States Environmental Protection Agency has proposed strict new methane emission regulations for certain oil and gas facilities and the IRA establishes a charge on methane emissions above certain limits from the same facilities. Despite potential changes with respect to the federal regulation of GHGs, various states and groups of states have adopted or are considering adopting legislation, regulations, or other regulatory initiatives that are focused on such areas as GHG cap and trade programs, carbon taxes, reporting and tracking programs, and various other measures that would restrict emissions of GHGs from different industrial sectors. At the international level, pursuant to the Paris Agreement, over 190 countries have committed to limiting their GHG emissions through individually-determined reduction goals every five years after 2020. In November 2020, the U.S. formally withdrew from the Paris Agreement. However, on January 20, 2021, President Biden signed an Acceptance on Behalf of the U.S., and the U.S. officially rejoined the Paris Agreement on February 19, 2021. As part of rejoining the Paris Agreement, President Biden announced that the U.S. would commit to a 50 to 52 percent reduction from 2005 levels of GHG emissions by 2030 and set the goal of reaching net-zero GHG emissions by 2050. State, federal, and international regulatory measures have the potential to increase our operating costs through direct regulation of GHG emissions resulting from our operations, and could also indirectly adversely affect our operations by decreasing demand for our services and products. 
 
 For example, our business could be impacted by initiatives to address greenhouse gases and climate change and incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources. For example, the IRA, signed into law in August 2022 by President Biden, includes incentives to increase renewable energy, such as wind and solar electric generation, and encourages consumers to use these alternative energy sources. The IRA and similar state or federal initiatives to incentivize a shift away from fossil fuels could reduce demand for hydrocarbons, thereby reducing demand for our products and services and negatively impacting our business. 
 
 Additionally, there are increasing potential financial risks for fossil fuel energy companies as environmental activists concerned about the potential effects of climate change are focusing intensive lobbying efforts on institutional lenders, including financial institutions and institutional investors, not to provide funding to such companies. Institutional lenders may, of their own accord, elect not to provide funding to fossil fuel energy companies based on climate change concerns. Limitation of investments in fossil fuel energy companies could result in the restriction, delay, or cancellation of drilling programs or development or production activities of our customers, and, consequently, reduce their demand for our services. 
 
 Separately, increased attention to climate change risks has increased the possibility of claims brought by public and private entities against energy companies in connection with their GHG emissions and alleged damages resulting from the alleged physical impacts of climate change, such as flooding, coastal erosion, and severe weather events. While courts have generally declined to assign direct liability for climate change to large sources of GHG emissions, new claims for damages and increased government scrutiny, especially from state and local governments, will likely continue. While we are not currently party to any such private litigation, we could be named in future actions making similar claims of liability. Moreover, societal pressures or political or other factors may shape the success of such claims, without regard to the company s causation of or contribution to the asserted damage, or to other mitigating factors. 
 
 The adoption and implementation of new or more stringent international, federal, or state legislation, regulations, or other regulatory initiatives that impose more stringent standards for GHG emissions from oil and natural gas producers or their midstream services providers such as ourselves could result in increased costs of compliance or costs of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for or erode value for, the petroleum products and by-products that we process, store and transport. 
 26 

Additionally, political, financial, and litigation risks may result in our customers restricting or cancelling oil and natural gas production activities, which could result in reduced demand for our services. We may also suffer claims for infrastructure damages allegedly caused by climactic changes or be unable to continue to operate in an economic manner. One or more of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Subsidence and coastal erosion could damage our facilities along the U.S. Gulf Coast and offshore and the facilities of our customers, which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our assets and operations along the U.S. Gulf Coast and offshore could be impacted by subsidence and coastal erosion. Such processes potentially could cause serious damage to our terminal facilities, which could affect our ability to provide our processing, terminalling, storage and transportation services in the manner presently provided or in a manner consistent with our present plans. Additionally, such processes could impact our customers who operate along the U.S. Gulf Coast, and they may be unable to utilize our services. Subsidence and coastal erosion could also expose our operations to increased risk associated with severe weather conditions, such as hurricanes, flooding, and rising sea levels. As a result, we may incur significant costs to repair and preserve our facilities. Such costs could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 Adverse weather conditions, including droughts, hurricanes, tropical storms, ice storms, extreme cold weather and other severe weather, could reduce our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 Our distribution network and operations are primarily concentrated in the Gulf Coast region of the U.S. and along the Mississippi River inland waterway. Weather in these regions is sometimes severe (including tropical storms and hurricanes) and can be a major factor in our day-to-day operations. Our marine transportation operations can be significantly delayed, impaired or postponed by adverse weather conditions, such as fog in the winter and spring months and certain river conditions. Additionally, our marine transportation operations and our assets in the Gulf of Mexico, including our barges, push boats, tugboats and terminals, can be adversely impacted or damaged by hurricanes, tropical storms, tidal waves or other related events. Demand for our lubricants and the diesel fuel we throughput in our Terminalling and Storage segment can be affected if offshore drilling operations are disrupted by weather in the Gulf of Mexico. 
 
 In addition, our assets are vulnerable to winter storms and extreme cold weather. For example, in February 2021, we experienced Winter Storm Uri ("Uri"), an unprecedented storm bringing extreme cold temperatures to Texas and the surrounding areas, which resulted in gulf coast refineries running at reduced rates or halting operations entirely. The majority of the impact we experienced was centered around our transportation and sulfur services segments, where we saw reduced activity due to Uri's impact on Gulf Coast refinery utilization. Additionally, our Smackover Refinery was down approximately nine days due to Uri, during which time we began preparations for the previously scheduled turnaround in March of 2021. . 
 
 National weather conditions have a substantial impact on the demand for our products. Extreme weather conditions (either wet or dry) have in recent years decreased the demand for fertilizer. For example, an unusually wet spring can delay planting of seeds, which can leave insufficient time to apply fertilizer at the planting stage. Conversely, drought conditions can kill or severely stunt the growth of crops, thus eliminating the need to nurture plants with fertilizer. Likewise, unusually warm weather during the winter months can cause a significant decrease in the demand for NGL products. Any of these or similar conditions could result in a decline in our net income and cash flow, which would reduce our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 If we incur material liabilities that are not fully covered by insurance, such as liabilities resulting from accidents on rivers or at sea, spills, fires or explosions, our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our operations are subject to the operating hazards and risks incidental to terminalling and storage, marine transportation and the distribution of petroleum products and by-products and other industrial products. These hazards and risks, many of which are beyond our control, include: 
 
 accidents on rivers or at sea and other hazards that could result in releases, spills and other environmental damages, personal injuries, loss of life and suspension of operations; 
 
 leakage of NGLs and other petroleum products and by-products; 
 
 fires and explosions; 
 27 

damage to transportation, terminalling and storage facilities and surrounding properties caused by natural disasters; and 
 
 terrorist attacks or sabotage. 
 
 Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to potential future claims for personal-injury and property damage, including various legal proceedings and litigation resulting from these hazards and risks. If we incur material liabilities that are not covered by insurance, our operating results, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our unitholders could be adversely affected. 
 
 Changes in the insurance markets attributable to the effects of hurricanes and their aftermath may make some types of insurance more difficult or expensive for us to obtain. As a result, we may be unable to secure the levels and types of insurance we would otherwise have secured prior to such events. Moreover, the insurance that may be available to us may be significantly more expensive than our existing insurance coverage. 
 
 The price volatility of petroleum products and by-products could reduce our liquidity and results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 We purchase petroleum products and by-products, such as molten sulfur, fuel oils, NGLs (including normal butane), lubricants, and other bulk liquids and sell these products to wholesale and bulk customers and to other end users. We also generate revenues through the terminalling and storage of certain products for third parties. The price and market value of petroleum products and by-products could be, and has recently been, volatile. Our liquidity and revenues have been adversely affected by this volatility during periods of decreasing prices because of the reduction in the value and resale price of our inventory. In addition, our liquidity and costs have been adversely affected during periods of increasing prices because of the increased costs associated with our purchase of petroleum products and by-products. Future price volatility could have an adverse impact on our liquidity and results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 We could incur losses due to impairment in the carrying value of our long-lived assets. 
 
 We periodically evaluate goodwill and long-lived assets for impairment. Our impairment analyses for long-lived assets require management to apply judgment in evaluating whether events and circumstances are present that indicate an impairment may have occurred. If we believe an impairment may have occurred judgments are then applied in estimating future cash flows and useful lives, as well as assessing the probability of different outcomes. To perform the impairment assessment for goodwill, we use a discounted cash flow analysis, supplemented by a market approach analysis. Key assumptions in the analysis include industry and economic factors, future operating results and discount rates. In estimating cash flows, we use present economic conditions, as well as future expectations. If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates, or our assumptions and estimates change due to new information, we may be exposed to impairment charges. Adverse changes in our business or the overall operating environment may affect our estimate of future operating results, which could result in future impairment due to the potential impact on our operations and cash flows. 
 
 Increasing energy prices could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Increasing energy prices could adversely affect our results of operations. Diesel fuel, natural gas, chemicals and other supplies are recorded in operating expenses. An increase in price of these products would increase our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations, including net income and cash flows. We cannot assure unitholders that we will be able to pass along increased operating expenses to our customers. 
 
 Decreasing energy prices could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Decreasing energy prices could adversely affect our results of operations. If commodity prices remain weak for a sustained period, our terminalling throughput volumes may be negatively impacted, particularly as producers are curtailing or redirecting drilling, adversely affecting our results of operations. A sustained decline in commodity prices could result in a decrease in activity in the areas served by certain of our terminalling and storage and transportation assets resulting in reduced utilization of these assets. 
 
 For example, in 2020, the markets experienced a decline in oil prices in response to oil demand concerns due to the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, greatly impacting the demand for refined products resulting in a significant reduction in refinery utilization. The significant reduction in refinery utilization as a result of reduced refined products demand 
 28 

significantly impacted our Transportation and NGL segments. As the volume of products produced or purchased by refineries was been reduced, demand for our services decreased. 
 
 The natural decline in production in our operating regions and in other regions from which we source NGL supplies means our long-term success depends on our ability to obtain new sources of supplies of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil, which depends on certain factors beyond our control. Any decrease in supplies of natural gas, NGLs or crude oil could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 Our terminalling and storage, transportation and NGL services depend on crude oil and natural gas wells from which production will naturally decline over time, which means that the cash flows associated with these sources of natural gas and crude oil will likely also decline over time. To maintain or increase our levels of operation, we must continually obtain new natural gas, NGL and crude oil supplies. A material decrease in natural gas or crude oil production from producing areas on which we rely, as a result of depressed commodity prices or otherwise, could result in a decline in the volume of petroleum products for which we provide terminalling, storage and transportation service or NGL products delivered to our facilities. Our ability to obtain additional sources of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil depends, in part, on the level of successful drilling and production activity near our terminals and other areas from which we source NGL and crude oil supplies. We have no control over the level of such activity in the areas of our operations, the amount of reserves associated with the wells or the rate at which production from a well will decline. In addition, we have no control over producers or their drilling, completion or production decisions, which are affected by, among other things, prevailing and projected energy prices, demand for hydrocarbons, the level of reserves, geological considerations, governmental regulations, the availability of drilling rigs, other production and development costs and the availability and cost of capital. 
 
 Fluctuations in energy prices can greatly affect production rates and investments by third parties in the development of new oil and natural gas reserves. Drilling and production activity generally decreases as crude oil and natural gas prices decrease. Prices of crude oil and natural gas have been historically volatile, and we expect this volatility to continue. Consequently, even if new natural gas or crude oil reserves are discovered in areas served by our assets, producers may choose not to develop those reserves. For example, current low prices for natural gas combined with relatively high levels of natural gas in storage could result in curtailment or shut-in of natural gas production similar to the production shut-ins we experienced in 2020 due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, in response to depressed commodity prices, many operators have announced substantial reductions in their estimated capital expenditures, rig count and completion crews. Reductions in exploration and production activity, competitor actions or shut-ins by producers in the areas in which we operate may prevent us from obtaining supplies of natural gas or crude oil to replace the natural decline in volumes from existing wells, which could result in reduced volumes through our facilities and reduced utilization of our assets. 
 
 Our sulfur-based fertilizer products are subject to seasonal demand and could cause our revenues to vary. 
 
 The demand for our sulfur-based fertilizer products experience an increase in demand during the spring, which increases the revenue generated by this business line in this period compared to other periods. The seasonality of the revenue from these products may cause our results of operations to vary on a quarter-to-quarter basis and thus could cause our cash available for quarterly distributions to fluctuate from period to period. 
 
 The highly competitive nature of our industry could adversely affect our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive marketplace in each of our primary business segments. Most of our competitors in each segment are larger companies with greater financial and other resources than we possess. We may lose customers and future business opportunities to our competitors and any such losses could adversely affect our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 Our business is subject to compliance with environmental laws and regulations that could expose us to significant costs and liabilities and adversely affect our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 Our business is subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to protection of human health, natural resources and the environment. These laws and regulations may impose numerous obligations that are applicable to our operations, such as: requiring the acquisition of permits to conduct regulated activities; restricting the manner in which we can release materials into the environment; requiring remedial activities or capital expenditures to mitigate pollution from former or current operations; and imposing substantial liabilities on us for pollution resulting from our operations. Numerous governmental authorities, such as the EPA and analogous state agencies, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits 
 29 

issued under them, oftentimes requiring difficult and costly actions. Many environmental laws and regulations can impose joint and several strict liability, and any failure to comply with environmental laws, regulations and permits may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory and remedial obligations and, in some circumstances, the issuance of injunctions that can limit or prohibit our operations. The continuing trend in environmental regulation is to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that may affect the environment, and, thus, any changes in environmental laws and regulations that result in more stringent and costly waste handling, storage, transport, disposal or remediation requirements could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial position. 
 
 Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to their environmental, social, and governance ESG practices. Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds, and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments. Regardless of the industry, investors increased focus and activism related to ESG and similar matters may hinder access to capital, as investors may decide to reallocate capital or to not commit capital as a result of their assessment of a company s ESG practices. Companies that do not adapt to or comply with investor or stakeholder expectations and standards, which are evolving, or which are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, may suffer from reputational damage and the business, financial condition, and/or stock price of such a company could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our stakeholders may require us to implement ESG procedures or standards in order to remain invested in us or before they may make further investments in us. Additionally, we may face reputational challenges in the event our ESG procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by certain constituencies. If we do not meet our stakeholders expectations, our business, ability to access capital, and/or our common unit price could be harmed. 
 
 Additionally, adverse effects upon the oil and gas industry related to the worldwide social and political environment, including uncertainty or instability resulting from climate change, changes in political leadership and environmental policies, changes in geopolitical-social views toward fossil fuels and renewable energy, concern about the environmental impact of climate change and investors expectations regarding ESG matters, may also adversely affect demand for our services. Any long-term material adverse effect on the oil and gas industry could have a significant financial and operational adverse impact on our business. 
 
 The loss or insufficient attention of key personnel could negatively impact our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 Our success is largely dependent upon the continued services of members of the senior management team of Martin Resource Management Corporation. Those senior officers have significant experience in our businesses and have developed strong relationships with a broad range of industry participants. The loss of any of these executives could have a material adverse effect on our relationships with these industry participants, our results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 We do not have employees. We rely solely on officers and employees of Martin Resource Management Corporation to operate and manage our business. Martin Resource Management Corporation operates businesses and conducts activities of its own in which we have no economic interest. There could be competition for the time and effort of the officers and employees who provide services to our general partner. If these officers and employees do not or cannot devote sufficient attention to the management and operation of our business, our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders may be reduced. 
 
 Our loss of significant commercial relationships with Martin Resource Management Corporation could adversely impact our results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation provides us with various services and products pursuant to various commercial contracts. The loss of any of these services and products provided by Martin Resource Management Corporation could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Additionally, we provide terminalling and storage, processing and marine transportation services to Martin Resource Management Corporation to support its businesses under various commercial contracts. The loss of Martin Resource Management Corporation as a customer could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 30 

Our business could be adversely affected if operations at our transportation, terminalling and storage and distribution facilities experienced significant interruptions. Our business could also be adversely affected if the operations of our customers and suppliers experienced significant interruptions. 
 
 Our operations are dependent upon our terminalling and storage facilities and various means of transportation. We are also dependent upon the uninterrupted operations of certain facilities owned or operated by our suppliers and customers. Any significant interruption at these facilities or inability to transport products to or from these facilities or to or from our customers for any reason would adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Operations at our facilities and at the facilities owned or operated by our suppliers and customers could be partially or completely shut down, temporarily or permanently, as the result of any number of circumstances that are not within our control, such as: 
 
 catastrophic events, including hurricanes; 
 
 environmental remediation; 
 
 labor difficulties; and 
 
 disruptions in the supply of our products to our facilities or means of transportation. 
 
 Additionally, terrorist attacks and acts of sabotage could target oil and gas production facilities, refineries, processing plants, terminals and other infrastructure facilities. Any significant interruptions at our facilities, facilities owned or operated by our suppliers or customers, or in the oil and gas industry as a whole caused by such attacks or acts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 If third-party pipelines and other facilities interconnected to our terminals become partially or fully unavailable to transport natural gas, NGLs and crude oil, our revenues could be adversely affected. 
 
 We depend upon third-party pipelines, storage and other facilities that provide delivery options to and from our terminals. Since we do not own or operate these pipelines or other facilities, their continuing operation in their current manner is not within our control. If any of these third-party facilities become partially or fully unavailable, or if the quality specifications for their facilities change so as to restrict our ability to utilize them, our revenues could be adversely affected. 
 
 NASDAQ does not require a publicly traded partnership like us to comply with certain of its corporate governance requirements, and therefore, unitholders do not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of corporations subject to all NASDAQ requirements. 
 
 Because we are a publicly traded partnership, the Nasdaq Global Select Market ("NASDAQ") does not require our general partner to have a majority of independent directors on its board of directors or to establish a compensation committee or nominating and corporate governance committee. Accordingly, unitholders do not have the same protections afforded to certain corporations that are subject to all of NASDAQ corporate governance requirements. 
 
 Our marine transportation business could be adversely affected if we do not satisfy the requirements of the Jones Act or if the Jones Act were modified or eliminated. 
 
 The Jones Act is a federal law that restricts domestic marine transportation in the U.S. to vessels built and registered in the U.S. Furthermore, the Jones Act requires that the vessels be manned and owned by U.S. citizens. If we fail to comply with these requirements, our vessels lose their eligibility to engage in coastwise trade within U.S. domestic waters. 
 
 The requirements that our vessels be U.S. built and manned by U.S. citizens, the crewing requirements and material requirements of the Coast Guard and the application of U.S. labor and tax laws significantly increase the costs of U.S. flagged vessels when compared with foreign-flagged vessels. During the past several years, certain interest groups have lobbied Congress to repeal the Jones Act to facilitate foreign flag competition for trades and cargoes reserved for U.S. flagged vessels under the Jones Act and cargo preference laws. If the Jones Act were to be modified to permit foreign competition that would not be subject to the same U.S. government imposed costs, we may need to lower the prices we charge for our services in order to compete with foreign competitors, which would adversely affect our cash flow and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 31 

Our marine transportation business could be adversely affected if the U.S. Government purchases or requisitions any of our vessels under the Merchant Marine Act. 
 
 We are subject to the Merchant Marine Act of 1936, which provides that, upon proclamation by the U.S. President of a national emergency or a threat to the national security, the U.S. Secretary of Transportation may requisition or purchase any vessel or other watercraft owned by U.S. citizens (including us, provided that we are considered a U.S. citizen for this purpose). If one of our push boats, tugboats or tank barges were purchased or requisitioned by the U.S. government under this law, we would be entitled to be paid the fair market value of the vessel in the case of a purchase or, in the case of a requisition, the fair market value of charter hire. However, if one of our push boats or tugboats is requisitioned or purchased and its associated tank barge is left idle, we would not be entitled to receive any compensation for the lost revenues resulting from the idled barge. We also would not be entitled to be compensated for any consequential damages we suffer as a result of the requisition or purchase of any of our push boats, tugboats or tank barges. If any of our vessels are purchased or requisitioned for an extended period of time by the U.S. government, such transactions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 Changes in transportation regulations may increase our costs and negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to various transportation regulations by the U.S. Department of Transportation and analogous state agencies, whose regulations include certain permit requirements of highway and safety authorities. These regulatory authorities exercise broad powers over our trucking operations, generally governing such matters as the authorization to engage in motor carrier operations, safety, equipment testing, driver requirements and specifications, and insurance requirements. The trucking industry is subject to possible regulatory and legislative changes that may impact our operations, such as changes in fuel emissions limits, hours of service regulations that govern the amount of time a driver may drive or work in any specific period, and limits on vehicle weight and size. As the federal government continues to develop and propose regulations relating to fuel quality, engine efficiency and GHG emissions, we may experience an increase in costs related to truck purchases and maintenance, impairment of equipment productivity, a decrease in the residual value of vehicles, and an increase in operating expenses. Increased truck traffic may contribute to deteriorating road conditions in some areas where we operate. Our operations could also be affected by road construction, road repairs, detours and state and local regulations and ordinances restricting access to certain roads. Proposals to increase federal, state, or local taxes, including taxes on motor fuels, are also made from time to time, and any such increase could increase our operating costs. Additionally, state and local regulation of permitted routes and times on specific roadways could adversely affect our operations. We cannot predict whether, or in what form, any legislative or regulatory changes or municipal ordinances applicable to our trucking operations will be enacted or to what extent any such legislation or regulations could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business or operations. 
 
 Our interest rate swap activities could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, profitability, liquidity, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 We enter into interest rate swap agreements from time to time to manage some of our exposure to interest rate volatility. These swap agreements involve risks, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements. In addition, these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to changes in interest rates. When we use forward-starting interest rate swaps, there is a risk that we will not complete the long-term borrowing against which the swap is intended to hedge. If such events occur, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 A downgrade of our credit ratings could impact our liquidity, access to capital and costs of doing business, and maintaining credit ratings is under the control of independent third parties. 
 
 A downgrade of our credit ratings may increase our cost of borrowing and could require us to post collateral with third parties, negatively impacting our available liquidity. Our and our subsidiaries ability to access capital markets could also be limited by a downgrade of our credit ratings. 
 
 Credit rating agencies perform independent analysis when assigning credit ratings. The analysis includes a number of criteria including, but not limited to, business composition, market and operational risks, as well as various financial tests. Credit rating agencies continue to review the criteria for industry sectors and various debt ratings and may make changes to those criteria from time to time. Credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold investments in the rated entity. Ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating agencies, and we cannot assure you that we will maintain our current credit ratings. 
 
 The industry in which we operate is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 32 

We compete with similar enterprises in our respective areas of operation. Some of our competitors are large oil, natural gas and petrochemical companies that have greater financial resources and access to supplies of NGLs than we do. Our customers who produce NGLs may develop their own systems to transport NGLs in lieu of using ours. Our ability to renew or replace existing contracts with our customers at rates sufficient to maintain current revenues and cash flows could be adversely affected by the activities of our competitors and our customers. All of these competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to make cash distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 Information technology systems present potential targets for cyber security attacks, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We are reliant on technology to improve efficiency in our business. Information technology systems are critical to our operations and those of our third-party providers with whom we are connected. These systems could be a potential target for a cyber security attack as they are used to store and process sensitive information regarding our operations, financial position, and information pertaining to our customers and vendors. Dependence on automated systems may increase the risks related to operational systems failures and breaches of critical operational or financial controls, and tampering or deliberate manipulation of such systems may result in losses that are difficult to detect. While we take the utmost precautions, we cannot guarantee safety from all threats and attacks. Some individuals and groups, including criminal organizations and state-sponsored groups, have attempted to gain unauthorized access to computer networks of U.S. businesses and mounted so-called cyberattacks to disable or disrupt computer systems, disrupt operations, and steal funds or data including through so-called phishing schemes, which are attempts to obtain unauthorized access by targeted acts of deception against individuals with legitimate access to physical locations or information. For example, in 2021, a company in the midstream industry suffered a ransomware cyberattack that impacted computerized equipment managing a pipeline and resulted in the halt of the pipeline s operations in order to contain the attack. 
 
 Any successful breach of security with respect to us or our third-party providers could result in the spread of inaccurate or confidential information, disruption of operations, environmental harm, endangerment of employees, damage to our assets, and increased costs to respond. Any of these instances could have a negative impact on cash flows, litigation status and/or our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and operations. Due to COVID-19 protocols, many of our employees and those of our service providers, vendors and customers have been accessing computer systems remotely where their cybersecurity protections may be less robust and our cybersecurity procedures and safeguards may be less effective. While we make significant investments in technology security and we carefully evaluate the security of selected cloud system providers and cloud storage providers, there can be no guarantee that information security efforts will be totally effective. 
 
 Moreover, as cyberattacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to further enhance our digital security or to remediate vulnerabilities. In addition, cyberattacks against us or others in our industry could result in additional regulations, which could lead to increased regulatory compliance costs, insurance coverage cost, or capital expenditures and any failure by us to comply with these additional regulations could result in significant penalties and liability to us. In May and July 2021, following ransomware attacks on a major petroleum pipeline, the Department of Homeland Security issued security directives to certain midstream pipeline companies that require such companies to appoint cybersecurity personnel, perform cybersecurity assessments and complete specific network enhancements, and report incidents and other information to the Department s Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. We cannot predict the potential impact to our business or the energy industry resulting from additional regulations. 
 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection data protection laws ). Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, increased cost of operations, or otherwise harm our business. 
 
 The regulatory environment surrounding data privacy and protection is constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. New data protection laws pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potentially elevate our costs. Complying with varying jurisdictional requirements could increase the costs and complexity of compliance, and violations of applicable data protection laws can result in significant penalties. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with applicable data protection laws could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments, and negative publicity, require us to change our business practices, increase the costs and complexity of compliance, and adversely affect our business. As noted above, we are also subject to the possibility of cyberattacks, which themselves may result in a violation of these laws. 
 33 

Risks Relating to an Investment in the Common Units 
 
 Units available for future sales by us or our affiliates could have an adverse impact on the price of our common units or on any trading market that may develop. 
 
 Common units will generally be freely transferable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except that any common units held by an "affiliate" of ours may not be resold publicly except in compliance with the registration requirements of the Securities Act or under an exemption under Rule 144 or otherwise. 
 
 Our Partnership Agreement provides that we may issue an unlimited number of limited partner interests of any type without a vote of the unitholders. Our general partner may also cause us to issue an unlimited number of additional common units or other equity securities of equal rank with the common units, without unitholder approval, in a number of circumstances such as: 
 
 the issuance of common units in additional public offerings or in connection with acquisitions that increase cash flow from operations on a pro forma, per unit basis; 
 
 the conversion of subordinated units into common units; 
 
 the conversion of units of equal rank with the common units into common units under some circumstances; or 
 
 the conversion of our general partner's general partner interest in us as a result of the withdrawal of our general partner. 
 
 Our Partnership Agreement does not restrict our ability to issue equity securities ranking junior to the common units at any time. Any issuance of additional common units or other equity securities would result in a corresponding decrease in the proportionate ownership interest in us represented by, and could adversely affect the cash distributions to and market price of, common units then outstanding. 
 
 Under our Partnership Agreement, our general partner and its affiliates have the right to cause us to register under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws the offer and sale of any units that they hold. Subject to the terms and conditions of our Partnership Agreement, these registration rights allow the general partner and its affiliates or their assignees holding any units to require registration of any of these units and to include any of these units in a registration by us of other units, including units offered by us or by any unitholder. Our general partner will continue to have these registration rights for two years following its withdrawal or removal as a general partner. In connection with any registration of this kind, we will indemnify each unitholder participating in the registration and its officers, directors, and controlling persons from and against any liabilities under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws arising from the registration statement or prospectus. Except as described below, the general partner and its affiliates may sell their units in private transactions at any time, subject to compliance with applicable laws. Our general partner and its affiliates, with our concurrence, have granted comparable registration rights to their bank group to which their partnership units have been pledged. 
 
 The sale of any common or subordinated units could have an adverse impact on the price of the common units or on any trading market that may develop. 
 
 Unitholders have less power to elect or remove management of our general partner than holders of common stock in a corporation. It is unlikely that our common unitholders will have sufficient voting power to elect or remove our general partner without the consent of Martin Resource Management Corporation and its affiliates. 
 
 Unlike the holders of common stock in a corporation, unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and therefore limited ability to influence management's decisions regarding our business. Unitholders did not elect our general partner or its directors and will have no right to elect our general partner or its directors on an annual or other continuing basis. Holdings, the sole member of MMGP, elects the board of directors of our general partner. 
 
 If unitholders are dissatisfied with the performance of our general partner, they will have a limited ability to remove our general partner. Our general partner generally may not be removed except upon the vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding units voting together as a single class. As of December 31, 2022, Martin Resource Management Corporation owned 15.7 of our total outstanding common limited partner units and all of the ownership interests in MMGP, our general partner. 
 34 

Unitholders' voting rights are further restricted by our Partnership Agreement provision prohibiting any units held by a person owning 20 or more of any class of units then outstanding, other than our general partner, its affiliates, their transferees and persons who acquired such units with the prior approval of our general partner's directors, from voting on any matter. In addition, our Partnership Agreement contains provisions limiting the ability of unitholders to call meetings or to acquire information about our operations, as well as other provisions limiting the unitholders' ability to influence the manner or direction of management. 
 
 As a result of these provisions, it will be more difficult for a third party to acquire our partnership without first negotiating the acquisition with our general partner. Consequently, it is unlikely the trading price of our common units will ever reflect a takeover premium. 
 
 Our general partner's discretion in determining the level of our cash reserves may adversely affect our ability to make cash distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 Our Partnership Agreement requires our general partner to deduct from operating surplus cash reserves that it determines in its reasonable discretion to be necessary to fund our future operating expenditures. In addition, our Partnership Agreement permits our general partner to reduce available cash by establishing cash reserves for the proper conduct of our business, to comply with applicable law or agreements to which we are a party, or to provide funds for future distributions to partners. These cash reserves will affect the amount of cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 
 Unitholders may not have limited liability if a court finds that we have not complied with applicable statutes or that unitholder action constitutes control of our business. 
 
 The limitations on the liability of holders of limited partner interests for the obligations of a limited partnership have not been clearly established in some states. The holder of one of our common units could be held liable in some circumstances for our obligations to the same extent as a general partner if a court were to determine that: 
 
 we had been conducting business in any state without compliance with the applicable limited partnership statute; or 
 
 the right or the exercise of the right by our unitholders as a group to remove or replace our general partner, to approve some amendments to our Partnership Agreement, or to take other action under our Partnership Agreement constituted participation in the "control" of our business. 
 
 Our general partner generally has unlimited liability for our obligations, such as our debts and environmental liabilities, except for our contractual obligations that are expressly made without recourse to our general partner. In addition, under some circumstances, a unitholder may be liable to us for the amount of a distribution for a period of nine years from the date of the distribution. 
 
 Our Partnership Agreement contains provisions that reduce the remedies available to unitholders for actions that might otherwise constitute a breach of fiduciary duty by our general partner. 
 
 Our Partnership Agreement limits the liability and reduces the fiduciary duties of our general partner to the unitholders. Our Partnership Agreement also restricts the remedies available to unitholders for actions that would otherwise constitute breaches of our general partner's fiduciary duties. For example, our Partnership Agreement: 
 
 permits our general partner to make a number of decisions in its "sole discretion." This entitles our general partner to consider only the interests and factors that it desires, and it has no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of, or factors affecting, us, our affiliates or any limited partner; 
 
 provides that our general partner is entitled to make other decisions in its "reasonable discretion," which may reduce the obligations to which our general partner would otherwise be held; 
 
 generally provides that affiliated transactions and resolutions of conflicts of interest not involving a required vote of unitholders must be "fair and reasonable" to us and that, in determining whether a transaction or resolution is "fair and reasonable," our general partner may consider the interests of all parties involved, including its own; and 
 
 35 

provides that our general partner and its officers and directors will not be liable for monetary damages to us, our limited partners or assignees for errors of judgment or for any acts or omissions if our general partner and those other persons acted in good faith. 
 
 Unitholders are treated as having consented to the various actions contemplated in our Partnership Agreement and conflicts of interest that might otherwise be considered a breach of fiduciary duties under applicable state law. 
 
 We may issue additional common units without unitholder approval, which would dilute unitholder ownership interests. 
 
 Our general partner may also cause us to issue an unlimited number of additional common units or other equity securities of equal rank with the common units, without unitholder approval, in a number of circumstances such as: 
 
 the issuance of common units in additional public offerings or in connection with acquisitions that increase cash flow from operations on a pro forma, per unit basis; 
 
 the conversion of subordinated units into common units; 
 
 the conversion of units of equal rank with the common units into common units under some circumstances; or 
 
 the conversion of our general partner's general partner interest in us as a result of the withdrawal of our general partner. 
 
 We may issue an unlimited number of limited partner interests of any type without the approval of our unitholders. Our Partnership Agreement does not give our unitholders the right to approve our issuance of equity securities ranking junior to the common units at any time. 
 
 The issuance of additional common units or other equity securities of equal or senior rank will have the following effects: 
 
 our unitholders' proportionate ownership interest in us will decrease; 
 
 the amount of cash available for distribution on a per unit basis may decrease; 
 
 because a lower percentage of total outstanding units will be subordinated units, the risk that a shortfall in the payment of the minimum quarterly distribution will be borne by our common unitholders will increase; 
 
 the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding unit will diminish; 
 
 the market price of the common units may decline; and 
 
 the ratio of taxable income to distributions may increase. 
 
 The control of our general partner may be transferred to a third party and that party could replace our current management team, without unitholder consent. 
 
 Our general partner may transfer its general partner interest to a third party in a merger or in a sale of all or substantially all of its assets without the consent of the unitholders. Furthermore, there is no restriction in our Partnership Agreement on the ability of the owner of our general partner to transfer its ownership interest in our general partner to a third party. A new owner of our general partner could replace the directors and officers of our general partner with its own designees and control the decisions taken by our general partner. 
 
 Our general partner has a limited call right that may require unitholders to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price. 
 
 If at any time our general partner and its affiliates own more than 80 of the common units, our general partner will have the right, but not the obligation, which it may assign to any of its affiliates or to us, to acquire all, but not less than all, of the remaining common units held by unaffiliated persons at a price not less than the then-current market price. As a result, unitholders may be required to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price and may not receive any return on their investment. Unitholders may also incur a tax liability upon a sale of their units. No provision in our Partnership Agreement, or 
 36 

in any other agreement we have with our general partner or Martin Resource Management Corporation, prohibits our general partner or its affiliates from acquiring more than 80 of our common units. For additional information about this call right and unitholders' potential tax liability, please see "Risk Factors-Tax Risks-Tax gain or loss on the disposition of our common units could be different than expected." 
 
 Our common units have a limited trading volume compared to other publicly traded securities. 
 
 Our common units are quoted on the NASDAQ under the symbol "MMLP." However, daily trading volumes for our common units are, and may continue to be, relatively small compared to many other securities quoted on the NASDAQ. The price of our common units may, therefore, be volatile. 
 
 Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our unit price. 
 
 In order to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we periodically document and test our internal control procedures. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting addressing these assessments. During the course of our testing we may identify deficiencies, which we may not be able to address in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. In addition, if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common units. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Relationship with Martin Resource Management Corporation 
 
 Cash reimbursements due to Martin Resource Management Corporation may be substantial and will reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 
 Under our Omnibus Agreement with Martin Resource Management Corporation, Martin Resource Management Corporation provides us with corporate staff and support services on behalf of our general partner that are substantially identical in nature and quality to the services it conducted for our business prior to our formation. The Omnibus Agreement requires us to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for the costs and expenses it incurs in rendering these services, including an overhead allocation to us of Martin Resource Management Corporation's indirect general and administrative expenses from its corporate allocation pool. These payments may be substantial. Payments to Martin Resource Management Corporation will reduce the amount of available cash for distribution to our unitholders. 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation has conflicts of interest and limited fiduciary responsibilities, which may permit it to favor its own interests to the detriment of our unitholders. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Martin Resource Management Corporation owned 15.7 of our total outstanding common limited partner units and 100 of the ownership interests in MMGP. MMGP owns a 2 general partnership interest in us. Conflicts of interest may arise between Martin Resource Management Corporation and our general partner, on the one hand, and our unitholders, on the other hand. As a result of these conflicts, our general partner may favor its own interests and the interests of Martin Resource Management Corporation over the interests of our unitholders. Potential conflicts of interest between us, Martin Resource Management Corporation and our general partner could occur in many of our day-to-day operations including, among others, the following situations: 
 
 Officers of Martin Resource Management Corporation who provide services to us also devote significant time to the businesses of Martin Resource Management Corporation and are compensated by Martin Resource Management Corporation for that time; 
 
 Neither our Partnership Agreement nor any other agreement requires Martin Resource Management Corporation to pursue a business strategy that favors us or utilizes our assets or services. Martin Resource Management Corporation's directors and officers have a fiduciary duty to make these decisions in the best interests of the shareholders of Martin Resource Management Corporation without regard to the best interests of the unitholders; 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation may engage in limited competition with us; 
 37 

Our general partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us, such as Martin Resource Management Corporation, in resolving conflicts of interest, which has the effect of reducing its fiduciary duty to our unitholders; 
 
 Under our Partnership Agreement, our general partner may limit its liability and reduce its fiduciary duties, while also restricting the remedies available to our unitholders for actions that, without the limitations and reductions, might constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. As a result of purchasing units, our unitholders will be treated as having consented to some actions and conflicts of interest that, without such consent, might otherwise constitute a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable state law; 
 
 Our general partner determines which costs incurred by Martin Resource Management Corporation are reimbursable by us; 
 
 Our Partnership Agreement does not restrict our general partner from causing us to pay it or its affiliates for any services rendered on terms that are fair and reasonable to us or from entering into additional contractual arrangements with any of these entities on our behalf; 
 
 Our general partner controls the enforcement of obligations owed to us by Martin Resource Management Corporation; 
 
 Our general partner decides whether to retain separate counsel, accountants or others to perform services for us; 
 
 The audit committee of our general partner retains our independent auditors; 
 
 In some instances, our general partner may cause us to borrow funds to permit us to pay cash distributions, even if the purpose or effect of the borrowing is to make incentive distributions; and 
 
 Our general partner has broad discretion to establish financial reserves for the proper conduct of our business. These reserves also will affect the amount of cash available for distribution. 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation and its affiliates may engage in limited competition with us. 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation and its affiliates may engage in limited competition with us. For a discussion of the non-competition provisions of the Omnibus Agreement, please see "Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence." If Martin Resource Management Corporation does engage in competition with us, we may lose customers or business opportunities, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our unitholder allocations. 
 
 If Martin Resource Management Corporation were ever to file for bankruptcy or otherwise default on its obligations under its credit facility, amounts we owe under our credit facility may become immediately due and payable and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 If Martin Resource Management Corporation were ever to commence or consent to the commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise default on its obligations under its credit facility, its lenders could foreclose on its pledge of the interests in our general partner and take control of our general partner. If Martin Resources Management no longer controls our general partner, the lenders under our credit facility may declare all amounts outstanding thereunder immediately due and payable. In addition, either a judgment against Martin Resource Management Corporation or a bankruptcy filing by or against Martin Resource Management Corporation could independently result in an event of default under our credit facility if it could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on us. If our lenders do declare us in default and accelerate repayment, we may be required to refinance our debt on unfavorable terms, which could negatively impact our results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. A bankruptcy filing by or against Martin Resource Management Corporation could also result in the termination or material breach of some or all of the various commercial contracts between us and Martin Resource Management Corporation, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 
 Tax Risks 
 
 38 

The U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") could treat us as a corporation for tax purposes, which would substantially reduce the cash available for distribution to unitholders. 
 
 The anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in us depends largely on our classification as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. We have not requested a ruling from the IRS on this matter. 
 
 Despite the fact that we are organized as a limited partnership under Delaware law, it is possible in certain circumstances for a partnership such as ours to be treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes. In order for us to be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, more than 90 of our gross income each year must be "qualifying income" under Section 7704 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). "Qualifying income" includes income and gains derived from the exploration, development, mining or production, processing, refining, transportation, or marketing of minerals or natural resources, including crude oil, natural gas and products thereof. Other types of qualifying income include interest (other than from a financial business), dividends, gains from the sale of real property and gains from the sale or other disposition of capital assets held for the production of income that otherwise constitutes qualifying income. 
 
 Although we intend to meet this gross income requirement, we may not find it possible, regardless of our efforts, to meet this gross income requirement or may inadvertently fail to meet this gross income requirement. If we do not meet this gross income requirement for any taxable year and the IRS does not determine that such failure was inadvertent, we would be treated as a corporation for such taxable year and each taxable year thereafter. 
 
 If we were treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would owe federal income tax on our income at the corporate tax rate, which is currently a maximum of 21 , and would likely owe state income tax at varying rates. Distributions would generally be taxed again to unitholders as corporate distributions and no income, gains, losses, or deductions would flow through to unitholders. Because a tax would be imposed upon us as an entity, cash available for distribution to unitholders would be reduced. Treatment of us as a corporation would result in a reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to unitholders and therefore would likely result in a reduction in the value of the common units. 
 
 The tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in our units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. 
 
 The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including us, or an investment in our common units, may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial interpretation at any time. 
 
 At the federal level, members of Congress and the President of the U.S. have periodically considered substantive changes to the existing U.S. tax laws that would have affected certain publicly traded partnerships, including the elimination of partnership tax treatment for publicly traded partnerships. At the state level, because of widespread state budget deficits and other reasons, several states are evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state income, franchise and other forms of taxation. For example, we are required to pay a Texas margin tax at a maximum effective rate of 0.525 of our gross income apportioned to Texas in the prior year. Imposition of any such tax on us by any other state will reduce the cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 
 Any modification to the tax laws and interpretations thereof may or may not be applied retroactively and could make it more difficult or impossible to meet the exception pursuant to which we are treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is not taxable as a corporation, affect or cause us to change our business activities, affect the tax considerations of an investment in us, change the character or treatment of portions of our income and adversely affect an investment in our common units. We are unable to predict whether any of these changes or other proposals will ultimately be enacted. Any such changes could negatively impact the value of an investment in our common units. 
 
 On January 24, 2017, the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued final regulations (the "Final Regulations") regarding qualifying income under Section 7704(d)(1)(E) of the Code which relates to the qualifying income exception upon which we rely for partnership tax treatment. The Final Regulations apply to income earned in a taxable year beginning on or after January 19, 2017. The Final Regulations include "reserved" paragraphs for fertilizer and hedging, which the U.S. Department of the Treasury plans to address in future proposed and final Treasury regulations ("Treasury regulations"). We are unable to predict how such future regulations may treat fertilizer or hedging activities, but such regulations could impact our ability to treat certain activities as generating qualifying income. The Final Regulations provide for a ten year transition period during which certain taxpayers that either obtained a favorable private letter ruling or treated income under a reasonable interpretation of the statute or prior proposed regulations as qualifying income may continue to treat such income as qualifying income. We have obtained favorable private letter rulings from the IRS in the past as to what constitutes "qualifying income" within the meaning 
 39 

of Section 7704(d)(1)(E) of the Code and we expect to rely upon these private letter rulings for purposes of the ten year transition rule contained in the Final Regulations. With respect to some of these private letter rulings, the income that we derived from certain affected activities will be treated as qualifying income only until the end of the ten year transition period. Thus, at this time and through the transition period, we believe that the Final Regulations will not significantly impact the amount of our gross income that we are able to treat as qualifying income. 
 
 A successful IRS contest of the federal income tax positions we take could adversely affect the market for our common units and the costs of any contest will be borne by our unitholders, debt security holders and our general partner. 
 
 We have not requested a ruling from the IRS with respect to our treatment as a partnership for federal income tax purposes or any other matter affecting us. The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the positions we take and our counsel's conclusions. It may be necessary to resort to administrative or court proceedings to sustain some or all of our counsel's conclusions or the positions we take. A court may not agree with some or all our counsel's conclusions or the positions we take. Any contest with the IRS may materially and adversely impact the market for our common units and the prices at which they trade. In addition, the costs of any contest with the IRS will be borne directly or indirectly by all of our unitholders, debt security holders and our general partner. 
 
 If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns, it may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustment directly from us, in which case our cash available for distribution to our unitholders might be substantially reduced. 
 
 If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns, it may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustment directly from us. Similarly, for such taxable years, if the IRS makes audit adjustments to income tax returns filed by an entity in which we are a member or partner, the IRS may assess and collect any taxes (including penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustment directly from such entity. Generally, we expect to elect to have our unitholders take such audit adjustment into account in accordance with their interests in us during the tax year under audit, but there can be no assurance that such election will be effective in all circumstances. If we are unable to have our unitholders take such audit adjustment into account in accordance with their interests in us during the tax year under audit, our current unitholders may bear some or all of the tax liability resulting from such audit adjustment, even if such unitholders did not own units in us during the tax year under audit. If, as a result of any such audit adjustment, we are required to make payments of taxes, penalties and interest as a result of audit adjustments cash available for distribution to our unitholders may be substantially reduced. 
 
 Additionally, we are required to designate a partner, or other person, with a substantial presence in the U.S. as the partnership representative ("Partnership Representative"). The Partnership Representative will have the sole authority to act on our behalf for purposes of, among other things, U.S. federal income tax audits and judicial review of administrative adjustments by the IRS. We have designated our general partner as our Partnership Representative. Further, any actions taken by us or by the Partnership Representative on our behalf with respect to, among other things, federal income tax audits and judicial review of administrative adjustments by the IRS, will be binding on us and all of our unitholders. 
 
 Unitholders may be required to pay taxes on income from us, including their share of income from the cancellation of debt, even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us. 
 
 Unitholders may be required to pay federal income taxes and, in some cases, state, local and foreign income taxes on their share of our taxable income even if they receive no cash distributions from us. Unitholders may not receive cash distributions from us equal to their share of our taxable income or even the tax liability that results from the taxation of their share of our taxable income. 
 
 A unitholder s share of our taxable income, and its relationship to any distributions we make, may be affected by a variety of factors, including our economic performance, which may be affected by numerous business, economic, regulatory, legislative, competitive and political uncertainties beyond our control. Additionally, we may engage in transactions to delever the partnership and manage our liquidity that may result in income to our unitholders without a corresponding cash distribution. For example, if we sell assets and use the proceeds to repay existing debt or fund capital expenditures, you may be allocated taxable income and gain resulting from the sale without receiving a cash distribution. Further, taking advantage of opportunities to reduce our existing debt, such as debt exchanges, debt repurchases, or modifications of our existing debt could result in "cancellation of indebtedness income" (also referred to as "COD income") being allocated to our unitholders as taxable income. Unitholders may be allocated COD income, and income tax liabilities arising therefrom may exceed cash distributions or the value of the units. The ultimate effect of any such allocations will depend on the unitholder's individual tax position with 
 40 

respect to its units. Unitholders are encouraged to consult their tax advisor with respect to the consequences to them of COD income. 
 
 Tax gain or loss on the disposition of our common units could be different than expected. 
 
 If our unitholders sell their common units, they will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and their tax basis in those common units. Prior distributions in excess of the total net taxable income unitholders were allocated for a common unit, which decreased unitholder tax basis in that common unit, will, in effect, become taxable income to our unitholders if the common unit is sold at a price greater than their tax basis in that common unit, even if the price they receive is less than their original cost. A substantial portion of the amount realized, whether or not representing gain, may be ordinary income to our unitholders. Should the IRS successfully contest some positions we take, our unitholders could recognize more gain on the sale of units than would be the case under those positions without the benefit of decreased income in prior years. In addition, if our unitholders sell their units, they may incur a tax liability in excess of the amount of cash they receive from the sale. 
 
 Unitholders may be subject to limitations on their ability to deduct interest expenses incurred by us. 
 
 In general, the Partnership is entitled to a deduction for interest paid or accrued on indebtedness properly allocable to our trade or business during its taxable year. However, the deduction for "business interest" is limited to the sum of the Partnership s business interest income and 30 of its "adjusted taxable income." For the purposes of this limitation, the Partnership s adjusted taxable income is computed without regard to any business interest expense or business interest income. In the case of taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2022, the Partnership s adjusted taxable income is computed by taking into account any deduction allowable for depreciation, amortization, or depletion to the extent such depreciation, amortization, or depletion is not capitalized into cost of goods sold with respect to inventory. If the Partnership s "business interest" is subject to limitation under these rules, unitholders will be limited in their ability to deduct their share of any interest expense that has been allocated to them. As a result, unitholders may be subject to limitation on their ability to deduct interest expenses incurred by the Partnership. 
 
 Tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons face unique tax issues from owning common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them. 
 
 Investment in common units by tax-exempt entities, such as employee benefit plans, individual retirement accounts (known as IRAs), Keogh plans and other retirement plans, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, mutual funds and non-U.S. persons raises issues unique to them. For example, virtually all of our income allocated to organizations exempt from federal income tax, including IRAs and other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable income UBTI and will be taxable to them. An exempt organization is required to independently compute its UBTI from each separate unrelated trade or business which may prevent an exempt organization from utilizing losses we allocate to the organization against the organization s UBTI from other sources and vice versa. 
 
 Distributions to non-U.S. persons will be reduced by withholding taxes at the highest applicable effective tax rate, and non-U.S. persons will be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns and pay tax on their share of our taxable income. Distributions to non-U.S. persons will also be subject to a 10 withholding tax on the amount realized with respect to any distribution, and in the case of a distribution effected through a broker, the amount realized is the amount of any distribution in excess of our cumulative net income. As we do not compute our cumulative net income for such purposes due to the complexity of the calculation and lack of clarity in how it would apply to us, we intend to treat all of our distributions as being in excess of our cumulative net income for such purposes and subject to such 10 withholding tax. 
 
 If a unitholder sells or otherwise disposes of a unit, the transferee is required to withhold 10 of the amount realized by the transferor unless the transferor certifies that it is not a foreign person, and we are required to deduct and withhold from the transferee amounts that should have been withheld by the transferee but were not withheld. Under the Treasury Regulations, such withholding will be required on open market transactions, but in the case of a transfer made through a broker, a partner s share of liabilities will be excluded from the amount realized. In addition, the obligation to withhold will be imposed on the broker instead of the transferee (and we will generally not be required to withhold from the transferee amounts that should have been withheld by the transferee but were not withheld). These withholding obligations will apply to transfers of our common units occurring on or after January 1, 2023. Current and prospective non-U.S. unitholders should consult their tax advisors regarding the impact of these rules on an investment in our common units. 
 
 41 

We treat a purchaser of our common units as having the same tax benefits without regard to the seller's identity. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of the common units. 
 
 Because we cannot match transferors and transferees of common units and because of other reasons, we have adopted depreciation positions that may not conform to all aspects of the Treasury regulations. Any position we take that is inconsistent with applicable Treasury regulations may have to be disclosed on our federal income tax return. This disclosure increases the likelihood that the IRS will challenge our positions and propose adjustments to some or all of our unitholders. A successful IRS challenge to those positions could adversely affect the amount of tax benefits available to our unitholders. It also could affect the timing of these tax benefits or the amount of gain from the sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audit adjustments to our unitholders' tax returns. 
 
 Entity level taxes on income from C corporation subsidiaries will reduce cash available for distribution, and an individual unitholder s share of dividend and interest income from such subsidiaries would constitute portfolio income that could not be offset by the unitholder s share of our other losses or deductions. 
 
 A portion of our taxable income is earned through MTI, which is a C corporation for federal tax purposes. C corporations are subject to federal income tax on their taxable income at the corporate tax rate, which is currently 21 , and will likely pay state (and possibly local) income tax at varying rates on their taxable income. Any such entity level taxes will reduce the cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Distributions from any such C corporation are generally taxed again to unitholders as dividend income to the extent of current and accumulated earnings and profits of such C corporation. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum federal income tax rate applicable to such qualified dividend income that is allocable to individuals was 20 (plus a 3.8 net investment income tax that applies to certain net investment income earned by individuals, estates and trusts). An individual unitholders share of dividend and interest income from MTI or other C corporation subsidiaries would constitute portfolio income that could not be offset by the unitholders share of our other losses or deductions. 
 
 Unitholders may be subject to state, local and foreign taxes and return filing requirements as a result of investing in our common units. 
 
 In addition to federal income taxes, unitholders may be subject to other taxes, such as state, local and foreign income taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance, or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we do business or own property. Unitholders may be required to file state, local and foreign income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of the various jurisdictions in which we do business or own property and may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. We own property and/or conduct business in several states, many of which impose a personal income tax and also impose income taxes on corporations and other entities. We may do business or own property in other states or foreign countries in the future. It is the unitholder's responsibility to file all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns. Our counsel has not rendered an opinion on the state, local or foreign tax consequences of an investment in our common units. 
 
 There are limits on the deductibility of our losses that may adversely affect our unitholders. 
 
 There are a number of limitations that may prevent unitholders from using their allocable share of our losses as a deduction against unrelated income. In cases when our unitholders are subject to the passive loss rules (generally, individuals and closely-held corporations), any losses generated by us will only be available to offset our future income and cannot be used to offset income from other activities, including other passive activities or investments. Unused losses may be deducted when the unitholder disposes of its entire investment in us in a fully taxable transaction with an unrelated party. A unitholder's share of our net passive income may be offset by unused losses from us carried over from prior years but not by losses from other passive activities, including losses from other publicly traded partnerships. Other limitations that may further restrict the deductibility of our losses by a unitholder include the at-risk rules, the excess loss limitation rules for non-corporate unitholders that applies until January 1, 2026, and the prohibition against loss allocations in excess of the unitholder's tax basis in its units. 
 
 We prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our units each month based upon the ownership of our units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. 
 
 We prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our units each month based upon the ownership of our units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. Treasury regulations permit publicly traded partnerships to use a monthly simplifying convention that is similar to 
 42 

ours, but they do not specifically authorize all aspects of the proration method we have adopted. Therefore, the use of our proration method may not be permitted under existing Treasury regulations, and, accordingly, our counsel is unable to opine as to the validity of such method. If the IRS were to challenge our proration method, we may be required to change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. 
 
 A unitholder whose units are loaned to a "short seller" to cover a short sale of units may be considered as having disposed of those units. If so, he would no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan and may recognize gain or loss from the disposition. 
 
 Because a unitholder whose units are loaned to a "short seller" to cover a short sale of units may be considered as having disposed of the loaned units, he may no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan to the short seller and the unitholder may recognize gain or loss from such disposition. Moreover, during the period of the loan to the short seller any of our income, gain, loss or deduction with respect to those units may not be reportable by the unitholder and any cash distributions received by the unitholder as to those units could be fully taxable as ordinary income. Our counsel has not rendered an opinion regarding the treatment of a unitholder where common units are loaned to a short seller to cover a short sale of common units; therefore, unitholders desiring to assure their status as partners and avoid the risk of gain recognition from a loan to a short seller are urged to modify any applicable brokerage account agreements to prohibit their brokers from borrowing their units. 
 
 We have adopted certain valuation methodologies and monthly conventions for U.S. federal income tax purposes that may result in a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of our units. 
 
 When we issue additional units or engage in certain other transactions, we will determine the fair market value of our assets. Although we may from time to time consult with professional appraisers regarding valuation matters, we make many fair market value estimates using a methodology based on the market value of our units as a means to measure the fair market value of our assets. The IRS may challenge these valuation methods and the resulting allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction. 
 
 A successful IRS challenge to these methods or allocations could adversely affect the amount, character and timing of taxable income or loss being allocated to our unitholders. It also could affect the amount of taxable gain from our unitholders' sale of units and could have a negative impact on the value of the units or result in audit adjustments to our unitholders' tax returns without the benefit of additional deductions. 
 43 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 A description of our properties is contained in "Item 1. Business" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 We believe we have satisfactory title to our assets. Some of the easements, rights-of-way, permits, licenses or similar documents relating to the use of the properties that have been transferred to us in connection with our initial public offering and the assets we acquired in our acquisitions, required the consent of third parties, which in some cases is a governmental entity. We believe we have obtained sufficient third-party consents, permits and authorizations for the transfer of assets necessary for us to operate our business in all material respects. With respect to any third-party consents, permits or authorizations that have not been obtained, we believe the failure to obtain these consents, permits or authorizations will not have a material adverse effect on the operation of our business. Title to our property may be subject to encumbrances, including liens in favor of our secured lender. We believe none of these encumbrances materially detract from the value of our properties or our interest in these properties or materially interfere with their use in the operation of our business. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we are subject to certain legal proceedings, claims and disputes that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although we cannot predict the outcomes of these legal proceedings, these actions, in the aggregate, could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. A description of our legal proceedings is included in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 19. Commitments and Contingencies", and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 44 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Our Common Equity, Related Unitholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information and Holders 
 
 Our common units are traded on the NASDAQ under the symbol "MMLP." As of March 2, 2023, there were approximately 198 holders of record and approximately 9,499 beneficial owners of our common units. 
 
 Cash Distribution Policy 
 
 Within 45 days after the end of each quarter, we distribute all of our available cash, as defined in our Partnership Agreement, to unitholders of record on the applicable record date. Our general partner has broad discretion to establish cash reserves that it determines are necessary or appropriate to properly conduct our business. These can include cash reserves for future capital and maintenance expenditures, reserves to stabilize distributions of cash to the unitholders and our general partner, reserves to reduce debt, or, as necessary, reserves to comply with the terms of any of our agreements or obligations. Our distributions are made 98 to unitholders and 2 to our general partner. 
 
 Our ability to distribute available cash is contractually restricted by the terms of our credit facility. Our credit facility contains covenants requiring us to maintain certain financial ratios. We are prohibited from making any distributions to unitholders if the distribution would cause a default or an event of default, or a default or an event of default exists, under our credit facility. Please read "Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Description of Our Credit Facility." 
 
 Quarterly Distribution. On January 23, 2023, we declared a quarterly cash distribution of 0.005 per common unit for the fourth quarter of 2022, or 0.02 per common unit on an annualized basis, which was paid on February 14, 2023 to unitholders of record as of February 7, 2023. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

45 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 
 
 We are a publicly traded limited partnership with a diverse set of operations focused primarily in the Gulf Coast region of the U.S. Our four primary business lines include: 
 
 Terminalling, processing, storage and packaging services for petroleum products and by-products including the refining of naphthenic crude oil; 
 
 Land and marine transportation services for petroleum products and by-products, chemicals, and specialty products; 
 
 Sulfur and sulfur-based products processing, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution; and 
 
 NGL marketing, distribution, and transportation services. 
 
 The petroleum products and by-products we collect, transport, store and market are produced primarily by major and independent oil and gas companies who often turn to third parties, such as us, for the transportation and disposition of these products. In addition to these major and independent oil and gas companies, our primary customers include independent refiners, large chemical companies, and other wholesale purchasers of these products. We operate primarily in the Gulf Coast region of the U.S. This region is a major hub for petroleum refining, natural gas gathering and processing, and support services for the exploration and production industry. 
 
 Significant Recent Developments 
 
 Issuance of 2028 Notes to Refinance Existing Secured Notes . On February 8, 2023, we completed the sale of 400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2028 Notes. We used the proceeds of the 2028 Notes to complete the tender offers for substantially all of our 2024 Notes and 2025 Notes, redeem all 2024 Notes and 2025 Notes that were not validly tendered, repay a portion of the indebtedness under our credit facility, and pay fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing. Simultaneously with the issuance of the 2028 Notes we amended our credit facility to, among other things, reduce the commitments thereunder from 275.0 million to 200.0 million (with further scheduled reductions to 175.0 million on June 30, 2023 and 150.0 million on June 30, 2024) and extend the scheduled maturity date of the credit facility to February 8, 2027. 
 
 Exit from Butane Optimization Business. In January 2023, we announced that we anticipate the exit of our butane optimization business at the conclusion of the butane selling season during the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 Electronic Level Sulfuric Acid Joint Venture. On October 19, 2022, Martin ELSA Investment LLC, our affiliate, entered into definitive agreements with Samsung C T America, Inc. and Dongjin USA, Inc., an affiliate of Dongjin Semichem Co., Ltd., to form DSM. DSM will produce and distribute ELSA. By leveraging our existing assets located in Plainview, Texas and installing the ELSA Facility as required, DSM will produce ELSA that meets the strict quality standards required by the recent advances in semiconductor manufacturing. In addition to owning a 10 non-controlling interest in DSM, we will be the exclusive provider of feedstock to the ELSA Facility. We, through our affiliate MTI, will also provide land transportation services to end-users of the ELSA produced by DSM. The Partnership expects to fund approximately 20.0 million in aggregate capital expenditures in connection with this joint venture and the Partnership s related services in 2023 and 2024. 
 
 Divestiture of Stockton, California Sulfur Terminal. On October 7, 2022, we closed on the sale of our Stockton Sulfur Terminal to Gulf Terminals LLC for net proceeds of approximately 5.25 million, which were used to reduce outstanding borrowings under our credit facility. 
 
 For more information about the potential physical effects of climate change and environmental regulation on our business, see our environmental and climate change related risk factors in Section 1A Risk Factors. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 
 Quarterly Distribution. On January 23, 2023, we declared a quarterly cash distribution of 0.005 per common unit for the fourth quarter of 2022, or 0.02 per common unit on an annualized basis, which was paid on February 14, 2023 to unitholders of record as of February 7, 2023. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 46 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on the historical consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. We prepared these financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP" or "GAAP"). The preparation of these financial statements required us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We based our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. We routinely evaluate these estimates, utilizing historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances. Our results may differ from these estimates, and any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. Changes in these estimates could materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. You should also read Note 2, "Significant Accounting Policies" in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The following table evaluates the potential impact of estimates utilized during the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Description Judgments and Uncertainties Effect if Actual Results Differ from Estimates and Assumptions Impairment of Long-Lived Assets We periodically evaluate whether the carrying value of long-lived assets has been impaired when circumstances indicate the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. These evaluations are based on undiscounted cash flow projections over the remaining useful life of the asset. The carrying value is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows. Any impairment loss is measured as the excess of the asset's carrying value over its fair value. Our impairment analyses require management to use judgment in estimating future cash flows and useful lives, as well as assessing the probability of different outcomes. Applying this impairment review methodology, no impairment was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. We recorded an impairment charge of 3.1 million and 1.3 million in our Terminalling and Storage and Transportation segments, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2020. Impairment of Goodwill Goodwill is subject to a fair-value based impairment test on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. When assessing the recoverability of goodwill , we may first assess qualitative factors in determining whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. After assessing qualitative factors, if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then performing a quantitative assessment is not required. If an initial qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of a reporting unit, a quantitative analysis will be performed. We may also elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to a quantitative analysis depending on the facts and circumstances. As part of the quantitative evaluation, we determine fair value using accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow, the guideline public company method and the guideline transaction method. These analyses require management to make assumptions and estimates regarding industry and economic factors, future operating results and discount rates. We conduct impairment testing using present economic conditions, as well as future expectations. Based upon the most recent annual review as of August 31, 2022, no goodwill impairment exists within our reporting units for the year ended December 31, 2022. No goodwill impairment was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 47 

Our Relationship with Martin Resource Management Corporation 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation directs our business operations through its ownership of our general partner and under the Omnibus Agreement. In addition to the direct expenses payable to Martin Resource Management Corporation under the Omnibus Agreement, we are required to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for indirect general and administrative and corporate overhead expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the board of directors of our general partner approved reimbursement amounts of 13.5 million, 14.4 million and 16.4 million, respectively, reflecting our allocable share of such expenses. The board of directors of our general partner will review and approve future adjustments in the reimbursement amount for indirect expenses, if any, annually. 
 
 We are required to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for all direct expenses it incurs or payments it makes on our behalf or in connection with the operation of our business. Martin Resource Management Corporation also licenses certain of its trademarks and trade names to us under the Omnibus Agreement. 
 
 We are both an important supplier to and customer of Martin Resource Management Corporation. All of these services and goods are purchased and sold pursuant to the terms of a number of agreements between us and Martin Resource Management Corporation. For a more comprehensive discussion concerning the Omnibus Agreement and the other agreements that we have entered into with Martin Resource Management Corporation, please see "Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence." 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 To assist management in assessing our business, we use the following non-GAAP financial measures: earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"), adjusted EBITDA (as defined below), distributable cash flow available to common unitholders Distributable Cash Flow ), and free cash flow after growth capital expenditures and principal payments under finance lease obligations ("Adjusted Free Cash Flow"). Our management uses a variety of financial and operational measurements other than our financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP to analyze our performance. 
 
 Certain items excluded from EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are significant components in understanding and assessing an entity's financial performance, such as cost of capital and historical costs of depreciable assets. 
 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA . We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA before unit-based compensation expenses, gains and losses on the disposition of property, plant and equipment, impairment and other similar non-cash adjustments. Adjusted EBITDA is used as a supplemental performance and liquidity measure by our management and by external users of our financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks, research analysts, and others, to assess: 
 
 the financial performance of our assets without regard to financing methods, capital structure, or historical cost basis; 
 the ability of our assets to generate cash sufficient to pay interest costs, support our indebtedness, and make cash distributions to our unitholders; and 
 our operating performance and return on capital as compared to those of other companies in the midstream energy sector, without regard to financing methods or capital structure. 
 
 The GAAP measures most directly comparable to adjusted EBITDA are net income (loss) and net cash provided by (used in) operating activities. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income (loss), operating income (loss), net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies because other companies may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same manner. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not include interest expense, income tax expense, and depreciation and amortization. Because we have borrowed money to finance our operations, interest expense is a necessary element of our costs and our ability to generate cash available for distribution. Because we have capital assets, depreciation and amortization are also necessary elements of our costs. Therefore, any measures that exclude these elements have material limitations. To compensate for these limitations, we believe that it is important to consider net income (loss) and net cash provided by (used in) operating activities as determined under GAAP, as well as adjusted EBITDA, to evaluate our overall performance. 
 
 Distributable Cash Flow. We define Distributable Cash Flow as Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities less cash received (plus cash paid) for closed commodity derivative positions included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), plus changes in operating assets and liabilities which (provided) used cash, less maintenance capital 
 48 

expenditures and plant turnaround costs. Distributable Cash Flow is a significant performance measure used by our management and by external users of our financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks and research analysts, to compare basic cash flows generated by us to the cash distributions we expect to pay unitholders. Distributable Cash Flow is also an important financial measure for our unitholders since it serves as an indicator of our success in providing a cash return on investment. Specifically, this financial measure indicates to investors whether or not we are generating cash flow at a level that can sustain or support an increase in our quarterly distribution rates. Distributable Cash Flow is also a quantitative standard used throughout the investment community with respect to publicly-traded partnerships because the value of a unit of such an entity is generally determined by the unit's yield, which in turn is based on the amount of cash distributions the entity pays to a unitholder. 
 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow. We define Adjusted Free Cash Flow as Distributable Cash Flow less growth capital expenditures and principal payments under finance lease obligations. Adjusted Free Cash Flow is a significant performance measure used by our management and by external users of our financial statements and represents how much cash flow a business generates during a specified time period after accounting for all capital expenditures, including expenditures for growth and maintenance capital projects. We believe that Adjusted Free Cash Flow is important to investors, lenders, commercial banks and research analysts since it reflects the amount of cash available for reducing debt, investing in additional capital projects, paying distributions, and similar matters. Our calculation of Adjusted Free Cash Flow may or may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other entities. 
 
 The GAAP measure most directly comparable to Distributable Cash Flow and Adjusted Free Cash Flow is Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities. Distributable Cash Flow and Adjusted Free Cash Flow should not be considered alternatives to, or more meaningful than, Net Income (Loss), Operating Income (Loss), Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities, or any other measure of liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. Distributable Cash Flow and Adjusted Free Cash Flow have important limitations because they exclude some items that affect Net Income (Loss), Operating Income (Loss), and Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities. Distributable Cash Flow and Adjusted Free Cash Flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies because other companies may not calculate these non-GAAP metrics in the same manner. To compensate for these limitations, we believe that it is important to consider Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities determined under GAAP, as well as Distributable Cash Flow and Adjusted Free Cash Flow, to evaluate our overall liquidity. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The following tables reconcile the non-GAAP financial measurements used by management to our most directly comparable GAAP measures for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which represents EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Distributable Cash Flow, and Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
 
 Reconciliation of Net Loss to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net loss (10,334) (211) Adjustments: Interest expense 53,665 54,107 Income tax expense 7,927 3,380 Depreciation and amortization 56,280 56,751 EBITDA 107,538 114,027 Adjustments: (Gain) loss on disposition of property, plant and equipment (5,669) 534 Gain on involuntary conversion of property, plant and equipment (196) Unrealized mark-to-market on commodity derivatives (207) Lower of cost or market and other non-cash adjustments 12,850 Unit-based compensation 161 384 Adjusted EBITDA 114,880 114,542 
 
 49 

Reconciliation of Net Cash provided by Operating Activities to Adjusted EBITDA, Distributable Cash Flow, and Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 16,148 35,729 Interest expense 1 
 50,513 50,740 Current income tax expense 2,183 948 Lower of cost or market and other non-cash adjustments 12,850 Loss on exchange of senior unsecured notes Non-cash impact related to exchange of senior unsecured notes Commodity cash flow hedging gains reclassified to earnings 901 Net cash received for closed commodity derivative positions included in AOCI (85) (816) Changes in operating assets and liabilities which (provided) used cash: Accounts and other receivables, inventories, and other current assets 38,179 42,936 Trade, accounts and other payables, and other current liabilities (4,428) (14,346) Other (1,381) (649) Adjusted EBITDA 114,880 114,542 Adjustments: Interest expense (53,665) (54,107) Income tax expense (7,927) (3,380) Deferred income taxes 5,744 2,432 Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs 3,152 3,367 Payments for plant turnaround costs (5,176) (4,109) Maintenance capital expenditures (19,074) (14,115) Distributable Cash Flow 37,934 44,630 Principal payments under finance lease obligations (279) (2,707) Expansion capital expenditures (6,883) (4,705) Adjusted Free Cash Flow 30,772 37,218 
 
 1 Net of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount and premium, which are included in interest expense but not included in net cash provided by operating activities. 
 50 

Results of Operations 
 
 The results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 have been derived from our consolidated financial statements. Discussions of the year ended December 31, 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and year-to-year comparisons of the year ended December 31, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and the Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 We evaluate segment performance on the basis of operating income, which is derived by subtracting cost of products sold, operating expenses, selling, general and administrative expenses, and depreciation and amortization expense from revenues. 
 
 Our consolidated results of operations are presented on a comparative basis below. There are certain items of income and expense which we do not allocate on a segment basis. These items, including interest expense, and indirect selling, general and administrative expenses, are discussed after the comparative discussion of our results within each segment. 
 
 The following table sets forth our operating revenues and operating income by segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 51 

Operating Revenues Revenues Intersegment Eliminations Operating Revenues after Eliminations Operating Income (loss) Operating Income Intersegment Eliminations Operating Income (loss) after Eliminations (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022: Terminalling and storage 228,793 (6,509) 222,284 18,902 (4,009) 14,893 Natural gas liquids 398,425 (3) 398,422 (16,268) 14,415 (1,853) Sulfur services 179,164 179,164 24,186 9,960 34,146 Transportation 239,275 (20,267) 219,008 41,357 (20,366) 20,991 Indirect selling, general and administrative 
 (16,914) (16,914) Total 1,045,657 (26,779) 1,018,878 51,263 51,263 Year Ended December 31, 2021: Terminalling and storage 185,629 (6,597) 179,032 15,462 (4,677) 10,785 Natural gas liquids 414,043 414,043 25,566 12,532 38,098 Sulfur services 145,042 145,042 23,965 9,007 32,972 Transportation 161,180 (16,866) 144,314 8,416 (16,862) (8,446) Indirect selling, general and administrative 
 (16,129) (16,129) Total 905,894 (23,463) 882,431 57,280 57,280 Year Ended December 31, 2020: Terminalling and storage 191,041 (6,877) 184,164 23,969 (1,816) 22,153 Natural gas liquids 247,484 (5) 247,479 9,660 12,444 22,104 Sulfur services 108,020 (13) 108,007 29,001 7,255 36,256 Transportation 150,285 (17,793) 132,492 1,781 (17,883) (16,102) Indirect selling, general and administrative 
 (17,909) (17,909) Total 696,830 (24,688) 672,142 46,502 46,502 
 
 52 

Terminalling and Storage Segment 
 
 Comparative Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, Variance Percent Change 2022 2021 (In thousands) Revenues: Services 86,664 81,762 4,902 6 Products 142,129 103,867 38,262 37 Total revenues 228,793 185,629 43,164 23 Cost of products sold 116,117 83,081 33,036 40 Operating expenses 58,748 52,972 5,776 11 Selling, general and administrative expenses 6,626 6,052 574 9 Depreciation and amortization 28,234 28,210 24 19,068 15,314 3,754 25 Other operating loss, net (166) (48) (118) (246) Gain on involuntary conversion of property, plant and equipment 196 (196) (100) Operating income 18,902 15,462 3,440 22 Shore-based throughput volumes (gallons) 85,569 50,526 35,043 69 Smackover refinery throughput volumes (guaranteed minimum BBL per day) 6,500 6,500 
 
 Services revenues. Service revenues increased 4.9 million. Revenue at our Smackover Refinery increased 3.7 million, including 2.7 million in natural gas surcharge revenue, 0.9 million in reservation fees and 0.8 million in throughput fees, offset by a decrease of 0.8 million in pipeline revenue. In addition, revenue at our specialty terminals increased 0.7 million as a result of 0.6 million in throughput revenue and 0.1 million in service revenue. Our shore-based terminals increased 0.5 million due to 1.0 million in throughput revenue, offset by a reduction in space rent of 0.5 million. 
 
 Products revenues. A 31 increase in average sales price combined with a 4 increase in sales volumes at our blending and packaging facilities resulted in a 38.0 million increase in products revenues. 
 
 Cost of products sold. A 34 increase in average cost per gallon combined with a 4 increase in sales volumes at our blending and packaging facilities resulted in a 32.8 million increase in cost of goods sold. 
 
 Operating expenses. Operating expenses increased primarily as a result of natural gas utilities of 3.8 million and employee-related expenses of 1.6 million. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily as a result of increased employee-related expenses. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization remained relatively consistent. 
 
 Other operating loss, net. Other operating loss, net represents gains and losses from the disposition of property, plant and equipment. 
 
 Gain on involuntary conversion of property, plant and equipment. The 0.2 million gain for the year ended December 31, 2021 is due to insurance proceeds received related to structural damage at one of our shore-based terminals. 
 
 53 

Transportation Segment 
 
 Comparative Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, Variance Percent Change 2022 2021 (In thousands) Revenues 239,275 161,180 78,095 48 Operating expenses 176,198 129,449 46,749 36 Selling, general and administrative expenses 8,215 7,670 545 7 Depreciation and amortization 14,567 15,719 (1,152) (7) 40,295 8,342 31,953 383 Other operating income, net 1,062 74 988 1,335 Operating income 41,357 8,416 32,941 391 
 
 Marine Transportation Revenues . Inland and offshore revenues increased 12.2 million and 2.5 million, respectively, primarily related to higher utilization and transportation rates. Revenue was also impacted by an increase in pass-through revenue (primarily fuel) of 5.1 million. 
 
 Land Transportation Revenues. Freight revenue increased primarily due to a 25 increase in load count combined with a 7 increase in total miles, which resulted in a 34.4 million increase. Additionally, ancillary revenue increased 23.8 million . 
 
 Operating expenses . The increase in operating expenses is primarily a result of increased employee-related expenses of 24.2 million, pass through expenses (primarily fuel) of 14.0 million, insurance premiums of 2.0 million, lease expense of 1.7 million, and outside towing of 1.6 million. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to increased employee-related expenses. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation and amortization decreased as a result of recent disposals, offset by recent capital expenditures. 
 
 Other operating income, net. Other operating income, net represents gains from the disposition of property, plant and equipment. 

54 

Sulfur Services Segment 
 
 Comparative Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Variance Percent Change 2022 2021 (In thousands) Revenues: Services 12,337 11,799 538 5 Products 166,827 133,243 33,584 25 Total revenues 179,164 145,042 34,122 24 Cost of products sold 127,018 95,287 31,731 33 Operating expenses 15,335 10,203 5,132 50 Selling, general and administrative expenses 6,081 5,284 797 15 Depreciation and amortization 11,099 10,432 667 6 19,631 23,836 (4,205) (18) Other operating income, net 4,555 129 4,426 3,431 Operating income 24,186 23,965 221 1 Sulfur (long tons) 452.0 456.0 (4.0) (1) Fertilizer (long tons) 211.0 301.0 (90.0) (30) Sulfur services volumes (long tons) 663.0 757.0 (94.0) (12) 
 
 Services Revenues. Services revenues increased slightly as a result of a contractually prescribed, index-based fee adjustment. 
 
 Products Revenues. Products revenues increased 57.2 million as a result of a 43 rise in average sulfur services sales prices. Products revenues decreased an offsetting 23.7 million due to a 12 decrease in sales volumes, primarily related to a 30 decrease in fertilizer volumes. 
 
 Cost of products sold. An 52 increase in product cost impacted cost of products sold by 49.7 million, resulting from an increase in commodity prices. A 12 decrease in sales volumes resulted in an offsetting decrease in cost of products sold of 18.0 million. Margin per ton increased 9.90, or 20 . 
 
 Operating expenses. Operating expenses increased due to an increase in marine fuel expense of 2.1 million, outside towing of 1.2 million, insurance premiums and claims of 0.5 million, contract labor of 0.4 million, repairs and maintenance of marine assets of 0.3 million, and assist tugs of 0.3 million. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 0.8 million in employee related expenses. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization increased as a result of increased amortization of turnaround costs with a slight offset due to certain assets being fully depreciated. 
 
 Other operating income, net. Other operating income, net increased 4.4 million as a result of a net gain from the disposition of property, plant and equipment during 2022. 

55 

Natural Gas Liquids Segment 
 
 Comparative Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, Variance Percent Change 2022 2021 (In thousands) Products Revenues 398,425 414,043 (15,618) (4) Cost of products sold 403,922 375,239 28,683 8 Operating expenses 4,540 4,061 479 12 Selling, general and administrative expenses 4,069 6,098 (2,029) (33) Depreciation and amortization 2,380 2,390 (10) (16,486) 26,255 (42,741) (163) Other operating income (loss), net 218 (689) 907 132 Operating income (loss) (16,268) 25,566 (41,834) (164) NGLs Volumes (barrels) 5,791 7,121 (1,330) (19) 
 
 Products Revenues. Our NGL average sales price per barrel increased 10.66, or 18 , resulting in an increase to products revenues of 75.9 million. The increase in average sales price per barrel was a result of an increase in market prices. Product sales volumes decreased 19 , decreasing revenues 91.5 million. 
 
 Cost of products sold . Our average cost per barrel increased 13.81, or 26 , increasing cost of products sold by 98.3 million. The increase in average cost per barrel was a result of an increase in market prices. The decrease in sales volume of 19 resulted in a 88.4 million decrease to cost of products sold. Our margins decreased 3.15 per barrel, or 58 during the period. 
 
 Operating expenses . Operating expenses increased 0.5 million due to increased operating costs at our underground storage facility. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 2.0 million as a result of decreased compensation expense. 
 
 Other operating income (loss), net. Other operating income (loss), net represents gains and losses from the disposition of property, plant and equipment. 

Interest Expense 
 
 Comparative Components of Interest Expense, Net for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, Variance Percent Change 2022 2021 (In thousands) Credit facility 9,654 9,498 156 2 Senior notes 38,903 39,303 (400) (1) Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs 3,152 3,367 (215) (6) Amortization of debt premium Other 1,948 1,916 32 2 Finance leases 8 23 (15) (65) Capitalized interest Total interest expense, net 53,665 54,107 (442) (1) 
 
 56 

Indirect Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, Variance Percent Change 2022 2021 (In thousands) Indirect selling, general and administrative expenses 16,914 16,129 785 5 
 
 Indirect selling, general and administrative increased primarily due to increases in employee-related expenses of 1.2 million and professional fees of 0.3 million, offset by a 0.9 million decrease in the indirect expenses allocated from Martin Resource Management Corporation. 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation allocates to us a portion of its indirect selling, general and administrative expenses for services such as accounting, treasury, clerical, engineering, legal, billing, information technology, administration of insurance, general office expenses and employee benefit plans and other general corporate overhead functions we share with Martin Resource Management Corporation's retained businesses. This allocation is based on the percentage of time spent by Martin Resource Management Corporation personnel that provide such centralized services. GAAP also permits other methods for allocation of these expenses, such as basing the allocation on the percentage of revenues contributed by a segment. The allocation of these expenses between Martin Resource Management Corporation and us is subject to a number of judgments and estimates, regardless of the method used. We can provide no assurances that our method of allocation, in the past or in the future, is or will be the most accurate or appropriate method of allocation for these expenses. Other methods could result in a higher allocation of selling, general and administrative expense to us, which would reduce our net income. 
 
 Under the Omnibus Agreement, we are required to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for indirect general and administrative and corporate overhead expenses. The board of directors of our general partner approved the following reimbursement amounts: 
 Year Ended December 31, Variance Percent Change 2022 2021 (In thousands) Board approved reimbursement amount 13,491 14,386 (895) (6) 
 
 The amounts reflected above represent our allocable share of such expenses. The board of directors of our general partner will review and approve future adjustments in the reimbursement amount for indirect expenses, if any, annually. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 General 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity to meet operating expenses, service our indebtedness, pay distributions to our unitholders and fund capital expenditures have historically been cash flows generated by our operations, borrowings under our credit facility, and access to debt and equity capital markets, both public and private. Set forth below is a description of our cash flows for the periods indicated. 
 
 57 

Cash Flows - Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The following table details the cash flow changes between the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, Variance Percent Change 2022 2021 (In thousands) Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 16,148 35,729 (19,581) (55) Investing activities (24,644) (19,241) (5,403) (28) Financing activities 8,489 (21,394) 29,883 140 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (7) (4,906) 4,899 100 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities. Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 19.6 million primarily as a result of a decrease in operating results and non-cash items of 15.2 million combined with an unfavorable variance in changes in working capital of 5.2 million. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 5.4 million. An increase in cash used of 12.2 million resulted from higher payments for capital expenditures and plant turnaround costs in 2022. Offsetting this increase, net proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment increased 7.1 million. 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities. Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 29.9 million primarily as a result of a 30.6 million increase in net proceeds from long-term debt. 

Total Contractual Obligations 
 
 A summary of our total contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 is as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Payments due by period Type of Obligation Total Obligation Less than One Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years Due Thereafter Credit facility 1 
 171,000 171,000 11.5 senior secured notes, due 2025 291,381 291,381 10.0 senior secured notes, due 2024 53,750 53,750 Operating leases 45,756 12,151 17,760 8,792 7,053 Finance lease obligations 9 9 Interest payable on finance lease obligations Interest payable on fixed long-term debt obligations 80,218 38,884 41,334 Total contractual cash obligations 642,114 51,044 404,225 179,792 7,053 
 
 1 The credit facility was amended on February 8, 2023 to extend the maturity date to February 8, 2027. See more detailed discussion in the section captioned "Description of Our Indebtedness" below. 
 
 The interest payable under our credit facility is not reflected in the above table because such amounts depend on the outstanding balances and interest rates, which vary from time to time. 
 
 Letters of Credit . At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding irrevocable letters of credit in the amount of 20.8 million, which were issued under our credit facility. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements. We do not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements. 
 
 58 

Description of Our Indebtedness 
 
 Credit Facility 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we maintained a 275.0 million credit facility that was scheduled to mature on August 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we had 171.0 million outstanding under the credit facility and 20.4 million of outstanding irrevocable letters of credit, leaving a maximum amount available to be borrowed under our credit facility for future borrowings and letters of credit of 83.6 million. After giving effect to our then current borrowings, outstanding letters of credit and the financial covenants contained in our credit facility, we had the ability to borrow approximately 62.7 million in additional amounts thereunder as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Effective February 8, 2023, in connection with the completion of our sale of the 2028 Notes, we amended our credit facility (the amended credit facility to, among other things, reduce the commitments thereunder from 275.0 million to 200.0 million (with further scheduled reductions to 175.0 million on June 30, 2023 and 150.0 million on June 30, 2024) and extend the scheduled maturity date of the amended credit facility to February 8, 2027. The commitments under the amended credit facility can be increased from time to time upon our request, subject to certain conditions (including the consent of the increasing lenders), up to an additional 50.0 million. 
 
 The amended credit facility is used for ongoing working capital needs and general partnership purposes, including to finance permitted investments, acquisitions and capital expenditures. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of our credit facility has ranged from a low of 141.5 million to a high of 219.0 million. 
 
 The amended credit facility is guaranteed by substantially all of our subsidiaries, other than Martin ELSA Investment LLC. Obligations under the amended credit facility are secured by first priority liens on substantially all of our assets and those of the guarantors, including, without limitation, inventory, accounts receivable, bank accounts, marine vessels, equipment, fixed assets and the interests in certain subsidiaries. 
 
 We may prepay all amounts outstanding under the amended credit facility at any time without premium or penalty (other than customary breakage costs associated with Term SOFR (as defined in the amended credit facility), subject to certain notice requirements. The amended credit facility requires mandatory prepayments of amounts outstanding thereunder with excess cash that exceeds 25.0 million and the net proceeds of certain asset sales. 
 
 Indebtedness under the credit facility bears interest at our option at the Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the amended credit facility), plus an applicable margin, or the Alternate Base Rate (the highest of the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 , the one-month Adjusted Term SOFR plus 1.0 , or the administrative agent s prime rate) plus an applicable margin. We pay a per annum fee on all letters of credit issued under the amended credit facility, and we pay a commitment fee per annum on the unused revolving credit commitments under the amended credit facility. The letter of credit fee, the commitment fee and the applicable margins for our interest rate vary quarterly based on our Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the amended credit facility, being generally computed as the ratio of total funded debt to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and certain other non-cash charges) and are as follows: 
 
 Leverage Ratio 
 ABR Loans Term SOFR Rate Loans and Letters of Credit Less than 3.00 to 1.00 1.75 2.75 Greater than or equal to 3.00 to 1.00 and less than 3.50 to 1.00 2.00 3.00 Greater than or equal to 3.50 to 1.00 and less than 4.00 to 1.00 2.25 3.25 Greater than or equal to 4.00 to 1.00 and less than 4.50 to 1.00 2.50 3.50 Greater than or equal to 4.50 to 1.00 2.75 3.75 
 
 The applicable margin for LIBOR borrowings at December 31, 2022 was 3.50 . 
 
 The amended credit facility includes financial covenants that are tested on a quarterly basis, based on the rolling four quarter period that ends on the last day of each fiscal quarter, that require maintenance of: 
 
 a minimum Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the amended credit facility) of at least 2.00:1.00; 
 a maximum Total Leverage Ratio of not more than 4.75:1.00, stepping down to 4.50:1.00 on March 31, 2025; and 
 59 

a maximum First Lien Leverage Ratio (as defined in the amended credit facility) of not more than 1.50:1.00. 
 
 In addition, the amended credit facility contains various covenants, which, among other things, limit our and our subsidiaries ability to: (i) grant or assume liens; (ii) make investments (including investments in our joint ventures) and acquisitions; (iii) enter into certain types of hedging agreements; (iv) incur or assume indebtedness; (v) sell, transfer, assign or convey assets; (vi) repurchase our equity, make distributions (including a limit on our ability to make quarterly distributions to unitholders in excess of 0.005 per unit unless our Total Leverage Ratio is below 3.75:1:00, pro forma first lien leverage is less than 1.00 to 1.00, and our pro forma liquidity is greater than or equal to 35 of the commitments under our amended credit facility) and certain other restricted payments; (vii) change the nature of our business; (viii) engage in transactions with affiliates; (ix) enter into certain burdensome agreements; (x) make certain amendments to the Omnibus Agreement and our material agreements; and (xi) permit our joint ventures to incur indebtedness or grant certain liens. 
 
 The amended credit facility contains customary events of default, including, without limitation: (i) failure to pay any principal, interest, fees, expenses or other amounts when due; (ii) failure to meet the quarterly financial covenants; (iii) failure to observe any other agreement, obligation, or covenant in the amended credit facility or any related loan document, subject to cure periods for certain failures; (iv) the failure of any representation or warranty to be materially true and correct when made; (v) our, or any of our subsidiaries default under other indebtedness that exceeds a threshold amount; (vi) bankruptcy or other insolvency events involving us or any of our subsidiaries; (vii) judgments against us or any of our subsidiaries, in excess of a threshold amount; (viii) certain ERISA events involving us or any of our subsidiaries, in excess of a threshold amount; (ix) a change in control (as defined in the amended credit facility); and (x) the invalidity of any of the loan documents or the failure of any of the collateral documents to create a lien on the collateral. 
 
 The amended credit facility also contains certain default provisions relating to Martin Resource Management Corporation. If Martin Resource Management Corporation no longer controls our general partner, the lenders under the amended credit facility may declare all amounts outstanding thereunder immediately due and payable. In addition, an event of default by Martin Resource Management Corporation under its credit facility could independently result in an event of default under our amended credit facility if it is deemed to have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 If an event of default relating to bankruptcy or other insolvency events occurs with respect to us or any of our subsidiaries, all indebtedness under our amended credit facility will immediately become due and payable. If any other event of default exists under our amended credit facility, the lenders may terminate their commitments to lend us money, accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness outstanding under the amended credit facility and exercise other rights and remedies. In addition, if any event of default exists under our amended credit facility, the lenders may commence foreclosure or other actions against the collateral. 
 
 2025 Senior Secured Notes and Indenture 
 
 Pursuant to our exchange offer (the the Exchange Offer to certain eligible holders of our 7.25 senior unsecured notes due 2021 (the 2021 Notes ), we and Martin Midstream Finance Corp., our wholly owned subsidiary (collectively the "Issuers") issued 292.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 11.50 senior secured second lien notes due 2025 (the "2025 Notes"). The 2025 Notes were issued to eligible holders that participated in the Exchange Offer pursuant to an indenture, dated as of August 12, 2020 (the "2025 Notes Indenture"), among the Issuers, the guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral trustee. 
 
 The 2025 Notes were guaranteed on a full, joint and several basis by each of the Partnership s domestic restricted subsidiaries (other than Martin Midstream Finance Corp. and Talen s Marine Fuel, LLC). The 2025 Notes and the guarantees thereof were secured on a third-priority basis by a lien on substantially all assets of the Issuers and the guarantors, subject to the terms of an intercreditor agreement and certain other exceptions. 
 
 The 2025 Notes were scheduled to mature on February 28, 2025. Interest on the 2025 Notes accrued at a rate of 11.50 per annum and was payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year. On February 8, 2023, we used the net proceeds of the 2028 Notes to complete a tender offer for substantially all of the 2025 Notes and redeem all of the 2025 Notes that were not validly tendered. 
 
 2024 Senior Secured Notes and Indenture 
 
 Pursuant to the rights offering in connection with the Exchange Offer, the Issuers issued 53.8 million aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 10.00 senior secured 1.5 lien notes due 2024 (the "2024 Notes"). The 2024 Notes were issued to eligible holders that participated in the Exchange Offer pursuant to an indenture, dated as of August 12, 2020 (the "2024 
 60 

Notes Indenture"), among the Issuers, the guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral trustee. 
 
 The 2024 Notes were guaranteed on a full, joint and several basis by the guarantors of the 2025 Notes. The 2024 Notes and the guarantees thereof were secured on a second-priority basis by a lien on substantially all assets of the Issuers and the guarantors, subject to the terms of an intercreditor agreement and certain other exceptions. 
 
 The 2024 Notes were scheduled to mature on February 29, 2024. Interest on the 2024 Notes accrued at a rate of 10.00 per annum and was payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year. On February 8, 2023, we used the net proceeds of the 2028 Notes to complete a tender offer for substantially all of the 2024 Notes and redeem all of the 2024 Notes that were not validly tendered. 
 
 2028 Senior Secured Notes and Indenture 
 
 General 
 
 On February 8, 2023, the Issuers issued 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of their 11.50 senior secured second lien notes due 2028 (the "2028 Notes"). The 2028 Notes were issued under an indenture, dated as of February 8, 2023 (the "2028 Notes Indenture"), among the Issuers, the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and as collateral trustee. 
 
 The 2028 Notes are guaranteed on a full, joint and several basis by each of the Partnership s domestic restricted subsidiaries (other than Martin Midstream Finance Corp.). The 2028 Notes will be guaranteed in the future by each of our domestic restricted subsidiaries, in each case, if and so long as such entity guarantees (or is an obligor with respect to) any other indebtedness for borrowed money of either the Issuers or any guarantor. The 2028 Notes and the guarantees thereof are secured on a second-priority basis by a lien on substantially all assets of the Issuers and the guarantors, subject to the terms of an intercreditor agreement (the Intercreditor Agreement and certain exceptions. 
 
 The 2028 Notes and the guarantees thereof are, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, secured by second-priority liens and thus are effectively junior to any obligations under our credit facility, which are secured on a "first-lien" basis, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such first-lien and second-lien obligations. The 2028 Notes and the guarantees thereof rank effectively senior to all of the Issuers existing and future unsecured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the collateral securing the 2028 Notes and such guarantees. 
 
 Maturity and Interest 
 
 The 2028 Notes will mature on February 15, 2028. Interest on the 2028 Notes accrues at a rate of 11.50 per annum and is payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on August 15, 2023. 
 
 Redemption 
 
 At any time prior to August 15, 2025, the Issuers may on any one or more occasions redeem up to 35 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes at a redemption price of 111.50 of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, with an amount not greater than the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings by the Partnership, so long as the redemption occurs within 180 days of completing such equity offering and 65 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes remains outstanding immediately after such redemption. In addition, at any time prior to August 15, 2025, the Issuers may redeem all or a portion of the 2028 Notes at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes redeemed, plus an applicable make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 
 
 On and after August 15, 2025, the Issuers may redeem all or a portion of the 2028 Notes at redemption prices set forth in the 2028 Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 
 
 If a Change of Control (as defined in the 2028 Indenture) occurs, the Partnership must offer to repurchase the 2028 Notes at a price equal to 101 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. 
 
 Certain Covenants and Events of Default 
 
 61 

The terms of the 2028 Notes Indenture, among other things, limit the ability of the Partnership and certain of its subsidiaries to make distributions and other restricted payments, sell assets, make investments, create liens on assets, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of its assets and the assets of its subsidiaries. 
 
 The 2028 Notes Indenture provides for customary events of default, which include (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods), among others: nonpayment of principal or interest; breach of other agreements in the Indenture; defaults in failure to pay certain other indebtedness; the failure to pay final judgments of certain amounts of money against the Partnership or certain of its subsidiaries; the failure of certain guarantees to be enforceable; and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency. Generally, if an event of default occurs and is not cured within the time periods specified, the trustee under the 2028 Notes Indenture or the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of the 2028 Notes may declare all the 2028 Notes to be due and payable immediately. 
 
 Capital Resources and Liquidity 
 
 Historically, we have generally satisfied our working capital requirements and funded our debt service obligations and capital expenditures with cash generated from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 0.05 million and available borrowing capacity of 83.6 million under our credit facility with 171.0 million of borrowings outstanding. After giving effect to our then current borrowings, letters of credit, and the financial covenants contained in our credit facility, we had the ability to borrow approximately 62.7 million in additional amounts thereunder as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, our credit facility was scheduled to mature on August 31, 2023. We amended our credit facility effective as of February 8, 2023, to, among other things, reduce the commitments thereunder from 275.0 million to 200.0 million (with further scheduled reductions to 175.0 million on June 30, 2023 and 150.0 million on June 30, 2024) and extend the scheduled maturity date of the credit facility to February 8, 2027. 
 
 We expect that our primary sources of liquidity to meet operating expenses, service our indebtedness, pay distributions to our unitholders and fund capital expenditures will be provided by cash flows generated by our operations, borrowings under our credit facility and access to the debt and equity capital markets. Our ability to generate cash from operations will depend upon our future operating performance, which is subject to certain risks. For a discussion of such risks, please read "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this Form 10-K. In addition, due to the covenants in our credit facility, our financial and operating performance impacts the amount we are permitted to borrow under that facility. 
 
 The Partnership is in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2022 and expects to be in compliance for the next twelve months. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are subject to interest rate risk on our credit facility due to the variable interest rate and may enter into interest rate swaps to reduce this variable rate risk. 

Seasonality 
 
 A substantial portion of our revenues is dependent on sales prices of products, particularly NGLs and fertilizers, which fluctuate in part based on winter and spring weather conditions. The demand for NGLs is strongest during the winter heating season and refinery blending season. The demand for fertilizers is strongest during the early spring planting season. However, our Terminalling and Storage and Transportation business segments and the molten sulfur business are typically not impacted by seasonal fluctuations and a significant portion of our net income is derived from our Terminalling and Storage, Sulfur Services and Transportation business segments. Further, extraordinary weather events, such as hurricanes, have in the past, and could in the future, impact our Terminalling and Storage, Sulfur Services, and Transportation business segments. 
 
 62 

Impact of Inflation 
 
 Inflation did not have a material impact on our results of operations in 2022, 2021 or 2020. Inflation may increase the cost to acquire or replace property, plant and equipment. It may also increase the costs of labor and supplies. In the future, increasing energy prices for products consumed by our operations, such as diesel fuel, natural gas, chemicals, and other supplies, could adversely affect our results of operations. An increase in price of these products would increase our operating expenses which could adversely affect net income. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to pass along increased operating expenses to our customers. 

Environmental Matters 
 
 Our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations adopted by various governmental authorities in the jurisdictions in which these operations are conducted. We incurred no material environmental costs, liabilities or expenditures to mitigate or eliminate environmental contamination during 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 63 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Commodity Risk. The Partnership from time to time uses derivatives to manage the risk of commodity price fluctuation. Commodity risk is the adverse effect on the value of a liability or future purchase that results from a change in commodity price. We have established a hedging policy and monitor and manage the commodity market risk associated with potential commodity risk exposure. In addition, we focus on utilizing counterparties for these transactions whose financial condition is appropriate for the credit risk involved in each specific transaction. 
 
 Our hedging strategy is designed to protect us from excessive pricing volatility. However, since we do not typically hedge 100 of our exposure, abnormal price volatility in any of these commodity markets could influence operating income. 
 
 For derivatives designated in cash flow hedging relationships, we record the gains and losses from the use of these instruments in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the consolidated balance sheets and subsequently recognize the accumulated gains and losses into cost of products sold in the same period when the associated underlying transactions occur. At December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding hedge positions. See Note 11, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," in Item 8 for further information on our outstanding derivatives. 
 
 All outstanding commodity derivative positions were closed prior to December 31, 2022. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk. We are exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of our credit facility, which had a weighted-average interest rate of 7.81 as of December 31, 2022. Based on the amount of unhedged floating rate debt owed by us on December 31, 2022, the impact of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates on this amount of debt would result in an increase in interest expense and a corresponding decrease in net income of approximately 1.7 million annually. 
 
 We are not exposed to changes in interest rates with respect to our 2024 Notes and 2025 Notes as these obligations are fixed rate. Based on the quoted prices for identical liabilities in markets that are not active at December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the 2024 Notes and 2025 Notes was 54.1 million and 290.7 million, respectively. Market risk is estimated as the potential decrease in fair value of our long-term debt resulting from a hypothetical increase of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates. Such an increase in interest rates at December 31, 2022 would result in a 0.04 million decrease in the fair value of our 2024 Notes and a 0.5 million decrease in the fair value of our 2025 Notes. 

64 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The following financial statements of Martin Midstream Partners L.P. (Partnership) are listed below: 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP, Dallas, TX, Auditor Firm ID 
 66 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Capital (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 74 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 75 

65 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Unitholders and Board of Directors 
 Martin Midstream Partners L.P. and Martin Midstream GP LLC: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Martin Midstream Partners L.P. and subsidiaries (the Partnership) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in capital (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 2, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Evaluation of the recoverability of certain long-lived assets 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Partnership reviews long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment and intangible assets with definite lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable (triggering events). Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, the Partnership measures the amount of the impairment by comparing the carrying amount to its estimated fair value. The carrying value of property, plant and equipment at December 31, 2022 was 319,290 thousand. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the recoverability of a certain long-lived asset group in the transportation segment as a critical audit matter. A triggering event was identified as of an interim period in the fiscal year. A higher degree of subjective auditor judgement was required to evaluate the forecasted revenue used in the asset group s future undiscounted cash flows. Specifically, the forecasted revenue was challenging to evaluate as the future undiscounted cash flows were 
 66 

sensitive to minor changes in certain assumptions in the development of forecasted revenue that could have a significant effect on the Partnership s assessment of the recoverability of the long-lived asset group. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Partnership s long-lived asset impairment assessment process. This included controls related to the development of the certain asset group s future undiscounted cash flows, including the development of forecasted revenue. We performed sensitivity analyses to assess the impact of reasonably possible changes to certain revenue assumptions. We assessed the Partnership s forecasted revenue by comparing to historical results, existing long-term contracts, and industry forecasts. We examined quarterly trends of actual financial results within the most recent fiscal year and compared those trends with the asset group s forecasted financial results. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Partnership s auditor since 2002. 

March 2, 2023 
 
 67 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Unitholders and Board of Directors 
 Martin Midstream Partners L.P. and Martin Midstream GP LLC: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Martin Midstream Partners L.P. and subsidiaries' (the Partnership) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Partnership maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in capital (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 2, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Partnership s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 March 2, 2023 
 
 68 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Cash 
 Trade and accrued accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Inventories Due from affiliates 
 Other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property, plant and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Goodwill Right-of-use assets Deferred income taxes, net Intangibles and other assets, net 
 Liabilities and Partners Capital (Deficit) 
 Current portion of long term debt and finance lease obligations Trade and other accounts payable 
 Product exchange payables 
 Due to affiliates 
 Income taxes payable Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt, net Finance lease obligations Operating lease liabilities Other long-term obligations 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies Partners capital (deficit) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total partners capital (deficit) 
 ) ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 69 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per unit amounts) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: 
 Terminalling and storage 
 Transportation 
 Sulfur services 
 Product sales: 
 Natural gas liquids 
 Sulfur services 
 Terminalling and storage 
 Total revenues 
 Costs and expenses: 
 Cost of products sold: (excluding depreciation and amortization) 
 Natural gas liquids 
 Sulfur services 
 Terminalling and storage 
 Expenses: 
 Operating expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Total costs and expenses 
 Other operating income (loss), net ) Gain on involuntary conversion of property, plant and equipment Operating income Other income (expense): 
 Interest expense, net 
 ) ) ) Gain on retirement of senior unsecured notes 
 Loss on exchange of senior unsecured notes ) Other, net 
 ) ) Total other income (expense) 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) before taxes 
 ) ) Income tax expense 
 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Less general partner's interest in net loss Less loss allocable to unvested restricted units Limited partners' interest in net loss ) ) ) Net loss per unit attributable to limited partners - basic and diluted Weighted average limited partner units - basic and diluted 
 
 Related Party Transactions Shown Below 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 70 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per unit amounts) 

Transportation Product sales Costs and expenses: Cost of products sold: (excluding depreciation and amortization) Sulfur services Terminalling and storage Expenses: Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

71 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Dollars and units in thousands, except per unit amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Changes in fair values of commodity cash flow hedges ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CAPITAL (DEFICIT) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Partners Capital (Deficit) Common General Partner Amount Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Units Amount Total Balances December 31, 2019 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Issuance of time-based restricted units Forfeiture of restricted units ) Cash distributions ) ) ) Unit-based compensation Purchase of treasury units ) ) ) Balances December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Issuance of time-based restricted units Forfeiture of restricted units ) General partner contribution Cash distributions ) ) ) Changes in fair values of commodity cash flow hedges Excess purchase price over carrying value of acquired assets ) ) Unit-based compensation Purchase of treasury units ) ) ) Balances December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Issuance of time-based restricted units Cash distributions ) ) ) Changes in fair values of commodity cash flow hedges ) ) Excess purchase price over carrying value of acquired assets Unit-based compensation Balances December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

73 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization and write-off of deferred debt issue costs Amortization of premium on notes payable ) Deferred income tax expense (Gain) loss on disposition or sale of property, plant, and equipment ) ) Gain on involuntary conversion of property, plant and equipment ) ) Gain on retirement of senior unsecured notes ) Non-cash impact related to exchange of senior unsecured notes ) Derivative income ) Net cash paid for commodity derivatives ) ) Unit-based compensation Change in current assets and liabilities, excluding effects of acquisitions and dispositions: Accounts and other receivables ) Inventories ) ) Due from affiliates Other current assets ) ) ) Trade and other accounts payable ) Product exchange payables ) ) Due to affiliates ) Income taxes payable ) Other accrued liabilities ) ) Change in other non-current assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Payments for property, plant, and equipment ) ) ) Payments for plant turnaround costs ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant, and equipment Proceeds from involuntary conversion of property, plant and equipment Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments of long-term debt ) ) ) Payments under finance lease obligations ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt General partner contributions Excess purchase price over carrying value of acquired assets ) Purchase of treasury units ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Cash distributions paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash ) ) Cash at beginning of year Cash at end of year 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

74 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

NOTE 1. 
 
 primary business lines include: terminalling, processing, storage and packaging services for petroleum products and by-products including the refining of naphthenic crude oil; land and marine transportation services for petroleum products and by-products, chemicals, and specialty products; sulfur and sulfur-based products processing, manufacturing, marketing and distribution; and NGL marketing, distribution, and transportation services. 
 
 The Partnership provides specialty services to major and independent oil and gas companies, independent refiners, large chemical companies, and other wholesale purchasers of certain petroleum products and by-products, with significant business concentrated around the U.S. Gulf Coast refinery complex, which is a major hub for petroleum refining, natural gas gathering and processing, and support services for the exploration and production industry. The petroleum products and by-products the Partnership gathers, transports, stores and markets are produced primarily by major and independent oil and gas companies who often rely on third parties, such as the Partnership, for the transportation and disposition of these products. 
 
 voting interest economic interest) in MMGP Holdings, LLC ("Holdings"), which is the sole member of Martin Midstream GP LLC ("MMGP"), the general partner of the Partnership. As a result, Martin Resource Management Corporation indirectly owns of MMGP. On November 23, 2021, MMGP contributed to the Partnership all of the outstanding incentive distribution rights for no consideration, whereupon the incentive distribution rights were cancelled and cease to exist. 

NOTE 2. 

(b) 
 
 (c) 

75 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

(e) 
 
 (f) 

(g) 

76 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 reporting units, the terminalling and storage, transportation, and sulfur services reporting units contain goodwill. 
 
 In performing a quantitative analysis, recoverability of goodwill for each reporting unit is measured using a weighting of the discounted cash flow method and two market approaches (the guideline public company method and the guideline transaction method). The discounted cash flow model incorporates discount rates commensurate with the risks involved. Use of a discounted cash flow model is common practice in assessing impairment in the absence of available transactional market evidence to determine the fair value. The key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model include discount rates, growth rates, cash flow projections and terminal value rates. Discount rates, growth rates and cash flow projections are the most sensitive and susceptible to change as they require significant management judgment. Discount rates are determined by using a weighted average cost of capital ("WACC"). The WACC considers market and industry data as well as company-specific risk factors for each reporting unit in determining the appropriate discount rate to be used. The discount rate utilized for each reporting unit is indicative of the return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a business. Management, considering industry and company specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates and cash flow projections for each reporting unit. Terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant WACC and low long-term growth rates. If the calculated fair value is less than the current carrying amount, the Partnership will record the amount of goodwill impairment as the excess of a reporting unit's carrying amount over its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. 
 
 Significant changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit which could give rise to future impairment. Changes to these estimates and assumptions can include, but may not be limited to, varying commodity prices, volume changes and operating costs due to market conditions and/or alternative providers of services. 
 
 Based upon the most recent annual review as of August 31, 2022, goodwill impairment exists within the Partnership's reporting units for the year ended December 31, 2022. goodwill impairment was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 There were intangible asset impairments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 (h) 

In connection with the issuance, amendment, expansion and restatement of debt arrangements, the Partnership incurred debt issuance costs of , and in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Amortization and write-off of debt issuance costs, which is included in interest expense, totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accumulated amortization amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 77 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

(j) 

(k) 

(l) 

(m) 
 
 (n) 
 78 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

to months. 
 
 (p) 
 
 to months. 
 
 (q) 
 
 (r) 

NOTE 3. 

79 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

NOTE 4. 
 
 , which were used to reduce outstanding borrowings under the Partnership's credit facility. The divestiture of the Stockton Sulfur Terminal did not qualify for discontinued operations presentation under the guidance of ASC 205-20. 
 
 Divestiture of Mega Lubricants. On December 22, 2020, the Partnership completed the sale of its Mega Lubricants shored-based terminals business Mega Lubricants for . Mega Lubricants is engaged in the business of blending, manufacturing and delivering various marine application lubricants, sub-sea specialty fluids, and proprietary developed commercial and industrial products. The Partnership recorded a gain on the disposition of , which was included in " Other operating income, net " on the Partnership's Consolidated Statements of Operations. The proceeds from the transaction were used to reduce outstanding borrowings under the Partnership s credit facility. The divestiture of Mega Lubricants did not qualify for discontinued operations presentation under the guidance of ASC 205-20. 

NOTE 5. 

Throughput and storage Transportation segment Land transportation Inland transportation Offshore transportation Sulfur service segment Sulfur product sales Fertilizer product sales Sulfur services Natural gas liquids segment Natural gas liquids product sales 
 
 Revenue is measured based on a consideration specified in a contract with a customer and excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties where the Partnership is acting as an agent. The Partnership recognizes revenue when the Partnership 
 80 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 Natural Gas Services Natural Gas Liquids Sulfur services Sulfur product sales Total 
 81 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

NOTE 6. 
 
 Sulfur Fertilizer Lubricants Other 

NOTE 7. 
 
 Improvements to land and buildings - years 
 Storage equipment - years 
 Marine vessels - years 
 Operating plant and equipment - years 
 Furniture, fixtures and other equipment - years 
 Transportation equipment - years 
 Construction in progress 
 
 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively, which includes amortization of fixed assets acquired under capital lease obligations of , , and . Gross assets under capital leases were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accumulated amortization associated with capital leases was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Additions to property, plant and equipment included in accounts payable at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , , and , respectively. Equipment purchased under capital lease obligations was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2020, the Partnership identified a triggering event related to a decline in the fair value related to the assets classified as held for sale at December 31, 2019. As a result, an impairment charge of and was recorded in the Terminalling and Storage and Transportation segments, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2020 and was recorded in "Other operating income (loss)" in the Partnership's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 82 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 NOTE 8. 

Sulfur services 1 
 Transportation Total goodwill 
 1 This change represents goodwill disposed of as part of the Partnership's divestiture of its Stockton, California Sulfur Terminal. See Note 4 for more information. 

NOTE 9. 
 
 year to years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to years, and some of which include options to terminate the leases within year. The Partnership includes extension periods and excludes termination periods from its lease term if, at commencement, it is reasonably likely that the Partnership will exercise the option. 

Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 83 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities included in "Other accrued liabilities" Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance Leases Property, plant and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net Current installments of finance lease obligations Finance lease obligations Total finance lease obligations Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (years) Operating leases Finance leases Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 84 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Thereafter Total Less amounts representing interest costs ) Total lease liability 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have additional operating leases for land, buildings and equipment that have not yet commenced of . These operating leases will commence during the first quarter of 2023 with lease terms of to years. 
 
 The Partnership has non-cancelable revenue arrangements that are under the scope of ASC 842 whereby we have committed certain terminalling and storage assets in exchange for a minimum fee. Future minimum revenues the Partnership expects to receive under these non-cancelable arrangements as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 2023 - ; 2024 - ; 2025 - ; 2026 - ; 2027 - ; subsequent years - . 

NOTE 10. 

85 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

2025 Notes Total 

NOTE 11. 
 
 barrels. 
 
 For information regarding gains and losses on commodity derivative instruments, see "Tabular Presentation of Gains and Losses on Derivative Instruments" below. 
 
 86 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

Fair value of derivatives 

Cost of products sold ) Total ) 

) Total effect of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) 

NOTE 12. 
 
 of the Partnership s common units representing approximately of the Partnership s outstanding limited partnership units. Martin Resource Management Corporation controls the Partnership's general partner by virtue of owning of the membership interests in Holdings, the sole member of the Partnership's general partner. The Partnership s general partner, MMGP, owns a general partner interest in the Partnership. The Partnership s general partner s ability, as general partner, to manage and operate the 
 87 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 of the Partnership s outstanding limited partnership units, effectively gives Martin Resource Management Corporation the ability to veto some of the Partnership s actions and to control the Partnership s management. 
 
 The following is a description of the Partnership s material related party agreements: 
 
 Omnibus Agreement 
 
 Omnibus Agreement . The Partnership and its general partner are parties to the Omnibus Agreement dated November 1, 2002, with Martin Resource Management Corporation that governs, among other things, potential competition and indemnification obligations among the parties to the agreement, related party transactions, the provision of general administration and support services by Martin Resource Management Corporation and the Partnership s use of certain Martin Resource Management Corporation trade names and trademarks. The Omnibus Agreement was amended on November 25, 2009, to include processing crude oil into finished products including naphthenic lubricants, distillates, asphalt and other intermediate cuts. The Omnibus Agreement was amended further on October 1, 2012, to permit the Partnership to provide certain lubricant packaging products and services to Martin Resource Management Corporation. 
 
 Non-Competition Provisions . Martin Resource Management Corporation has agreed for so long as it controls the general partner of the Partnership, not to engage in the business of: 
 
 providing terminalling and storage services for petroleum products and by-products including the refining, blending and packaging of finished lubricants; 
 
 providing land and marine transportation of petroleum products, by-products, and chemicals; 
 
 distributing NGLs; and 
 
 manufacturing and selling sulfur-based fertilizer products and other sulfur-related products. 
 
 This restriction does not apply to: 
 
 the ownership and/or operation on the Partnership s behalf of any asset or group of assets owned by it or its affiliates; 
 
 any business operated by Martin Resource Management Corporation, including the following: 
 
 distributing asphalt, marine fuel and other liquids; 
 
 providing shore-based marine services in Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama; 
 
 operating a crude oil gathering business in Stephens, Arkansas; 
 
 providing crude oil gathering and marketing services of base oils, asphalt, and distillate products in Smackover, Arkansas; 
 
 providing crude oil marketing and transportation from the well head to the end market; 
 
 operating an environmental consulting company; 
 
 supplying employees and services for the operation of the Partnership's business; and 
 
 operating, solely for our account, the asphalt facilities in each of Hondo, South Houston and Port Neches, Texas and Omaha, Nebraska. 
 
 any business that Martin Resource Management Corporation acquires or constructs that has a fair market value of less than ; 
 
 88 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 or more if the Partnership has been offered the opportunity to purchase the business for fair market value and the Partnership declines to do so with the concurrence of the Conflicts Committee; and 
 
 any business that Martin Resource Management Corporation acquires or constructs where a portion of such business includes a restricted business and the fair market value of the restricted business is or more and represents less than of the aggregate value of the entire business to be acquired or constructed; provided that, following completion of the acquisition or construction, the Partnership will be provided the opportunity to purchase the restricted business. 
 
 Services. Under the Omnibus Agreement, Martin Resource Management Corporation provides the Partnership with corporate staff, support services, and administrative services necessary to operate the Partnership s business. The Omnibus Agreement requires the Partnership to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for all direct expenses it incurs or payments it makes on the Partnership s behalf or in connection with the operation of the Partnership s business. There is no monetary limitation on the amount the Partnership is required to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for direct expenses. In addition to the direct expenses, under the Omnibus Agreement, the Partnership is required to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for indirect general and administrative and corporate overhead expenses. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2021, through December 31, 2022, the board of directors of our general partner approved an annual reimbursement amount for indirect expenses of . The Partnership reimbursed Martin Resource Management Corporation for , and of indirect expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The board of directors of our general partner will review and approve future adjustments in the reimbursement amount for indirect expenses, if any, annually. 
 
 These indirect expenses are intended to cover the centralized corporate functions Martin Resource Management Corporation provides to the Partnership, such as accounting, treasury, clerical, engineering, legal, billing, information technology, administration of insurance, general office expenses and employee benefit plans and other general corporate overhead functions the Partnership shares with Martin Resource Management Corporation retained businesses. The provisions of the Omnibus Agreement regarding Martin Resource Management Corporation s services will terminate if Martin Resource Management Corporation ceases to control the general partner of the Partnership. 
 
 Related Party Transactions . The Omnibus Agreement prohibits the Partnership from entering into any material agreement with Martin Resource Management Corporation without the prior approval of the Conflicts Committee. For purposes of the Omnibus Agreement, the term "material agreements" means any agreement between the Partnership and Martin Resource Management Corporation that requires aggregate annual payments in excess of the then-applicable agreed upon reimbursable amount of indirect general and administrative expenses. Please read "Services" above. 
 
 License Provisions. Under the Omnibus Agreement, Martin Resource Management Corporation has granted the Partnership a nontransferable, nonexclusive, royalty-free right and license to use certain of its trade names and marks, as well as the trade names and marks used by some of its affiliates. 
 
 Amendment and Termination. The Omnibus Agreement may be amended by written agreement of the parties; provided, however, that it may not be amended without the approval of the Conflicts Committee if such amendment would adversely affect the unitholders. The Omnibus Agreement was first amended on November 25, 2009, to permit the Partnership to provide refining services to Martin Resource Management Corporation. The Omnibus Agreement was amended further on October 1, 2012, to permit the Partnership to provide certain lubricant packaging products and services to Martin Resource Management Corporation. Such amendments were approved by the Conflicts Committee. The Omnibus Agreement, other than the indemnification provisions and the provisions limiting the amount for which the Partnership will reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for general and administrative services performed on its behalf, will terminate if the Partnership is no longer an affiliate of Martin Resource Management Corporation. 
 
 89 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 days' written notice to the other party. The rates under the agreement are subject to any adjustments which are mutually agreed upon or in accordance with a price index. Additionally, shipping charges are also subject to fuel surcharges determined on a weekly basis in accordance with the U.S. Department of Energy s national diesel price list. 
 
 Indemnification. MTI has agreed to indemnify Martin Resource Management Corporation against all claims arising out of the negligence or willful misconduct of MTI and its officers, employees, agents, representatives and subcontractors. Martin Resource Management Corporation has agreed to indemnify MTI against all claims arising out of the negligence or willful misconduct of Martin Resource Management Corporation and its officers, employees, agents, representatives and subcontractors. In the event a claim is the result of the joint negligence or misconduct of MTI and Martin Resource Management Corporation, indemnification obligations will be shared in proportion to each party s allocable share of such joint negligence or misconduct. 
 
 Terminal Services Agreements 
 
 Diesel Fuel Terminal Services Agreement. Effective October 1, 2022, The Partnership entered into a third amended and restated terminalling services agreement under which it provides terminal services to Martin Energy Services LLC MES ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Resource Management Corporation, for fuel distribution utilizing marine shore based terminals owned by the Partnership. This agreement amended the existing arrangement between the Partnership and MES by eliminating any minimum throughput volume requirements and increasing the per gallon throughput fee. The term of this agreement expires on December 31, 2023 but will continue on a year to year basis until terminated by either party by giving at least days written notice prior to the end of any term. 
 
 Miscellaneous Terminal Services Agreements. The Partnership is currently party to several terminal services agreements and from time to time the Partnership may enter into other terminal service agreements for the purpose of providing terminal services to related parties. Individually, each of these agreements is immaterial but when considered in the aggregate they could be deemed material. These agreements are throughput based with a minimum volume commitment. Generally, the fees due under these agreements are adjusted annually based on a price index. 
 
 Marine Agreements 
 
 Marine Transportation Agreement . The Partnership is a party to a marine transportation agreement effective January 1, 2006, as amended, under which the Partnership provides marine transportation services to Martin Resource Management Corporation on a spot-contract basis at applicable market rates. Effective each January 1, this agreement automatically renews for consecutive periods unless either party terminates the agreement by giving written notice to the other party at least days prior to the expiration of the then applicable term. The fees the Partnership charges Martin Resource Management Corporation are based on applicable market rates. 
 
 Marine Fuel. The Partnership is a party to an agreement with Martin Resource Management Corporation dated November 1, 2002, under which Martin Resource Management Corporation provides the Partnership with marine fuel from its locations in the Gulf of Mexico at a fixed rate in excess of the Platt's U.S. Gulf Coast Index for #2 Fuel Oil. Under this agreement, the Partnership agreed to purchase all of its marine fuel requirements that occur in the areas serviced by Martin Resource Management Corporation. 
 
 Other Agreements 
 
 Cross Tolling Agreement. The Partnership is a party to an amended and restated tolling agreement with Cross Oil Refining and Marketing, Inc. ("Cross") dated October 28, 2014, under which the Partnership processes crude oil into finished products, including naphthenic lubricants, distillates, asphalt and other intermediate cuts for Cross. The tolling agreement 
 90 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 barrels per day of crude oil at the facility at a fixed price per barrel. Any additional barrels are processed at a modified price per barrel. In addition, Cross agreed to pay a monthly reservation fee and a periodic fuel surcharge fee based on certain parameters specified in the tolling agreement. Further, certain capital improvements, to the extent requested by Cross, are reimbursed through a capital recovery fee. All of these fees (other than the fuel surcharge) are subject to escalation annually based upon the greater of or the increase in the Consumer Price Index for a specified annual perio d . 
 
 East Texas Mack Leases. MTI leases equipment, including tractors and trailers, from East Texas Mack Sales ("East Texas Mack"). Certain of our directors or officers are owners of East Texas Mack, including entities affiliated with Ruben Martin, who owns approximately of the issued and outstanding stock of East Texas Mack. Amounts paid to East Texas Mack for tractor and trailer lease payments and lease residuals for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were approximately , , and , respectively. 
 
 Consulting Services Agreement . Martin Operating Partnership L.P. (the Operating Partnership is a party to a Consulting Services Agreement with Ruben S. Martin (the Consulting Services Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Consulting Services Agreement, Mr. Martin has agreed to provide business and strategic development support to the Operating Partnership, and the Operating Partnership has agreed to pay Mr. Martin per year for such services, which amount was paid to Mr. Martin for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Consulting Services Agreement expired on December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Miscellaneous Agreements. From time to time the Partnership enters into other miscellaneous agreements with Martin Resource Management Corporation for the provision of other services or the purchase of other goods. 
 
 The tables below summarize the related party transactions that are included in the related financial statement captions on the face of the Partnership s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The revenues, costs and expenses reflected in these tables are tabulations of the related party transactions that are recorded in the corresponding caption of the Consolidated Statements of Operations and do not reflect a statement of profits and losses for related party transactions. 

Transportation 
 Product sales: 
 Sulfur services 
 Terminalling and storage 

The impact of related party cost of products sold is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows: 
 Cost of products sold: 
 Sulfur services 
 Terminalling and storage 

91 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 Natural gas liquids 
 Sulfur services 
 Terminalling and storage 

The impact of related party selling, general and administrative expenses is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows: 
 Selling, general and administrative: 
 Transportation 
 Natural gas liquids 
 Sulfur services 
 Terminalling and storage 
 Indirect overhead allocation, net of reimbursement 

NOTE 13. 

Other intangible assets Other 
 
 Other intangible assets consist of technology-based assets. 
 
 Amortization expense, included in "Depreciation and amortization" on the Partnership's Consolidated Statements of Operations includes amortization of intangible assets, turnaround expenses, and deferred charges. Aggregate amortization expense was , , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Estimated amortization expense for the years subsequent to December 31, 2022 are as follows: 2023 - ; 2024 - ; 2025 - ; 2026 - ; 2027 - ; subsequent years - . 
 
 92 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 Asset retirement obligations Property and other taxes payable Accrued payroll Operating lease liabilities Other 
 
 Revisions to existing liabilities 1 
 Accretion expense Liabilities settled ) ) Ending asset retirement obligations Current portion of asset retirement obligations 2 
 ) ) Long-term portion of asset retirement obligations 3 

1 Several factors are considered in the annual review process, including inflation rates, current estimates for removal cost, discount rates, and the estimated remaining useful life of the assets. 
 
 2 The current portion of asset retirement obligations is included in "Other current liabilities" on the Partnership's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 3 The non-current portion of asset retirement obligations is included in "Other long-term obligations" on the Partnership's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 93 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 NOTE 14. 

1 Credit facility at variable interest rate 1 weighted average at December 31, 2022), due August 2023 4 secured by substantially all of the Partnership s assets, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and , respectively 2 
 Senior notes, due February 2024, interest, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and , respectively 2,3 
 Senior notes, due February 2025, interest, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and , respectively 2,3 
 Total Less: current portion Total long-term debt, net of current portion Current installments of finance lease obligations Finance lease obligations Total finance lease obligations 
 
 1 At December 31, 2022, interest rates fluctuated based on LIBOR or the prime rate plus an applicable margin set on the date of each advance. The margin above is set every three months. Of amounts outstanding at December 31, 2022, were at LIBOR plus an applicable margin of and were at base prime rate plus an applicable margin of . The credit facility was amended effective as of February 8, 2023, to, among other things, reduce the commitments to (with further reductions scheduled in the future), replace LIBOR with Adjusted Term SOFR, and extend the maturity date of the commitments to February 8, 2027. The applicable margin for Adjusted Term SOFR borrowings effective February 15, 2023 is ; the applicable margin for base prime rate borrowings effective February 15, 2023 is . The credit facility contains various covenants which limit the Partnership s ability to make distributions; make certain investments and acquisitions; enter into certain agreements; incur indebtedness; sell assets; and make certain amendments to the Partnership's omnibus agreement with Martin Resource Management Corporation (the "Omnibus Agreement"). 
 
 2 The Partnership was in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 3 The indentures governing the senior notes restrict the Partnership s ability to sell assets; pay distributions or repurchase units or redeem or repurchase subordinated debt; make investments; incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred units; and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of its assets. 
 to (with further scheduled reductions to on June 30, 2023 and on June 30, 2024) and extend the scheduled maturity date of the amended credit facility to February 8, 2027. As of December 31, 2022, amounts outstanding under the Partnership's credit facility have been presented as non-current on the Consolidated Balance Sheets due to the successful extension of the previously scheduled maturity date of August 2023. 
 
 , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Capitalized interest was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 94 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 NOTE 15. 
 
 common limited partner units, representing a partnership interest, and a general partner interest. Martin Resource Management Corporation, through subsidiaries, owned of the Partnership's common limited partnership units representing approximately of the Partnership's outstanding common limited partnership units. MMGP, the Partnership's general partner, owns the general partnership interest. 
 
 The Partnership Agreement contains specific provisions for the allocation of net income and losses to each of the partners for purposes of maintaining their respective partner capital accounts. 
 
 Impact on Partners' Capital (Deficit) Related to Transactions Between Entities Under Common Control 
 
 Under ASC 805, assets and liabilities transferred between entities under common control are accounted for at the historical cost of those entities' ultimate parent, in a manner similar to a pooling of interests. Any difference in the amount paid by the transferee versus the historical cost of the assets transferred is recorded as an adjustment to equity (contribution or distribution) by the transferee. This is in contrast with a business combination between unrelated parties, where assets and liabilities are recorded at their fair values at the acquisition date, with any excess of amounts paid over the fair value representing goodwill. From time to time, the most recent being in 2019, the Partnership has entered into common control acquisitions from Martin Resource Management Corporation. The consideration transferred totaling exceeds the historical cost of the net assets received. This excess of the purchase price over the historical cost of the net assets received has resulted in cumulative distributions of reflected as reductions to Partners' capital (deficit). 
 
 Incentive Distribution Rights 
 
 MMGP holds a general partner interest and, until November 23, 2021, MMGP held certain incentive distribution rights ("IDRs") in the Partnership. IDRs are a separate class of non-voting limited partner interest that may be transferred or sold by the general partner under the terms of the Partnership Agreement, and represent the right to receive an increasing percentage of cash distributions after the minimum quarterly distribution and any cumulative arrearages on common units once certain target distribution levels have been achieved. On November 23, 2021, MMGP contributed to the Partnership all of the outstanding IDRs for no consideration, whereupon the IDRs were cancelled and cease to exist (the IDR Elimination ). Until the IDR Elimination, the Partnership was required to distribute all of its available cash from operating surplus, as previously defined in the Partnership Agreement. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the general partner was allocated incentive distributions. 
 
 Distributions of Available Cash 
 
 The Partnership distributes all of its available cash (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) within days after the end of each quarter to unitholders of record and to the general partner. Available cash is generally defined as all cash and cash equivalents of the Partnership on hand at the end of each quarter less the amount of cash reserves its general partner determines in its reasonable discretion is necessary or appropriate to: (i) provide for the proper conduct of the Partnership s business; (ii) comply with applicable law, any debt instruments or other agreements; or (iii) provide funds for distributions to unitholders and the general partner for any one or more of the next four quarters, plus all cash on the date of determination of available cash for the quarter resulting from working capital borrowings made after the end of the quarter. 
 
 Net Income per Unit 
 
 The Partnership follows the provisions of the FASB ASC 260-10 related to earnings per share, which addresses the application of the two-class method in determining income per unit for master limited partnerships having multiple classes of securities that may participate in partnership distributions accounted for as equity distributions. Undistributed earnings are allocated to the general partner and limited partners utilizing the contractual terms of the Partnership Agreement. Distributions to the general partner pursuant to the IDRs are limited to available cash that will be distributed as defined in the Partnership Agreement. Accordingly, the Partnership does not allocate undistributed earnings to the general partner for the IDRs because the general partner's share of available cash is the maximum amount that the general partner would be contractually entitled to receive if all earnings for the period were distributed. When current period distributions are in excess of earnings, the excess 
 95 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 
 ) ) Less general partner s interest in net loss: Distributions payable on behalf of general partner interest General partner interest in undistributed loss ) ) ) Less loss allocable to unvested restricted units ) ) Limited partners interest in net loss ) ) ) 
 
 The following are the unit amounts used to compute the basic and diluted earnings per limited partner unit for the periods presented: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Basic weighted average limited partner units outstanding 
 Dilutive effect of restricted units issued 
 Total weighted average limited partner diluted units outstanding 

All outstanding units were included in the computation of diluted earnings per unit and weighted based on the number of days such units were outstanding during the period presented. All common unit equivalents were antidilutive for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 because the limited partners were allocated a net loss in this period. 
 
 96 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 NOTE 16. 
 
 Non-employee directors Phantom unit Awards Employees Non-employee directors Total unit-based compensation expense 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Plans 
 
 The Partnership's general partner has long-term incentive plans for employees and directors of the general partner and its affiliates who perform services for the Partnership. 
 
 Phantom Unit Plan 
 
 On July 21, 2021, the board of directors of the general partner of the Partnership and the compensation committee of the general partner s board of directors (the "Compensation Committee") approved the Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2021 Phantom Unit Plan (the Plan ), effective as of the same date. The Plan permits the awards of phantom units and phantom unit appreciation rights (collectively, "phantom unit awards") to any employee or non-employee director of the Partnership, including its executive officers. The awards may be time-based or performance-based and will be paid, if at all, in cash. 
 
 The award of a phantom unit entitles the participant to a cash payment equal to the value of the phantom unit on the vesting date or dates, which value is the fair market value of a common unit of the Partnership (a Unit on such vesting date or dates. The award of a phantom unit appreciation right entitles the recipient to a cash payment equal to the difference between the value of a phantom unit on the vesting date or dates in excess of the value assigned by the Compensation Committee to the phantom unit as of the grant date. Phantom units and phantom unit appreciation rights granted to participants do not confer upon participants any right to a Unit. 
 
 On July 21, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved forms of time-based award agreements for phantom units and phantom unit appreciation rights, both of which awards vest in full on the third anniversary of the grant date. The grant date value of a phantom unit under a phantom unit appreciation right award is equal to the average of the closing price for a Unit during the trading days immediately preceding the grant date of the award. 
 
 Generally, vesting of an award is subject to a participant remaining continuously employed with the Partnership through the vesting date. However, if prior to the vesting date (i) a participant is terminated without cause (as defined in the award agreement) or terminates employment after the participant has attained both the age of 65 and ten years of employment retirement-eligible ), a prorated portion of the award will vest and be paid in cash no later than the 30 th day following such termination date (subject to a six-month delay in payment for certain retirement-eligible participants) or (ii) there is a change in control of the Partnership (as defined in the Plan), the award will vest in full and be paid in cash no later than the 30 th day following the date of the change of control; provided, that the participant has been in continuous employment through the termination or change in control date, as applicable. 
 
 On July 21, 2021, phantom units and phantom unit appreciation rights were granted to employees of the general partner and its affiliates who perform services for the Partnership. On April 20, 2022, the board of directors of 
 97 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 units to units. On April 20, 2022, phantom units and phantom unit appreciation rights were granted to employees of the general partner and its affiliates who perform services for the Partnership. 
 
 Phantom unit awards are recorded in operating expense and selling, general and administrative expense based on the fair value of the vested portion of the awards on the balance sheet date. The fair value of these awards is updated at each balance sheet date and changes in the fair value of the vested portions of the awards are recorded as increases or decreases to compensation expense within operating expense and selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. All of the Partnership's outstanding phantom unit awards at December 31, 2022 met the criteria to be treated under liability classification in accordance with ASC 718, given that these awards will settle in cash on the vesting date. 
 
 Compensation expense for the phantom awards is based on the fair value of the units as of the balance sheet date as further discussed below, and such costs are recognized ratably over the service period of the awards. As the fair value of liability awards is required to be re-measured each period end, stock compensation expense amounts recognized in future periods for these awards will vary. The estimated future cash payments of these awards are presented as liabilities within "Other current liabilities" and "Other long-term obligations" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, there was a total of of unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested phantom unit awards. These costs are expected to be recognized over a remaining life of years. 
 
 The fair value of the phantom unit awards was estimated using a Monte Carlo valuation model as of the balance sheet date. The Monte Carlo valuation model is based on random projections of stock price paths and must be repeated numerous times to achieve a probabilistic assessment. Expected volatility was calculated based on the historical volatility of the Partnership s common units as well as set of peer companies. 
 
 Restricted Unit Plan 
 
 On May 26, 2017, the unitholders of the Partnership approved the Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2017 Restricted Unit Plan (the 2017 LTIP ). The 2017 LTIP currently permits the grant of awards covering an aggregate of common units, all of which can be awarded in the form of restricted units. The 2017 LTIP is administered by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 A restricted unit is a unit that is granted to grantees with certain vesting restrictions, which may be time-based and/or performance-based. Once these restrictions lapse, the grantee is entitled to full ownership of the unit without restrictions. The Compensation Committee may determine to make grants under the 2017 LTIP containing such terms as the Compensation Committee shall determine under the 2017 LTIP. With respect to time-based restricted units ("TBRUs"), the Compensation Committee will determine the time period over which restricted units granted to employees and directors will vest. The Compensation Committee may also award a percentage of restricted units with vesting requirements based upon the achievement of specified pre-established performance targets ("PBRUs"). The performance targets may include, but are not limited to, the following: revenue and income measures, cash flow measures, net income before interest expense and income tax expense ("EBIT"), net income before interest expense, income tax expense, and depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"), distribution coverage metrics, expense measures, liquidity measures, market measures, corporate sustainability metrics, and other measures related to acquisitions, dispositions, operational objectives and succession planning objectives. PBRUs are earned only upon our achievement of an objective performance measure for the performance period. PBRUs which vest are payable in common units. Unvested units granted under the 2017 LTIP may or may not participate in cash distributions depending on the terms of each individual award agreement. 
 
 The restricted units issued to directors generally vest in equal annual installments over a period. 
 
 In February 2022, the Partnership issued TBRUs to each of the Partnership's independent directors under the 2017 LTIP. These restricted common units vest in equal installments of units on January 24, 2023, 2024, 2025, and 2026. 
 
 In April 2022, the Partnership issued TBRUs to each of the Partnership's independent directors under the 2017 LTIP. These restricted common units vest in equal installments of units on January 24, 2023, 2024, 2025, and 2026. 
 98 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

TBRUs and PBRUs to certain employees of Martin Resource Management Corporation. The TBRUs vested in equal installments over a service period. The PBRUs would have vested at the conclusion of a performance period based on certain performance targets. In addition, the PBRUs awarded on March 1, 2018 would have only vested if the grantee was employed by Martin Resource Management Corporation on March 31, 2021. However, the performance conditions related to the PBRUs awarded on March 1, 2018 were not achieved and the Partnership treated these units as forfeited at expiration on March 31, 2021. As such, the Partnership did not recognize compensation expense related to these units. 
 
 The restricted units are valued at their fair value at the date of grant, which is equal to the market value of common units on such date. Granted (TBRU) Vested ) Non-Vested, end of year Aggregate intrinsic value, end of year 

Fair value of units vested 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested time-based restricted units. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

NOTE 17. 

) State 
 Deferred: Federal 
 State Total income tax expense 
 
 The operations of a partnership are generally not subject to income taxes, except for Texas margin tax, because its income is taxed directly to its partners. The Texas margin tax is considered a state income tax and is included in income tax 
 99 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 , and were recorded in income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Total income tax expense relating to the operation of MTI, a wholly owned C-Corporation subsidiary of the Partnership Taxable Subsidiary ), of , and was recorded in income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Increase in income taxes resulting from: State income taxes, net of federal income tax expense Other non-deductible (non-taxable) items ) Other, net ) Actual tax expense 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Deferred taxes are the result of differences between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and income tax purposes. 
 Goodwill and intangibles Employee benefits Operating leases Tax loss carryforwards Other Subtotal Less: Valuation allowance Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 Deferred tax assets are regularly reviewed for recoverability and a valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including the ability to carryback operating losses to prior periods and the expected future utilization of net operating loss carryforwards, the reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected taxable income, and tax-planning strategies. On the basis of these considerations, as of December 31, 2022, management believes it is more likely than not that the Taxable Subsidiary will realize the benefit of the existing deferred tax assets. 
 100 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in Other current assets . "Income taxes payable" includes a state income tax liability related to the operation of the Partnership of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Also included in "Income taxes payable" are state income tax liabilities related to the operation of the Taxable Subsidiary of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, MTI had net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes of approximately related to federal and state taxes. Of these net operating loss carryforwards, approximately will expire between 2024 and 2041 and approximately may be carried forward indefinitely. 
 
 The operations of the Partnership are generally not subject to income taxes, except as discussed above, because its income is taxed directly to its partners. The net tax basis in the Partnership's assets and liabilities is greater (less) than the reported amounts on the financial statements by approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the tax years that remain open to assessment are 2019-2021. 

NOTE 18. 
 
 reportable segments: terminalling and storage, natural gas liquids, transportation, and sulfur services. The Partnership s reportable segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services. The operating income of these segments is reviewed by the chief operating decision maker to assess performance and make business decisions. 
 
 The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those described in Note 2. The Partnership evaluates the performance of its reportable segments based on operating income. There is no allocation of interest expense. 
 101 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 ) Natural gas liquids ) ) Sulfur services Transportation ) Indirect selling, general, and administrative ) Total ) Year Ended December 31, 2021: Terminalling and storage ) Natural gas liquids Sulfur services Transportation ) ) Indirect selling, general, and administrative ) Total ) Year Ended December 31, 2020: Terminalling and storage ) Natural gas liquids ) Sulfur services ) Transportation ) ) Indirect selling, general, and administrative ) Total ) 
 
 Revenues from one customer in the Natural Gas Liquids segment was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Natural gas liquids 
 Sulfur services 
 Transportation 
 Total assets 

102 

MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except where otherwise indicated) 

 NOTE 19. 

NOTE 20. 

NOTE 20. 
 
 in aggregate principal amount of its 2028 Notes. The Partnership used the proceeds of the 2028 Notes to complete the tender offers for substantially all of its 2024 Notes and 2025 Notes, redeem all 2024 Notes and 2025 Notes that were not validly tendered, repay a portion of the indebtedness under the credit facility, and pay fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing. Simultaneously with the issuance of the 2028 Notes, the Partnership amended its credit facility to, among other things, reduce the commitments thereunder from to (with further scheduled reductions to million on June 30, 2023 and on June 30, 2024) and extend the scheduled maturity date of the credit facility to February 8, 2027. 
 
 per common unit for the fourth quarter of 2022, or per common unit on an annualized basis, which was paid on February 14, 2023 to unitholders of record as of February 7, 2023. 
 
 103 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. In accordance with Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Exchange Act, we, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our general partner, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our general partner concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Partnership s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our general partner, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report appearing in "Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 104 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 105 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Management of Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 
 
 Martin Midstream GP LLC, as our general partner, manages our operations and activities on our behalf. Our general partner was not elected by our unitholders and will not be subject to re-election in the future. Unitholders do not directly or indirectly participate in our management or operation. Our general partner owes a fiduciary duty to our unitholders. Our general partner is liable, as general partner, for all of our debts (to the extent not paid from our assets), except for indebtedness or other obligations that are made specifically non-recourse to it. However, whenever possible, our general partner seeks to provide that our indebtedness or other obligations are non-recourse to our general partner. 
 
 Three directors of our general partner serve on the Conflicts Committee to review specific matters that the directors believe may involve conflicts of interest. The Conflicts Committee determines if the resolution of the conflict of interest is fair and reasonable to us. The members of the Conflicts Committee may not be officers or employees of our general partner or directors, officers, or employees of its affiliates and must meet the independence standards established by NASDAQ to serve on an audit committee of a board of directors. Any matters approved by the Conflicts Committee will be conclusively deemed to be fair and reasonable to us, approved by all of our partners, and not a breach by our general partner of any duties it may owe us or our unitholders. The current members of our Conflicts Committee are outside directors, James M. Collingsworth, C. Scott Massey and Byron R. Kelley, all of whom meet the independence standards established by NASDAQ. 
 
 The Audit Committee reviews our external financial reporting, recommends engagement of our independent auditors and reviews procedures for internal auditing and the adequacy of our internal accounting controls. The current members of our Audit Committee are outside directors, C. Scott Massey, Byron R. Kelley and James M. Collingsworth, all of whom meet the independence standards established by NASDAQ. 
 
 The Compensation Committee oversees compensation decisions for the officers of our general partner as well as the compensation plans described below. The current members of our Compensation Committee are our outside directors, James M. Collingsworth, C. Scott Massey, and Byron R. Kelley. 
 
 The current members of our Nominating Committee are outside directors, James M. Collingsworth, Byron R. Kelley and C. Scott Massey. 
 
 We are managed and operated by the directors and officers of our general partner. All of our operational personnel are employees of Martin Resource Management Corporation. All of the officers of our general partner will spend a substantial amount of time managing the business and affairs of Martin Resource Management Corporation and its other affiliates. These officers may face a conflict regarding the allocation of their time between our business and the other business interests of Martin Resource Management Corporation. Our general partner intends to cause its officers to devote as much time to the management of our business and affairs as is necessary for the proper conduct of our business and affairs. 
 
 106 

Directors and Executive Officers of Martin Midstream 
 
 The following table shows information for the directors and executive officers of our general partner. Directors and executive officers are elected for one-year terms. 
 Name Age Position with the General Partner Ruben S. Martin 
 71 Chairman of the Board of Directors Robert D. Bondurant 
 64 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director Randall L. Tauscher 57 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Chris H. Booth 53 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Sharon L. Taylor 
 58 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Scot A. Shoup 62 Senior Vice President of Operations C. Scott Massey 70 Director James M. Collingsworth 68 Director Byron R. Kelley 75 Director 
 
 Ruben S. Martin was appointed to Chairman of the board of directors of our general partner effective January 1, 2021. From 2002 to 2020, Mr. Martin served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Martin has served as President of Martin Resource Management Corporation since 1981 and has served in various capacities within the company since 1974. Mr. Martin holds a Bachelor of Science degree in industrial management from the University of Arkansas. Mr. Martin was selected to serve as a director on our general partner's board of directors due to his depth of knowledge of the Partnership, including its strategies and operations and his business judgment and his previous experience as Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership. 
 
 Robert D. Bondurant serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of our general partner. Prior to being appointed to this position effective January 1, 2021, Mr. Bondurant served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and has served on the board of directors since 2014. Mr. Bondurant joined Martin Resource Management Corporation in 1983 as Controller and subsequently was appointed Chief Financial Officer and a member of its board of directors in 1990. Mr. Bondurant served in the audit department at Peat Marwick, Mitchell and Co. from 1980 to 1983. Mr. Bondurant holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in accounting from Texas A M University and is a Certified Public Accountant, licensed in the state of Texas. Mr. Bondurant was selected to serve as a director on our general partner's board of directors due to his depth of knowledge of the Partnership, including its strategies and operations and his business judgment, as well as his extensive financial and accounting background. 
 
 Randall L. Tauscher serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of our general partner. Mr. Tauscher has served as an officer of our general partner since September 2007. Prior to joining Martin, Mr. Tauscher was employed by Koch Industries for over 18 years, most recently as Senior Vice President of the Koch Carbon Division. Mr. Tauscher earned a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Kansas State University. 
 
 Chris H. Booth serves as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Secretary of our general partner. Mr. Booth has served as an officer of our general partner since February 2006. Mr. Booth joined Martin Resource Management Corporation in October 2005. Prior to joining Martin Resource Management Corporation, Mr. Booth was an attorney with the law firm of Mehaffy Weber located in Beaumont, Texas. Mr. Booth holds a Doctor of Jurisprudence degree and a Masters of Business Administration degree from the University of Houston. Additionally, Mr. Booth holds a Bachelor of Science degree in business management from LeTourneau University. Mr. Booth is an attorney licensed to practice in the State of Texas. 
 
 Sharon L. Taylor serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of our general partner. Prior to being appointed to this position on January 1, 2021, Ms. Taylor served as Director of Finance and Head of Investor Relations since March 2018. Ms. Taylor was a member of the management group of Prism Gas Systems, Inc. serving as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, where she continued as Controller after Martin's acquisition of Prism in November 2005. Prior to Prism, Ms. Taylor served as Director of Finance and Investor Relations for Dynamex Inc., a North American logistics company. She has held finance and accounting positions with Union Pacific Resources and UP Fuels. Ms. Taylor holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in accounting from Harding University. 
 
 Scot A. Shoup serves as Senior Vice President of Operations for our general partner. Mr. Shoup joined Martin Resource Management Corporation in May 2011. Prior to joining Martin, Mr. Shoup was employed by Exline, Inc. as 
 107 

Executive Vice President from 2005 to 2011 and was employed by Koch Industries in various capacities for 18 years. Mr. Shoup holds a Bachelor of Science degree in civil engineering from the University of Kansas. 
 
 C. Scott Massey serves as a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Massey has served as a Director since June 2002. Mr. Massey has been self employed as a Certified Public Accountant since 1998. From 1977 to 1998, Mr. Massey worked for KPMG Peat Marwick, LLP in various positions, including, most recently, as a Partner in the firm's Tax Practice - Energy, Real Estate, Timber from 1986 to 1998. Mr. Massey received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Texas at Austin and a Doctor of Jurisprudence degree from the University of Houston. Mr. Massey is a Certified Public Accountant, licensed in the States of Louisiana and Texas. Mr. Massey was selected to serve as a director on our general partner's board of directors due to his extensive background in public accounting and taxation. Mr. Massey qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" under the SEC guidelines. 
 
 James M. Collingsworth serves as a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Collingsworth has spent 45 years in all facets of the midstream and petrochemical industry. In 2013, Mr. Collingsworth retired from Enterprise Products Company as a Sr. Vice President of Regulated NGL Pipelines Natural Gas Storage. Mr. Collingsworth currently serves on the board of directors of NGL Energy Partners LP, and has served on the board of directors of Texaco Canada, Dixie Pipeline Company, Seminole Pipeline Company and the Petrochemical Feedstock Association of America. Mr. Collingsworth has served as a Director since October 2014. Mr. Collingsworth received a Bachelor s degree in finance and marketing from Northeastern State University. Mr. Collingsworth was selected to serve as a director on our general partner's board of directors due to his extensive corporate business experience. 
 
 Byron R. Kelley serves as a member of the board of directors of our general partner and also served as an Advisory Director from April 2011 to August 2012. On December 31, 2013, Mr. Kelley retired as CEO, President and a member of the board of directors of CVR Partners, LP, a chemical company engaged in the production of nitrogen based fertilizers and served in this position from June 2011 through December 2013. Prior to joining CVR Partners he served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Regency GP, LLC from April 2008 to November 2010. From 2004 through March of 2008, Mr. Kelley served as Senior Vice President and Group President of Pipeline and Field Services at CenterPoint Energy. Preceding his work at CenterPoint, Mr. Kelley served as Executive Vice President of Development, Operations and Engineering, and as President of El Paso Energy International. Mr. Kelley is a past member and Chairman of the board of directors of the Interstate National Gas Association and previously served as one of the association's representatives on the U.S. Natural Gas Council of America. Mr. Kelley received a Bachelor of Science degree in civil engineering from Auburn University. Mr. Kelley was selected to serve as a director on our general partner's board of directors due to his extensive corporate business experience. 
 
 Independence of Directors 
 
 Messrs. Massey, Collingsworth, and Kelley qualify as "independent" in accordance with the published listing requirements of NASDAQ and applicable securities laws. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not an employee of us and has not engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, as further required by the NASDAQ rules, the board of directors has made a subjective determination as to each independent director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of the board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In making these determinations, the directors reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director's business and personal activities as they may relate to us and our management. 
 
 Board Meetings and Committees 
 
 From January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, the board of directors of our general partner held 7 meetings. All directors then in office attended each of these meetings, either in person or by teleconference. Additionally, the board of directors undertook action three times during 2022 without a meeting by acting through written unanimous consent. We have standing conflicts, audit, compensation and nominating committees of the board of directors of our general partner. The board of directors of our general partner appoints the members of the Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Conflicts Committees. Each member of the Audit Committee is an independent director in accordance with NASDAQ and applicable securities laws. Each of the board committees has a written charter approved by the board. Copies of each charter are posted on our website at www.MMLP.com under the "Corporate Governance" section. The current members of the committees, the number of meetings held by each committee from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, and a brief description of the functions performed by each committee are set forth below: 
 
 108 

Conflicts Committee (2 meetings). The members of the Conflicts Committee are: Messrs. Kelley (chairman), Massey and Collingsworth. All of the members of the Conflicts Committee attended all meetings of the committee for the period noted above. The primary responsibility of the Conflicts Committee is to review matters that the directors believe may involve conflicts of interest. The Conflicts Committee determines if the resolution of the conflict of interest is fair and reasonable to us. The members of the Conflicts Committee may not be officers or employees of our general partner or directors, officers, or employees of its affiliates and must meet the independence standards to serve on an audit committee of a board of directors established by NASDAQ. Any matters approved by the Conflicts Committee will be conclusively deemed to be fair and reasonable to us, approved by all of our partners, and not a breach by our general partner of any duties it may owe us or our unitholders. 
 
 Audit Committee (5 meetings). The members of the Audit Committee are Messrs. Massey (chairman), Kelley and Collingsworth. All of the members attended all meetings of the Audit Committee for the period noted. The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee are to assist the board of directors in its general oversight of our financial reporting, internal controls and audit functions, and it is directly responsible for the appointment, retention, compensation and oversight of the work of our independent auditors. The members of the Audit Committee of the board of directors of our general partner each qualify as "independent" under standards established by the SEC for members of audit committees, and the Audit Committee includes at least one member who is determined by the board of directors to meet the qualifications of an "audit committee financial expert" in accordance with SEC rules, including that the person meets the relevant definition of an "independent" director. C. Scott Massey is the independent director who has been determined to be an audit committee financial expert. Unitholders should understand that this designation is a disclosure requirement of the SEC related to Mr. Massey's experience and understanding with respect to certain accounting and auditing matters. The designation does not impose on Mr. Massey any duties, obligations or liability that are greater than are generally imposed on him as a member of the Audit Committee and board of directors, and his designation as an audit committee financial expert pursuant to this SEC requirement does not affect the duties, obligations or liability of any other member of the Audit Committee or board of directors. 
 
 Compensation Committee (5 meetings). The members of the Compensation Committee are Messrs. Collingsworth (chairman), Massey and Kelley. All members attended the meeting of the Compensation Committee for the period noted above. The primary responsibility of the Compensation Committee is to oversee compensation decisions for the outside directors of our general partner and executive officers of our general partner (in the event they are to be paid by our general partner) as well as our long-term incentive plans. 
 
 Nominating Committee (1 meeting). The members of the Nominating Committee are Messrs. Collingsworth (chairman), Massey, and Kelley. All of the members attended the meeting of the Nominating Committee for the period noted above. The primary responsibility of the nominating committee is to select and recommend nominees for election to the board of directors of our general partner. 
 
 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct 
 
 Our general partner has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct applicable to all of our general partner's employees (including any employees of Martin Resource Management Corporation who undertake actions with respect to us or on our behalf), including all officers, and including our general partner's independent directors, who are not employees of our general partner, with regard to their activities relating to us. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct incorporate guidelines designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote honest and ethical conduct and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. They also incorporate our expectations of our general partner's employees (including any employees of Martin Resource Management Corporation who undertake actions with respect to us or on our behalf) that enable us to provide accurate and timely disclosure in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other public communications. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is publicly available on our website under the "Corporate Governance" section (at www.MMLP.com). This website address is intended to be an inactive, textual reference only, and none of the material on this website is part of this report. If any substantive amendments are made to the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct or if we or our general partner grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to any of our general partner's executive officers and directors, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on that website or in a report on Form 8-K. 

109 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 
 Background 
 
 We are required to provide information regarding the compensation program in place as of December 31, 2022, for the CEO, CFO and the three other most highly-compensated executive officers of our general partner as reflected in the summary compensation table set forth below (the "Named Executive Officers"). This section should be read in conjunction with the detailed tables and narrative descriptions regarding compensation below. 
 
 We are a master limited partnership and have no employees. We are managed by the executive officers of our general partner. These executive officers are employed by Martin Resource Management Corporation, a private corporation that has significant operations that are separate from ours. With the exception of our President and Chief Executive Officer, the executive officers of our general partner are also the executive officers of Martin Resource Management Corporation and devote significant time to the management of Martin Resource Management Corporation s operations. We reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for a portion of the indirect general and administrative expenses, including compensation expense relating to the service of these individuals that are allocated to us pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement. Under the Omnibus Agreement, we are required to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for indirect general and administrative and corporate overhead expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the board of directors of our general partner approved reimbursement amounts of 13.5 million, 14.4 million and 16.4 million, respectively, reflecting our allocable share of such expenses. Please see "Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Agreements Omnibus Agreement" for a discussion of the Omnibus Agreement. 
 
 Compensation Objectives 
 
 As we do not directly compensate the executive officers of our general partner, we do not have any set compensation programs. The elements of Martin Resource Management Corporation s compensation program discussed below, along with Martin Resource Management Corporation s other rewards, are intended to provide a total rewards package designed to yield competitive total cash compensation, drive performance and reward contributions in support of the businesses of Martin Resource Management Corporation and other Martin Resource Management Corporation affiliates, including us, for which the Named Executive Officers perform services. Although we bear an allocated portion of Martin Resource Management Corporation s costs of providing compensation and benefits to the Named Executive Officers, we do not have control over such costs and do not establish or direct the compensation policies or practices of Martin Resource Management Corporation. During 2022, Martin Resource Management Corporation paid compensation based on the performance of Martin Resource Management Corporation but did not set any specific performance-based criteria and did not have any other specific performance-based objectives. 
 
 Elements of Compensation 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation s executive officer compensation package includes a combination of annual cash, long-term incentive compensation and other compensation. Elements of compensation which the Named Executive Officers may be eligible to receive from Martin Resource Management Corporation consist of the following: (1) annual base salary; (2) discretionary annual cash awards; (3) awards pursuant to the Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2021 Phantom Unit Plan, Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2017 Restricted Unit Plan and Martin Resource Management Corporation employee benefit plans and (4) where appropriate, other compensation, including limited perquisites. 
 
 Annual Base Salary . Base salary is intended to provide fixed compensation to the Named Executive Officers for their performance of core duties with respect to Martin Resource Management Corporation and its affiliates, including us, and to compensate for experience levels, scope of responsibility and future potential. Base salaries are not intended to compensate individuals for extraordinary performance or for above average company performance. The base salaries of the Named Executive Officers are generally reviewed on an annual basis, as well as at the time of promotion and other changes in responsibilities or market conditions. 
 
 Discretionary Annual Cash Awards. In addition to the annual base salary, the Named Executive Officers may be eligible to receive discretionary annual cash awards that, if awarded, are paid in a lump sum in the quarter following the end of the fiscal year. These cash awards are designed to provide the Named Executive Officers with competitive incentives to help drive performance and promote achievement of Martin Resource Management Corporation s business objectives. Named 
 110 

Executive Officers may also be eligible to receive a cash award based upon their services provided to us in the event that any such Named Executive Officer has devoted a significant amount of their time to working for us. Any such award is determined in accordance with the same methodologies as the discretionary annual cash awards for Martin Resource Management Corporation, as described below. 
 
 Employee Benefit Plan Awards. The Named Executive Officers may be eligible to receive awards pursuant to the Martin Midstream Partners L.P. Phantom Unit Plan, Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2017 Restricted Unit Plan and Martin Resource Management Corporation employee benefit plans. These employee benefit plan awards are designed to reward the performance of the Named Executive Officers by providing annual incentive opportunities tied to the annual performance of Martin Resource Management Corporation. In particular, these awards are provided to the Named Executive Officers in order to provide competitive incentives to these executives who can significantly impact performance and promote achievement of the business objectives of Martin Resource Management Corporation. 
 
 Other Compensation. Martin Resource Management Corporation generally does not pay for perquisites for any of the Named Executive Officers, other than general recreational activities at certain Martin Resource Management Corporation s properties and use of Martin Resource Management Corporation vehicles. No perquisites are paid for services rendered to us. Martin Resource Management Corporation provides an executive life insurance policy and long term disability policy for the Named Executive Officers with the annual premiums being paid by Martin Resource Management Corporation. Martin Resource Management Corporation does not provide any greater allocation toward employee health insurance premiums than is provided for all other employees covered on the health benefits plan. 
 
 Compensation Methodology 
 
 The compensation policies and philosophy of Martin Resource Management Corporation govern the types and amount of compensation granted to each of the Named Executive Officers. The board of directors of our general partner has responsibility for evaluating and determining the reasonableness of the total amount we are charged under the Omnibus Agreement for managerial, administrative and operational support, including compensation of the Named Executive Officers, provided by Martin Resource Management Corporation. 
 
 Our allocation for the costs incurred by Martin Resource Management Corporation in providing compensation and benefits to its employees who serve as the Named Executive Officers is governed by the Omnibus Agreement. In general, this allocation is based upon estimates of the relative amounts of time that these employees devote to the business and affairs of our general partner and to the business and affairs of Martin Resource Management Corporation. 
 
 When setting compensation for the Named Executive Officers, the elements of compensation above are considered holistically to provide an appropriate combination of compensation. Annual base salaries for the Named Executive Officers, other than our President and Chief Executive Officer, are determined by the Management Compensation Committee of Martin Resource Management Corporation comprised of its Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Ruben Martin, Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Randall Tauscher, and Vice President-Human Resources, Mrs. Melanie Mathews (collectively, the "Management Compensation Committee of Martin Resource Management Corporation") based on a periodic performance review of each Named Executive Officer. 
 
 The Compensation Committee of our board of directors is responsible for setting the compensation of our President and Chief Executive Officer. This includes determining the base salary, bonus compensation, long-term incentive compensation and other compensation of our President and Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation Committee's responsibility for the development of the compensation objectives and methodology applicable to the President and Chief Executive Officer are based on objectives, elements and methodologies discussed herein. 
 
 Except in the case of an exceptional amount of time devoted to us, discretionary annual cash awards are based on the performance of Martin Resource Management Corporation. Annual discretionary cash awards, if any, are calculated first by allocating a portion of Martin Resource Management Corporation s earnings as determined by the Management Compensation Committee of Martin Resource Management Corporation for distribution to key employees of Martin Resource Management Corporation. Upon such allocation, the Management Compensation Committee of Martin Resource Management Corporation, with input from appropriate business leaders determines the allocation and distribution of the bonus pool among such employees, including the Named Executive Officers. All decisions of the Management Compensation Committee of Martin Resource Management Corporation concerning the compensation of the Named Executive Officers are reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Martin Resource Management Corporation, which is made up of Mr. Cullen M. Godfrey, an independent director of Martin Resource Management Corporation, and Mr. Ruben Martin. With respect to employee benefit plan awards pursuant to plans maintained by the Partnership, the Management Compensation 
 111 

Committee of Martin Resource Management Corporation makes a recommendation as to whether such awards should be awarded to any employees. Any such employee plan awards are then considered and must be approved by the Compensation Committee and then are distributed to the employees, including Named Executive Officers, accordingly. Further, Martin Resource Management Corporation, with the approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Martin Resource Management Corporation or the Compensation Committee regularly reviews market data and relevant compensation surveys when setting base compensation and, when appropriate, engages compensation consultants. Because he serves on both the Management Compensation Committee of Martin Resource Management Corporation and on the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Martin Resource Management Corporation, Mr. Martin, as Chief Executive Officer of Martin Resource Management Corporation, has significant authority in setting base salaries, discretionary annual cash award allocations and amounts and employee benefit award distributions. 
 
 Any awards granted to the independent directors and employees of our general partner under our long-term incentive plans are described in Item 8, Note 16, "Unit Based Awards - Long-Term Incentive Plans," and are approved by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 Determination of 2022 Compensation Amounts 
 
 During 2022, elements of all compensation paid to the Named Executive Officers by Martin Resource Management Corporation consisted of the following: (1) annual base salary; (2) discretionary annual cash awards; (3) awards pursuant to the Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2021 Phantom Unit Plan or Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2017 Restricted Unit Plan and (4) other Martin Resource Management Corporation employee benefit plans; and (5) other compensation, including limited perquisites. With respect to the Named Executive Officers, they were paid an allocated portion of their base salaries. 
 
 Annual Base Salary. The portions of the annual base salaries paid by Martin Resource Management Corporation to the Named Executive Officers, which are allocable to us under our Omnibus Agreement with Martin Resource Management Corporation, are reflected in the summary compensation table below. Based upon the agreement of our general partner with Martin Resource Management Corporation, we have reimbursed Martin Resource Management Corporation for approximately82.4 of the aggregate annual base salaries paid to the Named Executive Officers by Martin Resource Management Corporation during 2022. The foregoing agreement has been developed based on an assessment of the estimated percentage of the time spent by the Named Executive Officers managing our affairs, relative to the affairs of Martin Resource Management Corporation ranging from approximately 60 to 100 . During 2022, our Named Executive Officers were Mr. Robert D. Bondurant, the President and Chief Executive Officer of our general partner, Ms. Sharon L. Taylor, an Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of our general partner, Mr. Randall Tauscher, an Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of our general partner, Mr. Chris Booth, the Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of our general partner, and Mr. Scot A. Shoup, Senior Vice President of Operations. 
 
 Discretionary Annual Cash Awards. Discretionary annual cash awards paid to the Named Executive Officers which are allocable to us are reflected in the summary compensation table below. 
 
 Martin Midstream Partners L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plans 
 
 Phantom Unit Plan 
 
 On July 21, 2021, the board of directors of the general partner of the Partnership and the Compensation Committee approved the Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2021 Phantom Unit Plan (the Plan ), effective as of the same date. The Plan permits the awards of phantom units and phantom unit appreciation rights (collectively, "phantom unit awards") to any employee or non-employee director of the Partnership, including its executive officers. The awards may be time-based or performance-based and will be paid, if at all, in cash. 
 
 The award of a phantom unit entitles the participant to a cash payment equal to the value of the phantom unit on the vesting date or dates, which value is the fair market value of a common unit of the Partnership on such vesting date or dates. The award of a phantom unit appreciation right entitles the recipient to a cash payment equal to the difference between the value of a phantom unit on the vesting date or dates in excess of the value assigned by the Compensation Committee to the phantom unit as of the grant date. Phantom units and phantom unit appreciation rights granted to participants do not confer upon participants any right to a common unit. 
 
 On July 21, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved forms of time-based award agreements for phantom units and phantom unit appreciation rights, both of which awards vest in full on the third anniversary of the grant date. The grant 
 112 

date value of a phantom unit under a phantom unit appreciation right award is equal to the average of the closing price for a common unit during the 20 trading days immediately preceding the grant date of the award. 
 
 Generally, vesting of an award is subject to a participant remaining continuously employed with the Partnership through the vesting date. However, if prior to the vesting date: (i) a participant is terminated without cause (as defined in the award agreement) or terminates employment after the participant has attained both the age of 65 and ten years of employment retirement-eligible ), a prorated portion of the award will vest and be paid in cash no later than the 30 th day following such termination date (subject to a six-month delay in payment for certain retirement-eligible participants); or (ii) there is a change in control of the Partnership (as defined in the Plan), the award will vest in full and be paid in cash no later than the 30 th day following the date of the change of control; provided, that the participant has been in continuous employment through the termination or change in control date, as applicable. 
 
 Restricted Unit Plan 
 
 On May 26, 2017, the unitholders of the Partnership approved the Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2017 Restricted Unit Plan (the "2017 LTIP"). The plan currently permits the grant of awards covering an aggregate of 3,000,000 common units, all of which can be awarded in the form of restricted units. The plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of our general partner s board of directors. The purpose of the 2017 LTIP is designed to enhance our ability to attract, retain, reward and motivate the services of certain key employees, officers, and directors of the general partner and Martin Resource Management Corporation. 
 
 Our general partner s board of directors or the Compensation Committee, in their discretion, may terminate or amend the 2017 LTIP at any time with respect to any units for which a grant has not yet been made. Our general partner s board of directors or the Compensation Committee also have the right to alter or amend the 2017 LTIP or any part of the plan from time to time, including increasing the number of units that may be reserved for issuance under the plan subject to any applicable unitholder approval. However, no change in any outstanding grant may be made that would materially impair the rights of the participant without the consent of the participant. In addition, the restricted units will vest upon a change of control of us, our general partner or Martin Resource Management Corporation or if our general partner ceases to be an affiliate of Martin Resource Management Corporation. 
 
 Restricted Units. A restricted unit is a unit that is granted to grantees with certain vesting restrictions, which may be time-based and/or performance-based. Once these restrictions lapse, the grantee is entitled to full ownership of the unit without restrictions. The Compensation Committee may determine to make grants under the plan containing such terms as the Compensation Committee shall determine under the plan. With respect to time-based restricted units ("TBRUs"), the Compensation Committee will determine the time period over which restricted units granted to employees and directors will vest. The Compensation Committee may also award a percentage of restricted units with vesting requirements based upon the achievement of specified pre-established performance targets ("PBRUs"). The performance targets may include, but are not limited to, the following: revenue and income measures, cash flow measures, EBIT, EBITDA, distribution coverage metrics, expense measures, liquidity measures, market measures, corporate sustainability metrics, and other measures related to acquisitions, dispositions, operational objectives and succession planning objectives. PBRUs are earned only upon our achievement of an objective performance measure for the performance period. PBRUs which vest are payable in common units. The Compensation Committee believes this type of incentive award strengthens the tie between each grantee's pay and our financial performance. We intend the issuance of the common units upon vesting of the restricted units under the plan to serve as a means of incentive compensation for performance and not primarily as an opportunity to participate in the equity appreciation of the common units. Therefore, plan participants will not pay any consideration for the common units they receive, and we will receive no remuneration for the units. Unvested units granted under the 2017 LTIP may or may not participate in cash distributions depending on the terms of each individual award agreement. 
 
 If a grantee s service to the Partnership terminates for any reason, the grantee s restricted units will be automatically forfeited unless, and to the extent, the Compensation Committee provides otherwise. Common units to be delivered upon the vesting of restricted units may be common units acquired by our general partner in the open market, common units already owned by our general partner, common units acquired by our general partner directly from us or any affiliate of our general partner, newly issued common units under the 2017 LTIP, or any combination of the foregoing. Our general partner will be entitled to reimbursement by us for the cost incurred in acquiring common units. If we issue new common units upon vesting of the restricted units, the total number of common units outstanding will increase. 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation Employee Benefit Plans 
 
 113 

Martin Resource Management Corporation has employee benefit plans for its employees who perform services for us. The following summary of these plans is not complete but outlines the material provisions of these plans. 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation Purchase Plan for Units of Martin Midstream Partners L.P . Martin Resource Management Corporation maintains a purchase plan for our units to provide employees of Martin Resource Management Corporation and its affiliates who perform services for us the opportunity to acquire an equity interest in us through the purchase of our common units. Each individual employed by Martin Resource Management Corporation or an affiliate of Martin Resource Management Corporation that provides services to us is eligible to participate in the purchase plan. Enrollment in the purchase plan by an eligible employee will constitute a grant by Martin Resource Management Corporation to the employee of the right to purchase common units under the purchase plan. The right to purchase common units granted by the Partnership under the purchase plan is for the term of a purchase period. 
 
 During each purchase period, each participating employee may elect to make contributions to his bookkeeping account each pay period in an amount not less than one percent of his compensation and not more than fifteen percent of his compensation. The rate of contribution shall be designated by the employee at the time of enrollment. On each purchase date (the last day of such purchase period), units will be purchased for each participating employee at the fair market value of such units. The fair market value of the common units to be purchased during such purchase period shall mean the closing sales price of a unit on the purchase date. 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Plans. 
 
 MRMC ESOP Trust ("ESOP"). Martin Resource Management Corporation maintains an employee stock ownership plan that covers employees who satisfy certain minimum age and service requirements. Under the terms of the ESOP, Martin Resource Management Corporation has the discretion to make contributions in an amount determined by its board of directors. Those contributions are allocated under the terms of the ESOP and invested primarily in the common stock of Martin Resource Management Corporation. Participants in the ESOP become 100 vested upon completing six years of vesting service or upon their attainment of Normal Retirement Age (as defined in the plan document), permanent disability or death during employment. Any forfeitures of non-vested accounts may be used to pay administrative expenses and restore previous forfeitures of employees rehired before incurring five consecutive breaks-in-service. Any remaining forfeitures will be allocated to the accounts of employed participants. Participants are not permitted to make contributions including rollover contributions to the ESOP. 
 
 Martin Employee's Stock Profit Sharing Trust (the "SPS Plan"). Martin Resource Management Corporation maintains an employee stock ownership plan that covers employees who satisfied certain minimum age and service requirements but no employee shall become eligible to participate in the Plan on or after January 1, 2013. This SPS Plan is referred to as the "Martin Employee Stock Ownership Plan". Under the terms of the SPS Plan, Martin Resource Management Corporation has the discretion to make contributions in an amount determined by its board of directors. Those contributions are allocated under the terms of the SPS Plan and invested primarily in the common stock of Martin Resource Management Corporation. No contributions will be made to the SPS Plan for any plan year commencing on or after January 1, 2013. The account balances of any participant who was employed by Martin Resource Management Corporation on December 31, 2012 are fully vested and non-forfeitable. The SPS Plan converted to an employee stock ownership plan on January 1, 2013. 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan. Martin Resource Management Corporation maintains a profit sharing plan that covers employees who satisfy certain minimum age and service requirements. This profit sharing plan is referred to as the "401(k) Plan." Eligible employees may elect to participate in the 401(k) Plan by electing pre-tax contributions up to 30 of their regular compensation. Martin Resource Management Corporation may make annual discretionary profit sharing contributions in an amount at the plan year end as determined by the board of directors of Martin Resource Management Corporation. Participants in the 401(k) Plan prior to January 1, 2017 are 100 vested in matching contributions, while those employed after January 1, 2017 become vested upon completion of the five years of vesting service schedule or upon their attainment of age 65, permanent disability or death during employment. The five year vesting service schedule is also applicable to discretionary contributions made to the plan. 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation Non-Qualified Option Plan. In September 1999, Martin Resource Management Corporation adopted a stock option plan designed to retain and attract qualified management personnel, directors and consultants. Under the plan, Martin Resource Management Corporation is authorized to issue to qualifying parties from time to time options to purchase up to 2,000 shares of its common stock with terms not to exceed ten years from the date of grant and at exercise prices generally not less than fair market value on the date of grant. In November 2007, Martin Resource Management Corporation adopted an additional stock option plan designed to retain and attract qualified management 
 114 

personnel, directors and consultants. In December 2013, all outstanding options were exercised or redeemed in lieu of redemption. There are no outstanding options under this plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Compensation 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation generally does not pay for perquisites for any of our Named Executive Officers other than general recreational activities at certain Martin Resource Management Corporation s properties located in Texas and use of Martin Resource Management Corporation vehicles, including aircraft. 
 
 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 The following table sets forth the compensation expense that was allocated to us for the services of the Named Executive Officers for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary Retention Awards Discretionary Annual Awards Phantom Unit Awards (Grant Date Value) (a) Total Compensation Robert D. Bondurant, President and Chief Executive Officer 2022 575,000 775,000 243,250 1,593,250 2021 575,000 700,000 139,600 1,414,600 2020 312,000 100,000 412,000 Randall L. Tauscher, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 2022 367,500 217,000 584,500 2021 336,000 136,600 472,600 2020 336,000 100,000 436,000 Sharon L. Taylor, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (b) 2022 189,000 185,500 374,500 2021 165,000 131,200 296,200 2020 Chris H. Booth, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 2022 252,000 185,500 437,500 2021 231,000 133,600 364,600 2020 211,750 100,000 311,750 Scot A. Shoup, Senior Vice President of Operations 2022 365,750 92,750 458,500 2021 353,400 65,600 419,000 2020 372,000 372,000 
 
 (a) On each of April 20, 2022 and July 21, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved forms of time-based award agreements for phantom units and phantom unit appreciation rights, both of which awards vest in full on the third anniversary of the grant date, or July 21, 2025 and July 21, 2024, respectively. The grant date value of a phantom unit under a phantom unit appreciation right award is equal to the average of the closing price for a common unit during the 20 trading days immediately preceding the grant date of the award. 
 
 (b) Only the 2021 period is reflected in this table as Sharon L. Taylor became Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and a Named Executive Officer effective January 1, 2021. 
 115 

Name and Award Type Grant Date All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (#) (a) All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Under-lying Options (#)(b) 
 Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards /Unit) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards ) (c) Robert D. Bondurant Phantom Units 04/20/2022 20,000 112,000 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights 04/20/2022 125,000 4.55 131,250 Randall L. Tauscher Phantom Units 04/20/2022 20,000 112,000 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights 04/20/2022 100,000 4.55 105,000 Sharon L. Taylor Phantom Units 04/20/2022 20,000 112,000 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights 04/20/2022 70,000 4.55 73,500 Chris H. Booth Phantom Units 04/20/2022 20,000 112,000 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights 04/20/2022 70,000 4.55 73,500 Scot A. Shoup Phantom Units 04/20/2022 10,000 56,000 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights 04/20/2022 35,000 4.55 36,750 
 
 (a) This column includes the number of time-based phantom units granted to our named executive officers in 2022. These awards vest in full on July 21, 2025. 
 
 (b) This column includes the number of time-based phantom unit appreciation rights granted to our named executive officers in 2022. These awards vest in full on July 21, 2025. 
 
 (c) Amounts in this column reflect the grant date fair value of time-based phantom units and phantom unit appreciation rights granted to our named executive officers in 2022 and are determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The grant date fair value of the phantom units is 5.60 and the grant date fair value of the phantom unit appreciation rights is 1.05. 
 
 116 

GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS 
 
 Name and Award Type Grant Date All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (#) (a) All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Under-lying Options (#)(b) 
 Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards /Unit) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards ) (c) Robert D. Bondurant Phantom Units 07/21/2021 40,000 121,600 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights 07/21/2021 150,000 2.92 18,000 Randall L. Tauscher Phantom Units 07/21/2021 40,000 121,600 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights 07/21/2021 125,000 2.92 15,000 Sharon L. Taylor Phantom Units 07/21/2021 40,000 121,600 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights 07/21/2021 80,000 2.92 9,600 Chris H. Booth Phantom Units 07/21/2021 40,000 121,600 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights 07/21/2021 100,000 2.92 12,000 Scot A. Shoup Phantom Units 07/21/2021 20,000 60,800 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights 07/21/2021 40,000 2.92 4,800 
 
 (a) This column includes the number of time-based phantom units granted to our named executive officers in 2021. These awards vest in full on July 21, 2024. 
 
 (b) This column includes the number of time-based phantom unit appreciation rights granted to our named executive officers in 2021. These awards vest in full on July 21, 2024. 
 
 (c) Amounts in this column reflect the grant date fair value of time-based phantom units and phantom unit appreciation rights granted to our named executive officers in 2021 and are determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The grant date fair value of the phantom units is 3.04 and the grant date fair value of the phantom unit appreciation rights is 0.12. 
 
 117 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Option Awards Unit Awards Name and Award Type Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (a) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#)(a) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested )(b) 
 Robert D. Bondurant Phantom Units - 2021 Award 40,000 106,400 Phantom Units - 2022 Award 20,000 60,000 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights - 2021 Award 150,000 2.92 N/A 12,000 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights - 2022 Award 125,000 4.55 N/A Randall L. Tauscher Phantom Units - 2021 Award 40,000 106,400 Phantom Units - 2022 Award 20,000 60,000 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights - 2021 Award 125,000 2.92 N/A 10,000 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights - 2022 Award 100,000 4.55 N/A Sharon L. Taylor Phantom Units - 2021 Award 40,000 106,400 Phantom Units - 2022 Award 20,000 60,000 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights - 2021 Award 80,000 2.92 N/A 6,400 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights - 2022 Award 70,000 4.55 N/A Chris H. Booth Phantom Units - 2021 Award 40,000 106,400 Phantom Units - 2022 Award 20,000 60,000 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights - 2021 Award 100,000 2.92 N/A 8,000 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights - 2022 Award 70,000 4.55 N/A Scot A. Shoup Phantom Units - 2021 Award 20,000 53,200 Phantom Units - 2022 Award 10,000 30,000 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights - 2021 Award 40,000 2.92 N/A 3,200 Phantom Unit Appreciation Rights - 2022 Award 35,000 4.55 N/A 
 
 (a) The 2021 Award vests in full on July 21, 2024 and the 2022 Award vests in full on July 21, 2025. 
 
 (b) The market value of unvested phantom units is calculated by multiplying the number of unvested phantom units held by the NEOs by the closing price of our common stock on December 31, 2022 and 2021, which was 3.00 and 2.66, respectively. Because our closing stock price on December 31, 2022 was less than the strike price of the phantom unit appreciation rights 2022 award, a 0 market value was included for the unvested phantom unit appreciation rights. 
 118 

EQUITY VESTED TABLE FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Restricted Unit Plan Unit Awards (a) Name Number of Common Units Acquired on Vesting Value Realized on Vesting Robert D. Bondurant Randall L. Tauscher Sharon L. Taylor Chris H. Booth Scot A. Shoup 
 
 (a) As of December 31, 2022 , there were no outstanding awards under the 2017 LTIP for the Named Executive Officers. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 As a partnership, we are managed by our general partner. The board of directors of our general partner performs for us the functions of a board of directors of a business corporation. Directors of our general partner are entitled to receive total quarterly retainer fees of 25,000 each, which are paid by the general partner. Martin Resource Management Corporation employees who are a member of the board of directors of our general partner do not receive any additional compensation for serving in such capacity. Officers of our general partner who also serve as directors will not receive additional compensation. All directors of our general partner are entitled to reimbursement for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with their travel to and from, and attendance at, meetings of the board of directors or committees thereof. Each director will be fully indemnified by us for actions associated with being a director to the extent permitted under Delaware law. 
 
 The following table sets forth the compensation of our board members for the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned Paid in Cash Stock Awards (a) 
 Total 
 Ruben S. Martin Robert D. Bondurant C. Scott Massey (b) 100,000 60,912 160,912 Byron R. Kelley (b) 100,000 60,912 160,912 James M. Collingsworth (b) 100,000 60,912 160,912 
 
 (a) The amounts shown represent the grant date fair value of awards computed in accordance with FASB ASC 718, however, such awards are subject to vesting requirements for TBRUs and PBRUs which have not been met as it relates to the 2018 stock award. See Note 16 included in Item 8 herein for the assumptions made in our valuation of such awards. 
 
 (b) In February 2022, the Partnership issued 11,400 TBRUs to each of the Partnership's three independent directors, C. Scott Massey, Byron R. Kelley, and James M. Collingsworth under the 2017 LTIP. These restricted common units vest in equal installments of 2,850 units on January 24, 2023, 2024, 2025, and 2026. In April 2022, the Partnership issued 4,600 TBRUs to each of the Partnership's three independent directors under the 2017 LTIP. These restricted common units vest in equal installments of 1,150 units on January 24, 2023, 2024, 2025, and 2026. In calculating the fair value of the award, we multiplied the closing price of our common units on the NASDAQ on the date of grant by the number of restricted common units granted to each director. 

COMPENSATION REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 
 
 119 

The Compensation Committee of the general partner of Martin Midstream Partners L.P. has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this report with management of the general partner of Martin Midstream Partners L.P. and, based on that review and discussions, has recommended that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this report. 
 
 Members of the Compensation Committee: 
 /s/ James M. Collingsworth James M. Collingsworth, Committee Chair /s/ Byron R. Kelley Byron R. Kelley /s/ C. Scott Massey C. Scott Massey 
 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 Other than these independent directors, no other officer or employee of our general partner or its subsidiaries is a member of the Compensation Committee. Employees of Martin Resource Management Corporation, through our general partner, are the individuals who work on our matters. 

120 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our units as of March 2, 2023 held by beneficial owners of 5 or more of the units outstanding, by directors of our general partner, by each executive officer and by all directors and executive officers of our general partner as a group. 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 1 
 Common Units Beneficially Owned Percentage of 
 Common Units 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 3 
 MRMC ESOP Trust 4 
 6,114,532 15.7 Martin Resource Management Corporation 5 
 6,114,532 15.7 Martin Resource LLC 5 
 4,203,823 10.8 Martin Product Sales LLC 5 
 1,021,265 2.6 Cross Oil Refining Marketing Inc. 5 
 889,444 2.3 Invesco Ltd. 2 
 7,216,779 18.5 Senterfitt Holdings Inc. 6 
 3,025,445 7.8 Ruben S. Martin 7 
 9,290,016 23.9 Robert D. Bondurant 132,337 Randall L. Tauscher 79,597 Chris H. Booth 8 
 48,221 Sharon L. Taylor 9 
 20,251 Scot A. Shoup 25,975 C. Scott Massey 10 
 123,206 Byron R. Kelley 105,306 James M. Collingsworth 11 
 103,481 All directors and executive officers as a group (9 persons) 12 
 9,928,390 25.5 
 
 1 The address for Martin Resource Management Corporation and all of the individuals listed in this table, unless otherwise indicated, is c/o Martin Midstream Partners L.P., 4200 Stone Road, Kilgore, Texas, 75662. 
 
 2 Based solely upon the Schedule 13G/A filed on February 11, 2022 with the SEC by the beneficial owner as of December 31, 2022. Invesco Ltd. has sole voting power and sole dispositive power over 7,216,779 of common units. The address for Invesco Ltd. is 1555 Peachtree Street NE, Suite 1800, Atlanta, Georgia, 30309. 
 
 3 The percent of class shown is less than one percent unless otherwise noted. 
 
 4 By virtue of its ownership of 89.38 of the outstanding common stock of Martin Resource Management Corporation, the MRMC ESOP Trust (the "MRMC ESOP") is the controlling shareholder of Martin Resource Management Corporation, and may be deemed to beneficially own the 6,114,532 MMLP Common Units held by Martin Resource LLC, Cross Oil Refining Marketing Inc., and Martin Product Sales LLC. Robert D. Bondurant, Randall L. Tauscher, and Melanie Mathews, Vice President - Human Resources (the "MRMC ESOP Co-Trustees") serve as co-trustees of the MRMC ESOP but all of its voting and investment decisions are directed by the board of directors of Martin Resource Management Corporation. The MRMC ESOP expressly disclaims beneficial ownership of the MMLP Common Units as voting and investment decisions are directed by the board of directors of Martin Resource Management Corporation. 
 
 5 Martin Resource Management Corporation is the owner of Martin Resource LLC, Martin Product Sales LLC, and Cross Oil Refining Marketing Inc., and as such may be deemed to beneficially own the common units held by Martin Resource LLC, Cross Oil Refining Marketing Inc, and Martin Product Sales LLC. The 4,203,823 common units beneficially owned by Martin Resource Management Corporation through its ownership of Martin Resource LLC have been pledged as security to a third party to secure payment for a loan made by such third party. The 1,021,265 common units beneficially owned by Martin Resource Management Corporation through its ownership of Martin Product Sales LLC have been pledged as security to a third party to secure payment for a loan made by such third party. The 889,444 common units beneficially owned by Martin Resource Management Corporation through its ownership of Cross Oil Refining Marketing Inc. have been pledged as security to a third party to secure payment for a loan made by such third party. 
 
 121 

6 Mr. Martin is the sole shareholder and sole director and has sole voting and investment power of Senterfitt Holdings Inc., and as such may be deemed to beneficially own the common units held by Senterfitt Holdings Inc. 
 
 7 Includes: (i) 150,039 common units held of record directly by Mr. Martin and (ii) 3,025,445 Common Units held of record by Senterfitt Holdings Inc., for which Mr. Martin is the sole shareholder and sole director and has sole voting and investment power. By virtue of serving as the Chairman of the Board and President of Martin Resource Management Corporation, Ruben S. Martin may exercise control over the voting and disposition of the securities owned by Martin Resource Management Corporation, and therefore, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the common units owned by Martin Resource Management Corporation, which include 6,114,532 common units beneficially owned through its ownership of Martin Resource LLC, Cross Oil Refining Marketing Inc. and Martin Product Sales LLC. 
 
 8 Mr. Booth is the sole member and sole manager of Mibech Holdings LLC. Mr. Booth may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 22,375 common units held by Mibech Holdings LLC. 
 
 9 Ms. Taylor may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the 1,450 common units held by her husband. 
 
 10 Mr. Massey may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 1,500 common units held by his wife. 
 
 11 Mr. Collingsworth may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 775 common units held by his wife. 
 
 12 The total for all directors and executive officers as a group includes the common units directly owned by such directors and executive officers as well as the common units beneficially owned by Martin Resource Management Corporation as Ruben S. Martin may be deemed to be the beneficial owner thereof. 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation indirectly owns 100 of the membership interests in the holding company that is the sole member of our general partner and, together with our general partner, owns approximately 15.7 of our outstanding common limited partner units as of December 31, 2022. The table below sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 concerning (i) each person owning beneficially in excess of 5 of the voting common stock of Martin Resource Management Corporation, and (ii) the beneficial common stock ownership of (a) each director of Martin Resource Management Corporation, (b) each executive officer of Martin Resource Management Corporation, and (c) all such executive officers and directors of Martin Resource Management Corporation as a group. Except as indicated, each individual has sole voting and investment power over all shares listed opposite his or her name. 
 Beneficial Ownership of Voting Common Stock Name of Beneficial Owner 1 
 Number of Shares Percent of Outstanding Voting Stock MRMC ESOP Trust 2 
 124,757.26 89.38 Martin ESOP Trust 3 
 14,828.54 10.62 Robert D. Bondurant 3 
 14,828.54 10.62 Randall Tauscher 3 
 14,828.54 10.62 
 
 1 The business address of each shareholder, director and executive officer of Martin Resource Management Corporation is c/o Martin Resource Management Corporation, 4200 Stone Road, Kilgore, Texas 75662. 
 
 2 The MRMC ESOP owns 139,585.80 shares of common stock of Martin Resource Management Corporation. The MRMC ESOP Co-Trustees serve as trustees of the MRMC ESOP but all of its voting and investment decisions related to the unallocated shares of common stock are directed by the board of directors of Martin Resource Management Corporation. Of the common stock held by the MRMC ESOP, 117,543.53 shares of common stock are allocated to participant accounts, and 22,042.27 shares of common stock are unallocated. 
 
 3 Robert D. Bondurant and Randall Tauscher (the "Martin ESOP Co-Trustees") are co-trustees of the Martin Employee Stock Ownership Trust which converted from a profit sharing plan known as the Martin Employees' Stock Profit Sharing Plan on January 1, 2014. The Martin ESOP Co-Trustees exercise shared control over the voting and disposition of the securities owned by this trust. As a result, the Martin ESOP Co-Trustees may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the securities held by such trust; thus, the number of shares of common stock reported herein as beneficially owned by the Martin ESOP Co-Trustees 
 122 

includes the 14,829 shares owned by such trust. The Martin ESOP Co-Trustees disclaim beneficial ownership of these 16,003 shares. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, Warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders N/A N/A 2,582,562 Total 2,582,562 
 
 Our general partner has adopted and maintains the Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2021 Phantom Unit Plan and the Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2017 Restricted Unit Plan. For a description of the material features of these plans, please see "Item 11. Executive Compensation Employee Benefit Plans Martin Midstream Partners L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plans". 

123 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Martin Resource Management Corporation owns 6,114,532 of our common limited partnership units representing approximately 15.7 of our outstanding common limited partnership units as of March 2, 2023. Martin Resource Management Corporation indirectly holds 100 of the membership interests in Martin Midstream GP LLC, our general partner, by virtue of its 100 ownership interest in MMGP Holdings, LLC, the sole member of our general partner. Our general partner owns a 2 general partner interest in us. Our general partner s ability to manage and operate us and Martin Resource Management Corporation s ownership of approximately 15.7 of our outstanding common limited partnership units effectively gives Martin Resource Management Corporation the ability to veto some of our actions and to control our management. 
 
 Distributions and Payments to the General Partner and its Affiliates 
 
 The following table summarizes the distributions and payments to be made by us to our general partner and its affiliates in connection with our formation, ongoing operation and liquidation. These distributions and payments were determined by and among affiliated entities and, consequently, are not the result of arm s-length negotiations. 
 
 Formation Stage The consideration received by our general partner and Martin Resource Management Corporation for the transfer of assets to us 4,253,362 subordinated units (All of the original 4,253,362 subordinated units issued to Martin Resource Management Corporation have been converted into common units on a one-for-one basis since the formation of the Partnership. 850,672 subordinated units were converted on each of November 14, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008, respectively, and 850,674 subordinated units were converted on November 14, 2009) 2 general partner interest; and 
 the incentive distribution rights. 
 Operational Stage Distributions of available cash to our general partner We will generally make cash distributions 98 to our unitholders, including Martin Resource Management Corporation as holder of all of the subordinated units, and 2 to our general partner. Assuming we have sufficient available cash to pay the full minimum quarterly distribution on all of our outstanding units for four quarters, our general partner would receive an annual aggregate distribution of approximately 0.01 million on its 2 general partner interest. Payments to our general partner and its affiliates Martin Resource Management Corporation is entitled to reimbursement for all direct expenses it or our general partner incurs on our behalf. The direct expenses include the salaries and benefit costs employees of Martin Resource Management Corporation who provide services to us. Our general partner has sole discretion in determining the amount of these expenses. In addition to the direct expenses, Martin Resource Management Corporation is entitled to reimbursement for a portion of indirect general and administrative and corporate overhead expenses. Under the omnibus agreement, we are required to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for indirect general and administrative and corporate overhead expenses. The board of directors of our general partner will review and approve future adjustments in the reimbursement amount for indirect expenses, if any, annually. Please read "Agreements Omnibus Agreement" below. Withdrawal or removal of our general partner If our general partner withdraws or is removed, its general partner interest will either be sold to the new general partner for cash or converted into common units, in each case for an amount equal to the fair market value of those interests. Liquidation Stage Liquidation Upon our liquidation, the partners, including our general partner, will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions according to their particular capital account balances. 
 
 124 

Agreements 
 
 Omnibus Agreement 
 
 We and our general partner are parties to the Omnibus Agreement with Martin Resource Management Corporation that governs, among other things, potential competition and indemnification obligations among the parties to the agreement, related party transactions, the provision of general administration and support services by Martin Resource Management Corporation and our use of certain of Martin Resource Management Corporation s trade names and trademarks. The Omnibus Agreement was amended on November 25, 2009, to include processing crude oil into finished products including naphthenic lubricants, distillates, asphalt and other intermediate cuts. The Omnibus Agreement was amended further on October 1, 2012, to permit the Partnership to provide certain lubricant packaging products and services to Martin Resource Management Corporation. 
 
 Non-Competition Provisions . Martin Resource Management Corporation has agreed for so long as it controls the general partner of the Partnership, not to engage in the business of: 
 
 terminalling, processing, storage and packaging services for petroleum products and by-products including the refining of naphthenic crude oil; 
 
 land and marine transportation services for petroleum products and by-products, chemicals, and specialty products; 
 
 sulfur and sulfur-based products processing, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution; and 
 
 NGL marketing, distribution, and transportation services. 
 
 This restriction does not apply to: 
 
 the ownership and/or operation on the Partnership s behalf of any asset or group of assets owned by it or its affiliates; 
 
 any business operated by Martin Resource Management Corporation, including the following: 
 
 distributing asphalt, marine fuel and other liquids; 
 
 providing shore-based marine services in Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama; 
 
 operating a crude oil gathering business in Stephens, Arkansas; 
 
 providing crude oil gathering and marketing services of base oils, asphalt, and distillate products in Smackover, Arkansas; 
 
 providing crude oil marketing and transportation from the well head to the end market; 
 
 operating an environmental consulting company; 
 
 supplying employees and services for the operation of our business; and 
 
 operating, solely for our account, the asphalt facilities in each of Hondo, South Houston and Port Neches, Texas and Omaha, Nebraska. 
 
 any business that Martin Resource Management Corporation acquires or constructs that has a fair market value of less than 5,000; 
 
 any business that Martin Resource Management Corporation acquires or constructs that has a fair market value of 5,000 or more if the Partnership has been offered the opportunity to purchase the business for fair market value and the Partnership declines to do so with the concurrence of the Conflicts Committee; and 
 
 any business that Martin Resource Management Corporation acquires or constructs where a portion of such business includes a restricted business and the fair market value of the restricted business is 5,000 or more and represents less than 20 of the aggregate value of the entire business to be acquired or constructed; provided that, following 
 125 

completion of the acquisition or construction, the Partnership will be provided the opportunity to purchase the restricted business. 
 
 Services. Under the Omnibus Agreement, Martin Resource Management Corporation provides us with corporate staff and support services that are substantially identical in nature and quality to the services previously provided by Martin Resource Management Corporation in connection with its management and operation of our assets during the one-year period prior to the date of the agreement. The Omnibus Agreement requires us to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for all direct expenses it incurs or payments it makes on our behalf or in connection with the operation of our business. There is no monetary limitation on the amount we are required to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for direct expenses. In addition to the direct expenses, Martin Resource Management Corporation is entitled to reimbursement for a portion of indirect general and administrative and corporate overhead expenses. 
 
 Under the Omnibus Agreement, we are required to reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for indirect general and administrative and corporate overhead expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the board of directors of our general partner approved and we reimbursed Martin Resource Management Corporation of 13.5 million, 14.4 million and 16.4 million, respectively, reflecting our allocable share of such expenses. The board of directors of our general partner will review and approve future adjustments in the reimbursement amount for indirect expenses, if any, annually. 
 
 These indirect expenses cover all of the centralized corporate functions Martin Resource Management Corporation provides for us, such as accounting, treasury, clerical billing, information technology, administration of insurance, general office expenses and employee benefit plans and other general corporate overhead functions we share with Martin Resource Management Corporation retained businesses. The provisions of the Omnibus Agreement regarding Martin Resource Management Corporation s services will terminate if Martin Resource Management Corporation ceases to control our general partner. 
 
 Related Party Transactions . The Omnibus Agreement prohibits us from entering into any material agreement with Martin Resource Management Corporation without the prior approval of the Conflicts Committee. For purposes of the Omnibus Agreement, the term material agreements means any agreement between us and Martin Resource Management Corporation that requires aggregate annual payments in excess of then-applicable limitation on the reimbursable amount of indirect general and administrative expenses. Please read " Services" above. 
 
 License Provisions . Under the Omnibus Agreement, Martin Resource Management Corporation has granted us a nontransferable, nonexclusive, royalty-free right and license to use certain of its trade names and marks, as well as the trade names and marks used by some of its affiliates. 
 
 Amendment and Termination. The Omnibus Agreement may be amended by written agreement of the parties; provided, however that it may not be amended without the approval of the Conflicts Committee if such amendment would adversely affect the unitholders. The Omnibus Agreement was first amended on November 25, 2009, to permit us to provide refining services to Martin Resource Management Corporation. The Omnibus Agreement was amended further on October 1, 2012, to permit us to provide certain lubricant packaging products and services to Martin Resource Management Corporation. Such amendments were approved by the Conflicts Committee. The Omnibus Agreement, other than the indemnification provisions and the provisions limiting the amount for which we will reimburse Martin Resource Management Corporation for general and administrative services performed on our behalf, will terminate if we are no longer an affiliate of Martin Resource Management Corporation. 
 
 Master Transportation Services Agreement 
 
 Master Transportation Services Agreement. MTI, a wholly owned subsidiary of us, is a party to a master transportation services agreement effective January 1, 2019, with certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Martin Resource Management Corporation. Under the agreement, MTI agreed to transport Martin Resource Management Corporation's petroleum products and by-products. 
 
 Term and Pricing. The agreement will continue unless either party terminates the agreement by giving at least 30 days' written notice to the other party. The rates under the agreement are subject to any adjustments which are mutually agreed upon or in accordance with a price index. Additionally, shipping charges are also subject to fuel surcharges determined on a weekly basis in accordance with the U.S. Department of Energy s national diesel price list. 
 
 126 

Indemnification. MTI has agreed to indemnify Martin Resource Management Corporation against all claims arising out of the negligence or willful misconduct of MTI and its officers, employees, agents, representatives and subcontractors. Martin Resource Management Corporation has agreed to indemnify MTI against all claims arising out of the negligence or willful misconduct of Martin Resource Management Corporation and its officers, employees, agents, representatives and subcontractors. In the event a claim is the result of the joint negligence or misconduct of MTI and Martin Resource Management Corporation, indemnification obligations will be shared in proportion to each party s allocable share of such joint negligence or misconduct. 
 
 Terminal Services Agreements 
 
 Diesel Fuel Terminal Services Agreement. Effective October 1, 2022, The Partnership entered into a third amended and restated terminalling services agreement under which it provides terminal services to Martin Energy Services LLC MES ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Resource Management Corporation, for fuel distribution utilizing marine shore based terminals owned by the Partnership. This agreement amended the existing arrangement between the Partnership and MES by eliminating any minimum throughput volume requirements and increasing the per gallon throughput fee. The term of this agreement expires on December 31, 2023 but will continue on a year to year basis until terminated by either party by giving at least 90 days written notice prior to the end of any term. 
 
 Miscellaneous Terminal Services Agreements. We are currently party to several terminal services agreements and from time to time we may enter into other terminal service agreements for the purpose of providing terminal services to related parties. Individually, each of these agreements is immaterial but when considered in the aggregate they could be deemed material. These agreements are throughput based with a minimum volume commitment. Generally, the fees due under these agreements are adjusted annually based on a price index. 
 
 Marine Agreements 
 
 Marine Transportation Agreement. We are a party to a marine transportation agreement effective January 1, 2006, as amended, under which we provide marine transportation services to Martin Resource Management Corporation on a spot-contract basis at applicable market rates. Effective each January 1, this agreement automatically renews for consecutive one-year periods unless either party terminates the agreement by giving written notice to the other party at least 60 days prior to the expiration of the then- applicable term. The fees we charge Martin Resource Management Corporation are based on applicable market rates. 
 
 Marine Fuel. We are a party to an agreement with Martin Resource Management Corporation dated November 1, 2002 as amended, under which Martin Resource Management Corporation provides us with marine fuel from its locations in the Gulf of Mexico at a fixed rate in excess of the Platt s U.S. Gulf Coast Index for #2 Fuel Oil. Under this agreement, we agreed to purchase all of its marine fuel requirements that occur in the areas serviced by Martin Resource Management Corporation. 
 
 Other Agreements 
 
 Cross Tolling Agreement. The Partnership is a party to an amended and restated tolling agreement with Cross Oil Refining and Marketing, Inc. ("Cross") dated October 28, 2014, under which the Partnership processes crude oil into finished products, including naphthenic lubricants, distillates, asphalt and other intermediate cuts for Cross. The tolling agreement expires November 25, 2031. Under this tolling agreement, Cross agreed to process a minimum of 6,500 barrels per day of crude oil at the facility at a fixed price per barrel. Any additional barrels are processed at a modified price per barrel. In addition, Cross agreed to pay a monthly reservation fee and a periodic fuel surcharge fee based on certain parameters specified in the tolling agreement. Further, certain capital improvements, to the extent requested by Cross, are reimbursed through a capital recovery fee. All of these fees (other than the fuel surcharge) are subject to escalation annually based upon the greater of 3 or the increase in the Consumer Price Index for a specified annual perio d . 
 
 Other Miscellaneous Agreements. From time to time we enter into other miscellaneous agreements with Martin Resource Management Corporation for the provision of other services or the purchase of other goods. 
 
 Other Related Party Transactions 
 
 East Texas Mack Leases. MTI leases equipment, including tractors and trailers, from East Texas Mack Sales. Certain of our directors and officers are owners of East Texas Mack, including entities affiliated with Ruben Martin, who owns approximately 46 of the issued and outstanding stock of East Texas Mack. Amounts paid to East Texas Mack for tractor and 
 127 

trailer lease payments and lease residuals for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were approximately 1.9, 1.1 and 0.7, respectively. 
 
 Consulting Services Agreement . The Operating Partnership is a party to the Consulting Services Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Consulting Services Agreement, Ruben S. Martin has agreed to provide business and strategic development support to the Operating Partnership, and the Operating Partnership has agreed to pay Mr. Martin 0.3 million per year for such services, which amount was paid to Mr. Martin for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Consulting Services Agreement expired on December 31. 2022. 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 Certain of directors, officers and employees of our general partner and Martin Resource Management Corporation maintain margin accounts with broker-dealers with respect to our common units held by such persons. Margin account transactions for such directors, officers and employees were conducted by such broker-dealers in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 For information regarding amounts of related party transactions that are included in the Partnership's Consolidated Statements of Operations, please see Note 12, "Related Party Transactions", in Part II, Item 8. 
 
 Approval and Review of Related Party Transactions 
 
 If we contemplate entering into a transaction, other than a routine or in the ordinary course of business transaction, in which a related person will have a direct or indirect material interest, the proposed transaction is submitted for consideration to the board of directors of our general partner or to our management, as appropriate. If the board of directors is involved in the approval process, it determines whether to refer the matter to the Conflicts Committee, as constituted under our limited Partnership Agreement. If a matter is referred to the Conflicts Committee, it obtains information regarding the proposed transaction from management and determines whether to engage independent legal counsel or an independent financial advisor to advise the members of the committee regarding the transaction. If the Conflicts Committee retains such counsel or financial advisor, it considers such advice and, in the case of a financial advisor, such advisor s opinion as to whether the transaction is fair and reasonable to us and to our unitholders. 
 
 128 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 KPMG LLP served as our independent auditors for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following fees were paid to KPMG LLP for services rendered during our last two fiscal years: 
 2022 2021 Audit fees 1,238,000 (1) 1,060,000 (1) Audit related fees Audit and audit related fees 1,238,000 1,060,000 Tax fees 95,100 (2) 107,000 (2) All other fees 7,000 Total fees 1,333,100 1,174,000 
 
 (1) 2022 and 2021 audit fees include fees for the annual financial statement audit, audit of internal controls over financial reporting, and interim reviews included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. In both periods these amounts also include fees related to services in connection with transactions, regulatory filings, and consents. 
 
 (2) Tax fees are for services related to the review of our partnership K-1's returns, and research and consultations on other tax related matters. 
 
 Under policies and procedures established by the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services performed by our independent auditor to ensure that the provisions of such services do not impair the auditor s independence. All of the services described above that were provided by KPMG LLP in years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were approved in advance by the Audit Committee. 
 
 129 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Financial Statements, Schedules 
 (1) Financial Statements (see Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding financial statements) 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: The separate filing of financial statement schedules has been omitted because such schedules are either not applicable or the information called for therein appears in the footnotes of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 130 

(b) Exhibits 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Name 3.1 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Martin Midstream Partners L.P. (the "Partnership"), dated June 21, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Partnership's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-91706), filed July 1, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, dated November 23, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed November 29, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.3 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Martin Operating Partnership L.P. (the "Operating Partnership"), dated June 21, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Partnership's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-91706), filed July 1, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.4 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership, dated November 6, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed November 19, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.5 Certificate of Formation of Martin Midstream GP LLC (the "General Partner"), dated June 21, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the Partnership's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-91706), filed July 1, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.6 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the General Partner, dated November 23, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 000-50056), filed November 29, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.7 Certificate of Formation of Martin Operating GP LLC (the "Operating General Partner"), dated June 21, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 3.7 to the Partnership's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-91706), filed July 1, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.8 Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Operating General Partner, dated June 21, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 3.8 to the Partnership's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-91706), filed July 1, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.9 Certificate of Formation of Redbird Gas Storage LLC, dated May 24, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.27 to the Partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed March 2, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.10 Certificate of Merger of Cardinal Gas Storage Partners LLC with and into Redbird Gas Storage LLC, dated October 27, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 3.27 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed October 29, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.11 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Redbird Gas Storage LLC (F/K/A Cardinal Gas Storage Partners LLC) dated October 27, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 3.26 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed October 29, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.1 Indenture (including form of 11.500 Senior Secured Second Lien Notes due 2028), dated February 8, 2023, by and among the Partnership, Martin Midstream Finance Corp., the guarantors named therein, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed February 8, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.2 Description of Securities 
 10.1 Omnibus Agreement, dated November 1, 2002, by and among Martin Resource Management Corporation, the General Partner, the Partnership and the Operating Partnership (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed November 19, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2 Amendment No. 1 to Omnibus Agreement, dated as of November 25, 2009, by and among Martin Resource Management Corporation, the General Partner, the Partnership and the Operating Partnership (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed December 1, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.3 Amendment No. 2 to Omnibus Agreement, dated October 1, 2012, by Martin Resource Management Corporation, the General Partner, the Partnership and the Operating Partnership (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed October 9, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.4 Motor Carrier Agreement, dated January 1, 2006, as amended, by and between the Operating Partnership and Martin Transport, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed March 2, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.5 2014 Amended and Restated Tolling Agreement, dated October 28, 2014, by and between the Operating Partnership and Cross Oil Refining Marketing, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed October 29, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 131 

10.60 2021 Amended and Restated Tolling Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and between the Operating Partnership and Cross Oil Refining Marketing, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed March 1, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.7 Marine Transportation Agreement, dated January 1, 2006, as amended, by and between the Operating Partnership and Midstream Fuel Service, L.L.C. (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed March 2, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.8 Marine Fuel Agreement, dated November 1, 2002, by and between Midstream Fuel Service LLC and the Operating Partnership (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC No. 000-50056), filed November 19, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.9 Martin Midstream Partners L.P. Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC No. 000-50056), filed January 26, 2006, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.10 Form of Restricted Common Unit Grant Notice (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC No. 000-50056), filed January 26, 2006, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.11 Purchaser Use Easement, Ingress-Egress Easement, and Utility Facilities Easement dated November 1, 2002, by and between MGSLLC and the Operating Partnership (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K/A (SEC No. 000-50056), filed November 19, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.12 Amended and Restated Terminal Services Agreement by and between the Operating Partnership and Martin Fuel Service LLC ("MFSLLC"), dated October 27, 2004 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC No. 000-50056), filed October 28, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.13 Lubricants and Drilling Fluids Terminal Services Agreement by and between the Operating Partnership and MFS LLC, dated December 23, 2003, as amended, (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Partnership s Amendment No. 1 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A (SEC No. 000-50056), filed January 23, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.14 
 Amended and Restated Martin Resource Management Corporation Purchase Plan for Units of the Partnership, effective April 1, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership's registration statement on Form S-8 (SEC File No. 333-203857), filed May 5, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.15 Form of Partnership Indemnification Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed November 6, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.16 Amended and Restated Common Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2009, by and between the Partnership and Martin Resource Management Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed December 1, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.17 Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2017 Restricted Unit Plan (filed as Exhibit A to the Partnership s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed April 21, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.18 Restricted Unit Agreement under the Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2017 Restricted Unit Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed February 16, 2018). 
 10.19 Partnership Interest Purchase Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed July 25, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.20 Stock Purchase Agreement between Martin Resource Management Corporation and the Operating Partnership (filed as Exhibit 10.1 on the Partnership s Current Report Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed October 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.21 Master Transportation Services Agreement by and among Martin Resource Management Corporation, Cross Oil Refining Marketing, Inc., Martin Energy Services LLC, and Martin Product Sales LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 on the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed April 26, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.22 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement by and among Hartree Cardinal Gas, LLC, Cardinal Gas Storage Partners LLC, Hartree Bulk Storage, LLC, and the Partnership (filed as Exhibit 10.1 on the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed June 13, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.23 Retention Bonus Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2020, among Martin Operating Partnership and certain Named Executive Officers, the material provisions of which were disclosed in item 5.02 on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed September 3, 2020. 
 10.24 Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2020, by and between Martin Operating Partnership L.P. and John W. Stone Oil Distributor, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 on the Partnership s Current Report Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed December 29, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.25 Vessel Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, by and between Martin Operating Partnership L.P. and John W. Stone Oil Distributor, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.2 on the Partnership s Current Report Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed December 29, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.26 Employment Agreement, dated October 20, 2020, between Martin Resource Management Corporation and Robert D. Bondurant (filed as Exhibit 10.1 on the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed October 22, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 132 

10.27 Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2021 Phantom Unit Plan, effective as of July 21, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed July 26, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.28 Form of Phantom Unit Award Agreement for the Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2021 Phantom Unit Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed July 26, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.29 Form of Phantom Unit Appreciation Right Award Agreement for the Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2021 Phantom Unit Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed July 26, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.30 First Amendment to Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 2021 Phantom Unit Plan, effective as of April 20, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed April 26, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.31 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated July 26, 2022, by and between Martin Resource Management Corporation and Robert D. Bondurant (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed August 1, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.32 
 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2023, by and among Martin Operating Partnership L.P., as borrower, the Partnership, as guarantor, the other guarantors party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as syndication agent and L/C Issuer (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Partnership s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-50056), filed January 30, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 31.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C., Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Pursuant to SEC Release 34-47551, this Exhibit is furnished to the SEC and shall not be deemed to be "filed." 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C., Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Pursuant to SEC Release 34-47551, this Exhibit is furnished to the SEC and shall not be deemed to be "filed." 
 101 Inline Interactive Data: the following financial information from Martin Midstream Partners L.P. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language: (1) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (2) the Consolidated Statements of Income; (3) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (4) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (5) the Consolidated Statements of Capital; and (6) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed or furnished herewith. As required by Item 15(a)(3) of Form 10-K, this exhibit is identified as a compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 This filing excludes certain schedules and exhibits pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, which the registrant agrees to furnish supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request by the Commission; provided, however, that the registrant may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any schedules or exhibits so furnished. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have duly caused this Report to be signed on our behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized representative. 
 133 

Martin Midstream Partners L.P 
 (Registrant) By: Martin Midstream GP LLC 
 It's General Partner March 2, 2023 By: /s/ Robert D. Bondurant Robert D. Bondurant President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Martin Midstream Partners L.P 
 (Registrant) By: Martin Midstream GP LLC 
 It's General Partner March 2, 2023 By: /s/ Sharon L. Taylor Sharon L. Taylor Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 2, 2023. 
 
 134 

Signature Title /s/ Robert D. Bondurant President, Director, and Chief Executive Officer of Martin Midstream GP LLC (Principal Executive Officer) Robert D. Bondurant /s/Ruben S. Martin Chairman of the Board of Directors of Martin Midstream GP LLC Ruben S. Martin /s/James M. Collingsworth Director of Martin Midstream GP LLC James M. Collingsworth /s/Byron R. Kelley Director of Martin Midstream GP LLC Byron R. Kelley /s/C. Scott Massey Director of Martin Midstream GP LLC C. Scott Massey 
 
 135 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 exhibit43-descriptionofsec.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 As of March 2, 2023, Martin Midstream Partners L.P. has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act our common units. 
 
 The following description of our common units is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated November 23, 2021 (our Partnership Agreement ), which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part. We encourage you to read our Partnership Agreement for additional information. 
 
 Description of Our Common Units 
 
 Our common units represent limited partner interests that entitle the holders to participate in our partnership distributions and to exercise the rights and privileges available to limited partners under our Partnership Agreement. References in this Description of the Common Units to we, us and our mean Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 
 
 Number of Units 
 
 As of March 2, 2023, we have 38,914,806 common units outstanding, 32,800,274 of which are held by the public, 4,203,823 are held by Martin Resource LLC, 889,444 are held by Cross Oil Refining & Marketing Inc. and 1,021,265 are held by Martin Product Sales LLC, each a wholly owned subsidiary of Martin Resource Management. The common units represent an aggregate 98.0 limited partner interest. Our general partner owns an aggregate 2.0 general partner interest in us. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our outstanding common units are traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol MMLP. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common units is Computershare. 
 
 Transfer of Common Units 
 
 Except as otherwise provided in the Partnership Agreement, the transfer of a common unit will not be recorded by the transfer agent or recognized by us unless the transferee executes and delivers a transfer application. By executing and delivering a transfer application, the transferee of common units 
 
 becomes the record holder of the common units and is an assignee until admitted into our partnership as a substituted limited partner 
 automatically requests admission as a substituted limited partner in our partnership 
 agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of, and executes, our Partnership Agreement 
 represents that the transferee has the capacity, power and authority to enter into our Partnership Agreement 
 grants powers of attorney to officers of our general partner and any liquidator of us as specified in our Partnership Agreement and 
 makes the consents and waivers contained in our Partnership Agreement. 
 
 An assignee will become a substituted limited partner of our partnership for the transferred common units upon the consent of our general partner and the recording of the name of the assignee on our books and records. Our general partner may withhold its consent in its sole discretion. 
 
 A transferee s broker, agent or nominee may complete, execute and deliver a transfer application. We are entitled to treat the record holder of a common unit as the absolute owner. In that case, the beneficial holder s rights are limited solely to those that it has against the record holder as a result of any agreement between the beneficial owner and the record holder. 

Common units are securities and are transferable according to the laws governing transfer of securities. In addition to other rights acquired upon transfer, the transferor gives the transferee the right to request admission as a substituted limited partner in our partnership for the transferred common units. A purchaser or transferee of common units who does not execute and deliver a transfer application obtains only 
 
 the right to assign the common unit to a purchaser or other transferee and 
 the right to transfer the right to seek admission as a substituted limited partner in our partnership for the transferred common units. 
 
 Thus, a purchaser or transferee of common units who does not execute and deliver a transfer application 
 
 will not receive cash distributions, unless the common units are held in a nominee or street name account and the nominee or broker has executed and delivered a transfer application and 
 may not receive some U.S. federal income tax information or reports furnished to record holders of common units. 
 
 Our Partnership Agreement requires that a transferor of common units provide the transferee with all information that may be necessary to transfer the common units. The transferor is not required to insure the execution of the transfer application by the transferee and has no liability or responsibility if the transferee neglects or chooses not to execute and forward the transfer application to the transfer agent. 
 
 Until a common unit has been transferred on our books, we and the transfer agent may treat the record holder of the unit as the absolute owner for all purposes, except as otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange regulations. 
 
 Cash Distributions 
 
 Our Partnership Agreement requires that, within 45 days after the end of each quarter, we distribute all of our available cash to unitholders of record on the applicable record date. Other than the requirement in our Partnership Agreement to distribute all of our available cash each quarter, we have no legal obligation to make quarterly cash distributions and the board of directors of our general partner has considerable discretion to determine the amount of our available cash each quarter. Available cash generally means, for each fiscal quarter, all cash and cash equivalents on hand at the end of each quarter less the amount of cash reserves our general partner determines in its reasonable discretion is necessary or appropriate to (i) provide for the proper conduct of our business (ii) comply with applicable law, any debt instruments or other agreements or (iii) provide funds for distributions to unitholders and our general partner for any one or more of the next four quarters, plus all cash on the date of determination of available cash for the quarter resulting from working capital borrowings made after the end of the quarter. Working capital borrowings are borrowings that are made under our revolving credit facility or other arrangement requiring all borrowings thereunder to be reduced to a relatively small amount each year for an economically meaningful period of time and in all cases are used solely for working capital purposes or to pay distributions to partners. 
 
 Liquidation 
 
 If we dissolve in accordance with our Partnership Agreement, we will sell or otherwise dispose of our assets in a process called liquidation. We will first apply the proceeds of liquidation to the payment of our creditors. We will distribute any remaining proceeds to the holders of common units and our general partner, in accordance with their capital account balances, as adjusted to reflect any gain or loss upon the sale or other disposition of our assets in liquidation, all in accordance with the terms of our Partnership Agreement. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Except as described below regarding a person or group owning 20 or more of any class of units then outstanding, record holders of units on the record date will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, meetings of our limited partners and to act upon matters for which approvals may be solicited. 
 
 Meetings of the unitholders may be called by our general partner or by unitholders owning at least 20 of the outstanding units of the class for which a meeting is proposed. The holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding units of the class or classes for which a meeting has been called, represented in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum unless any action by the unitholders requires approval by holders of a greater percentage of the units, in which case the quorum will be the greater percentage. For all matters presented to the limited partners at a meeting at which a quorum is present for which no minimum or other vote of the limited partners is specifically required pursuant to our Partnership Agreement, the rules and regulations of any national securities exchange on which the common units are admitted to trading, or applicable law 

or pursuant to any regulation applicable to us or our partnership interests, a majority of the votes cast by the limited partners holding outstanding common units will be deemed to constitute the act of all limited partners (with abstentions and broker non-votes being deemed to not have been cast with respect to such matter). The general partner interest does not entitle our general partner to any vote other than its rights as general partner under our Partnership Agreement, will not be entitled to vote on any action required or permitted to be taken by the unitholders and will not count toward or be considered outstanding when calculating required votes, determining the presence of a quorum, or for similar purposes. 
 
 Each record holder of a unit has a vote according to its percentage interest in us. However, if at any time any person or group, other than our general partner and its affiliates, a direct transferee of our general partner and its affiliates, a transferee of such direct transferee, who is notified by our general partner that it will not lose its voting rights, or a person or a group who acquired 20 or more of any class of units issued by us with the prior approval of the board of directors of our general partner, acquires, in the aggregate, beneficial ownership of 20 or more of any class of units then outstanding, that person or group will lose voting rights on all of its units and the units may not be voted on any matter and will not be considered to be outstanding when sending notices of a meeting of unitholders, calculating required votes, determining the presence of a quorum, or for other similar purposes. 

The following matters require the unitholder vote specified below. Matters requiring the approval of a unit majority requires the approval of a majority of the outstanding common units. 
 Matter Vote Requirement Issuance of additional units No approval rights. Amendment of the Partnership Agreement Certain amendments may be made by the general partner without the approval of the unitholders. Other amendments generally require the approval of a unit majority. Merger of our partnership or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets Unit majority. Dissolution of our partnership Unit majority. Reconstitution of our partnership upon dissolution Unit majority. Withdrawal of the general partner The approval of a majority of the outstanding common units, excluding common units held by the general partner and its affiliates, is required for the withdrawal of the general partner prior to September 30, 2012 in a manner which would cause a dissolution of our partnership. Removal of the general partner Not less than 66 2 3 of the outstanding units, including units held by our general partner and its affiliates. Transfer of ownership interests in the general partner Our general partner may transfer its general partner interest without a vote of our unitholders in connection with the general partner s merger or consolidation with or into, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets to, a third person. Our general partner may also transfer all of its general partner interest to an affiliate without a vote of our unitholders. The approval of a majority of the outstanding common units, excluding common units held by the general partner and its affiliates, is required in other circumstances for a transfer of the general partner interest to a third party prior to September 30, 2012. Transfer of ownership interests in the general partner No approval required at any time. 
 
 Amendments of Our Partnership Agreement 
 
 Amendments to our Partnership Agreement may be proposed only by or with the consent of our general partner, which consent may be given or withheld in its sole discretion. In order to adopt a proposed amendment, other than the amendments discussed below, our general partner must seek written approval of the holders of the number of units required to approve the amendment or call a meeting of the limited partners to consider and vote upon the proposed amendment. Except as described below, an amendment must be approved by a unit majority. 
 
 Prohibited Amendments . No amendment may be made that would 
 
 enlarge the obligations of any limited partner without its consent, unless approved by at least a majority of the type or class of limited partner interests so affected 

enlarge the obligations of, restrict in any way any action by or rights of, or reduce in any way the amounts distributable, reimbursable or otherwise payable by us to our general partner or any of its affiliates without the consent of our general partner, which may be given or withheld in its sole discretion 
 change the duration of our partnership 
 provide that our partnership is not dissolved upon an election to dissolve our partnership by our general partner that is approved by a unit majority or 
 give any person the right to dissolve our partnership other than our general partner s right to dissolve our partnership with the approval of a unit majority. 
 
 The provision of our Partnership Agreement preventing the amendments having the effects described in any of the clauses above can be amended upon the approval of the holders of at least 90 of the outstanding units voting together as a single class. 
 
 Additionally, our general partner may generally make amendments to our Partnership Agreement without the approval of any limited partner in certain circumstances. 
 
 Limitations on Liability 
 
 Assuming that a limited partner does not participate in the control of our business within the meaning of the Delaware Act and that it otherwise acts in conformity with the provisions of our Partnership Agreement, its liability under the Delaware Act will be limited, subject to possible exceptions, to the amount of capital it is obligated to contribute to us for its common units plus its share of any undistributed profits and assets. 
 
 Issuance of Additional Partnership Interests 
 
 Subject to certain limitations, our Partnership Agreement authorizes us to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership interests and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to the partnership interests for any partnership purpose at any time and from time to time to such persons for such consideration and on such terms and conditions as our general partner shall determine in its sole discretion, all without the approval of any partners. 
 
 In accordance with Delaware law and the provisions of our Partnership Agreement, we may also issue additional partnership interests that, as determined by our general partner, may have special voting rights to which the common units are not entitled. 
 
 Change of Management Provisions 
 
 Our Partnership Agreement contains specific provisions that are intended to discourage a person or group from attempting to remove Martin Midstream GP LLC as our general partner or otherwise change our management. If any person or group other than our general partner and its affiliates acquires beneficial ownership of 20 or more of any class of units, that person or group loses voting rights on all of its units. This loss of voting rights does not apply to any person or group that acquires the units from our general partner or its affiliates and any transferees of that person or group who are notified by our general partner that they will not lose their voting rights or to any person or group who acquires the units with the prior approval of the board of directors of our general partner. 
 
 Limited Call Right 
 
 If at any time our general partner and its affiliates own more than 80 of the then-issued and outstanding limited partner interests of any class, our general partner will have the right, which it may assign in whole or in part to any of its affiliates or to us, to acquire all, but not less than all, of the limited partner interests of such class held by unaffiliated persons as of a record date to be selected by our general partner, on at least 10, but not more than 60, days written notice. 
 
 Books and Reports 
 
 Our Partnership Agreement states that we will mail or make available to record holders of common units, within 120 days after the close of each fiscal year, an annual report containing audited financial statements and a report on those financial statements by our independent public accountants. Except for our fourth quarter, we will also mail or make available summary financial information within 90 days after the close of each quarter. We will furnish each record holder of a unit with information reasonably required for tax reporting purposes within 90 days after the close of each calendar year. 

Right to Inspect Our Books and Records 
 
 In addition to information that a limited partner would otherwise have under Delaware law, our Partnership Agreement provides that a limited partner can, for a purpose reasonably related to its interest as a limited partner, upon reasonable written demand stating the purpose of such demand and at its own expense, have furnished to such limited partner, certain information regarding the status of our business and financial condition, in addition to certain information related to our record holders. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211-subsidiariesx20.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF 
 MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P. 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Martin Operating GP LLC Delaware Martin Operating Partnership L.P. Delaware Martin Midstream Finance Corp. Delaware Redbird Gas Storage LLC Delaware Martin Transport, Inc. Texas Talen's Marine & Fuel, LLC Louisiana Martin ELSA Investment LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231-2022consentofkp.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-265484) on Form S-3 and in the registration statements (Nos. 333-218693, 333-203857, and 333-140152) on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 2, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Martin Midstream Partners L.P. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 March 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit31_1202210-k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Robert D. Bondurant, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 March 2, 2023 s Robert D. Bondurant Robert D. Bondurant, President and Chief Executive Officer of Martin Midstream GP LLC, the General Partner of Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit31_2202210-k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Sharon L. Taylor, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 March 2, 2023 s Sharon L. Taylor Sharon L. Taylor, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Martin Midstream GP LLC, the General Partner of Martin Midstream Partners L.P. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit32_1202210-k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Martin Midstream Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Robert D. Bondurant, Chief Executive Officer of Martin Midstream GP LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 
 
 s Robert D. Bondurant Robert D. Bondurant, Chief Executive Officer of Martin Midstream GP LLC, General Partner of Martin Midstream Partners L.P. March 2, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Partnership and will be retained by the Partnership and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit32_2202210-k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Martin Midstream Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Sharon L. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer of Martin Midstream GP LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

s Sharon L. Taylor Sharon L. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer of Martin Midstream GP LLC, General Partner of Martin Midstream Partners L.P. March 2, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Partnership and will be retained by the Partnership and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mmlp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 mmlp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mmlp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mmlp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mmlp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

