<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1734750_0001213900-23-024616.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7128170</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>238037</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1322906</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1676056</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1959989</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1743210</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024616.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330160216
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024616
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Movano Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001734750
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				824233771
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40254
		FILM NUMBER:		23780575

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6800 KOLL CENTER PARKWAY
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94566
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-393-1209

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6800 KOLL CENTER PARKWAY
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94566

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Maestro Sensors Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180315

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024616.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_movanoinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive office) (Zip
code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked
price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. . 

As of March 23, 2023, there
were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The registrant intends to
file a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Portions of such proxy statement are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

MOVANO, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 12 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 31 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 31 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 31 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 31 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 32 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 32 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 33 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 40 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 41 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 
 41 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 
 41 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 41 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 42 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 42 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters. 
 
 42 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 42 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 42 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 43 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 44 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, that are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created by those sections. Forward-looking statements,
which are based on certain assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, can generally be identified by the
use of forward-looking terms such as believe, expect, may, will, should, 
 would, could, seek, intend, plan, goal, project, 
 estimate, anticipate, strategy , future , likely or other comparable
terms and references to future periods. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K regarding our strategies, prospects, financial condition, operations, costs, plans and objectives are forward-looking statements.
Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding: expectations for revenues, cash flows and
financial performance, the anticipated results of our development efforts and the timing for receipt of required regulatory approvals
and product launches. 

Forward-looking statements are neither historical
facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding
the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions.
Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances
that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially
from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important
factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements
include, among others, the following: 

our
limited operating history and our ability to achieve profitability; 

our
ability to continue as a going concern and our need for and ability to obtain additional capital in the future; 

our
ability to demonstrate the feasibility of and develop products and their underlying technologies; 

the
impact of competitive or alternative products, technologies and pricing; 

the
impact of the COVID-19 on our business and local and global economic conditions; 

our
ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel; 

our
dependence on consultants to assist in the development of our technologies; 

our
ability to manage the growth of our Company and to realize the benefits from any acquisitions or strategic alliances we may enter in
the future; 

ii 

the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions; 

our
dependence on the successful commercialization of our proposed solution; 

our
dependence on third parties to design, manufacture, market and distribute our proposed products; 

the
adequacy of protections afforded to us by the patents that we own and the success we may have in, and the cost to us of, maintaining,
enforcing and defending those patents; 

our
ability to obtain, expand and maintain patent protection in the future, and to protect our non-patented intellectual property; 

the
impact of any claims of intellectual property infringement, trade secret misappropriation, product liability, product recalls or other
claims; 

our
need to secure required FCC, FDA and other regulatory approvals from governmental authorities in United States; 

the
impact of healthcare regulations and reform measures; 

the
accuracy of our estimates of market size for our planned solution; 

our
ability to implement and maintain effective control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; 

our
success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items; and 

other
factors discussed in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Risk Factors
sections of this Form 10-K. 

Any forward-looking statement made by us in this
report is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation
to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of
new information, future developments or otherwise. 

iii 

PART I 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the terms Movano , Movano Health 
 we, us, our and the Company refer to Movano Inc. 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

Movano Inc., dba Movano Health, a Delaware corporation,
is developing a platform to deliver purpose-driven healthcare solutions to bring medical-grade, high-quality data to the forefront of
consumer health devices. 

The Company s initial commercial product
in development is the Evie Ring, which is a wearable designed specifically for women. The Evie Ring combines health and wellness metrics
to give a full picture of one s health, which we expect to include resting heart rate, heart rate variability HRV ),
blood oxygen saturation SpO 2 ), respiration rate, skin temperature variability, period and ovulation tracking,
menstrual symptom tracking, activity profile, including steps, active minutes and calories burned, sleep stages and duration, and mood
tracking. The device will provide women and their network of caregivers with continuous health data distilled down to simple, yet meaningful,
insights to help them make manageable lifestyle changes and take a more proactive approach that could mitigate the risks of chronic disease. 

Movano Health is planning to seek FDA clearance
for the Evie Ring, which will make it one of the first consumer wearables that is also FDA cleared for medical use. We are on track to
file our first FDA submission for the Evie Ring s heart and SpO 2 data in the second quarter of 2023 following a successful
pivotal hypoxia trial during the fourth quarter of 2022. FDA clearance of these metrics would ensure confidence of the Evie Ring s
vital signs monitoring capabilities and could make the device attractive for doctors and in clinical trials for patient monitoring. 

In addition to the Evie Ring, we are developing the smallest ever patented
and proprietary System-on-a-Chip SoC designed specifically for blood pressure or continuous glucose monitoring CGM systems. We built the integrated sensor from the ground up with multiple antennas and a variety of frequencies to achieve an unprecedented
level of precision in health monitoring. We are currently conducting clinical trials with the SoC and developing algorithms that, if successful,
will enable us to develop wearables that can monitor glucose non-invasively and blood pressure without a cuff. Our end goal is to bring
a Class II FDA-cleared device to the market that includes CGM and cuffless blood pressure monitoring capabilities. Over time, our technology
could also enable the measurement and continuous monitoring of other health data. 

1 

Problem 

The scale of the chronic disease health crisis
is enormous, and we believe the need to address it is immediate. The United States spent over 18 of its GDP on healthcare in 2021, and
according to the American Heart Association 133 million Americans are living with at least one chronic illness with 170 million
expected to be by 2030. 

Coronavirus disease COVID-19 has
disproportionately affected the wellbeing of those with chronic conditions and the pandemic has created a heightened awareness about the
importance of health and the high risk of complications. People have become more sensitive to the fact that managing health is not just
about being physically fit but may also be a predictor of future quality of life and even lifespan. There is a need for optimized, accurate
monitoring and maintenance of high-risk populations, such as those living with, or at heightened risk of, chronic conditions. 

Wearable medical technology today, including CGMs and blood pressure
monitors, have made it easier for those affected by chronic diseases, but many devices are still invasive, inconvenient and/or expensive. 

2 

COVID-19 

COVID-19 is an infectious disease caused by the
SARS-CoV-2 virus, which was declared a public health emergency of international concern by the World Health Organization WHO in 2020. The virus can spread easily from an infected person s mouth or nose in small liquid particles when they cough, sneeze,
speak, sing or breathe. As of early January 2023, WHO reported that since the beginning of the pandemic there has been more than 669 million
cases and nearly 6.74 million deaths caused by COVID-19 worldwide. 

While some people infected with the virus experience
mild respiratory illness and recover without requiring special treatment, others, especially those with chronic conditions, become seriously
ill. Those with underlying medical conditions, such as diabetes or hypertension, are more likely to experience severe illness, ICU admission
and face a higher risk of mortality. When people with diabetes become sick, it can dramatically raise blood sugar levels. Having high
blood sugar can make it more difficult to fight off illnesses like COVID-19. 

However, the risk of getting very sick from COVID-19
is likely to be lower if chronic conditions are well-managed. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and the consequent global
healthcare crisis have highlighted the need for better monitoring of higher risk populations, such as those living with chronic conditions,
to prevent continued deaths and long-term health issues. 

Diabetes 

Diabetes is a chronic, life-threatening disease
for which there is no known cure. The disease is caused by the body s inability to produce or effectively utilize the hormone insulin,
which prevents the body from adequately regulating blood glucose levels. If glucose levels are not managed properly, it can lead to serious
health conditions and complications, including heart disease, limb amputations, loss of kidney function, blindness, seizures, coma and
even death. According to the 2021 International Diabetes Federation Atlas, an estimated 537 million people worldwide had diabetes as of
the date of the report. The number of people with diabetes PWDs worldwide is estimated to grow to 783 million by 2045,
driven primarily by growth in type 2 diabetes and due to various reasons, including a change in dietary trends, an aging population and
increased prevalence of the disease in younger people. 

To maintain blood glucose levels within the normal
range, many PWDs seek to actively monitor their blood glucose levels. The traditional method of self-monitoring of blood glucose requires
lancing the fingertips, commonly referred to as finger sticks, multiple times per day to obtain a blood drop to be applied to a test
strip inside a blood glucose meter. This method of monitoring glucose levels is inconvenient and can be painful. Additionally, because
each measurement represents a single blood glucose value at a single point in time, it provides limited information regarding trends
in blood glucose levels over the course of the day, month, or year. 

In contrast, CGMs are generally less painful and
typically involve the insertion of a microneedle sensor into the body to measure glucose levels in the interstitial fluid throughout the
day and night, providing real-time data that shows trends in glucose measurements. As a result, CGMs improve glycemic control and quality
of life, particularly in individuals with type 1 diabetes treated with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion or multiple daily insulin
injection therapy and help support avoidance of hypoglycemia. 

However, most of today s CGMs are still invasive, inconvenient,
and expensive. Many require an implant that must be replaced after 10-14 days. This process can be uncomfortable, increases susceptibility
to infections, and is expensive to manage. As a result, the vast majority of PWDs do not use a CGM. Moreover, the broader health-conscious
population, including individuals with prediabetes, lacks the ability to easily monitor blood glucose levels, which can serve as a proxy
for metabolic health and risk for chronic diseases. Notwithstanding the above, demand for CGMs, in general, continues to increase, with
approximately three million worldwide users and industry sales estimated at more than 4.7 billion in 2021, according to published Wall
Street analyst estimates. 

3 

Hypertension 

Blood pressure is the pressure on the walls of
arteries caused by the heart pumping blood through the circulatory system. When the force against blood vessel walls becomes too high,
the heart works harder, which can cause damage to blood vessels, ultimately leading to a condition called hypertension, or high blood
pressure. 

According to the American Heart Association, high
blood pressure affects nearly one third of the adult population worldwide. Called the silent killer, many people are not
aware that they have high blood pressure until it is too late because there are typically no symptoms. However, hypertension can lead
to life-threatening conditions like heart attacks, strokes, kidney damage, amongst other problems. While there is no cure, using prescription
medications, making dietary changes, increasing activity levels and maintaining awareness of blood pressure can significantly reduce the
risks associated with hypertension. 

Because hypertension usually has no symptoms,
the only way to detect hypertension is through a blood pressure test. The test traditionally requires placement of a cuff with a pressure
gauge around the upper arm that is inflated to squeeze the blood vessels. When the cuff is fully inflated, no blood flow occurs through
the artery. As the cuff is deflated below the systolic pressure, the reducing pressure exerted on the artery allows blood to flow through
it and sets up a detectable vibration in the arterial wall. When the cuff pressure falls below the patient s diastolic pressure,
blood flows smoothly through the artery in the usual pulses, without any vibration being set up in the wall. 

In recent years, blood pressure monitoring devices
have become available for personal, in-home use, so people can gain an understanding of their blood pressure in between their regular
doctor visits. While there are medical device and consumer electronic companies selling blood pressure monitors today, they still have
limitations and tend to be cumbersome. Some provide blood pressure estimates, rather than exact readings. Often times, blood pressure
cuffs require a very specific fit based on arm size and can be very sensitive to placement on the arm, movement and body position. If
not used properly, errors in measuring blood pressure can occur. Most blood pressure cuffs are not continuous, which require the user
to remember to take readings at the same general time of day to avoid inconsistencies when looking at trends over time. Notwithstanding
the above, demand for blood pressure monitoring devices, in general, continues to increase, with industry sales estimated at approximately
 3.9 billion in 2022, according to Grand View Research. 

If we can develop a device that can successfully
integrate blood pressure measurements continuously and non-invasively, the device could potentially help individuals understand in real-time
how food intake, sleep, activity levels, stress and more can directly impact their blood pressure and their heart health. With the ability
to get actionable feedback, people should be able to be more engaged in making better decisions for their health. 

Solution 

As the healthcare market transitions from a practice
of treating the sick to a consumer-driven market focused on preventative care and longevity, consumers appetite for digital health
offerings is increasing and there is a significant and growing interest in digital health technology that allows users to address their
unique needs and life circumstances. We believe women are particularly impacted by the state of healthcare today and are looking for tools that give them greater control over their health
and confidence in their ability to self-manage and optimally prepare for potential health risks. To maximize their utility, we believe
these tools should be intelligent, affordable, and fit seamlessly into every woman s lifestyle. 

Consequently, we are creating intelligent, sleek
and comfortable solutions that sit at the intersection of the medical and consumer device market, providing medical-grade diagnostics
in addition to lifestyle fitness monitoring. Our first product in development is a smart ring called the Evie Ring. 

The Evie Ring combines health and wellness metrics
to give a full picture of one s health, which we expect will include resting heart rate, HRV, SpO 2 , respiration rate,
skin temperature variability, period and ovulation tracking, menstrual symptom tracking, activity profile, including steps, active minutes
and calories burned, sleep stages and duration, and mood tracking. This data is delivered through a mobile app which aims to simplify
how data is presented, moving away from complex graphs and charts, and turning biometric data into actionable insights that will help
women make manageable lifestyle changes and take a more proactive approach to mitigating the risks of chronic disease. 

 In future iterations of this product or another wearable device developed
by Movano Health, we plan to measure glucose, blood pressure and heart rate without a needle or cuff. We will do this directly from the
blood vessel by utilizing mmWave RF to probe the arteries to identify various RF properties, including RF connectivity, permittivity,
and reflectivity. As these properties change, we can measure the changes in glucose and blood pressure concentrations in the blood vessels.
Using our signal processing algorithms, we intend to separate the pulse pressure and glucose waveforms to jointly solve for blood pressure,
pulse, and glucose. With additional sensors and an accelerometer, we expect we will also be able to estimate SpO 2 measurements
and measure steps and calories. We intend to provide the user real-time data, including trending, through our proprietary cloud-based
network app, and enable data sharing with healthcare providers, caregivers, and family to optimize care and reinforce positive behaviors
and behavioral change. By providing knowledge about glucose levels, blood pressure, heart rate, HRV, sleep, respiration, temperature,
blood oxygen, steps and calories, we believe our end-to-end solution will be a valuable preventative care tool that will help users make
smarter health decisions, ultimately increasing a person s ability to self-manage chronic conditions and reducing the frequency
of doctor and hospital visits. 

4 

Image: A non-functional rendering of what Movano s
Health s Evie Ring currently in development may ultimately look like 

Proprietary Technology 

The Evie Ring uses a multitude of optical sensors
to estimate a variety of analytics, including SpO 2 and heart rate measurements, an accelerometer to measure steps and calories,
as well as a battery, a charging integrated circuit, flash to store data, and Bluetooth to communicate with our mobile application. 

In future products, we plan to incorporate our
patented RF technology that leverages ultra-wideband multi-antenna RF with advanced signal processing and interference cancellation, machine
learning and the cloud. Our RF technology is deeply rooted in military and telecom applications, and key members of our engineering team
worked with the pioneers of this technology. 

We intend to leverage the potential of this technology
to design miniature, dynamic integrated circuits ICs and proprietary algorithms that, if small and low-powered enough,
may be embeddable into a variety of devices including a wearable, standalone phone case, ring or skin patch. These devices could communicate
on a minute-by-minute basis, using Bluetooth Low Energy BLE to a smartphone or a mobile device. Our intention is to design
the system to be capable of connecting to Movano Health s cloud service, which is currently in development. Combined with our cloud
analytics, we expect the technology will allow medical professionals, family members, caregivers and individuals to understand trends
related to heart rate, HRV, glucose and blood pressure and make educated decisions about health, care and treatment based on that data.
The goal of our development efforts is to combine machine learning with different statistical signal processing algorithms, which we believe
will enable us to take advantage of multiple strains of continuous, real time Movano Health sensor data to generate advanced analytics
like predictive alerts, risk profiles, and more, which are personalized for each wearer. 

We believe that the main advantage of our technology
under development, as compared to certain existing technologies like cameras and infrared IR sensors, will be the ability
to achieve fine RF mapping in a cost-effective and small form factor. As it relates to CGM and blood pressure monitor applications, we
believe that our competitive edge will be that our technology solution can be deployed on a non-invasive and cuffless basis, packaged
in a wearable device, so wearers feel like people, not patients, and priced more affordably for users and payers compared to existing
devices. 

Our Planned Solution 

Our first planned product is currently in
the development stage, and we are testing the wearability and functionality of the device with employees and multiple beta partners,
including pharmaceutical and medical device companies, integrated health networks and universities. For testing, we are using a
device similar to the one that is depicted in the image above. 

We are also testing a wrist-worn wearable
prototype that contains our proprietary and patented SoC. In its current state, this prototype allows us to collect data, which we
are using to generate glucose, blood pressure and heart rate estimates. The accuracy of the technology will be refined as our
algorithms are improved and as we test larger cross sections of people in our external studies. We are currently preparing for
clinical trials using the SoC and our smallest wrist-worn prototype to date. 

5 

We have conducted preliminary tests thus far to
diversify the data we are collecting, enabling us to better optimize our system. Our preliminary blood pressure testing took place in
2020 over a three-month period during which we collected nearly a hundred hours of data on six internal subjects. Data collections with
our prototype were compared to a traditional blood pressure monitor before each test. Our preliminary glucose testing took place in 2020
over a four to five month time period during which we collected several hundreds of hours of data on three internal test subjects. Data
collections with our prototype were compared to fingerstick data every five minutes over the course of an hour. 

In June 2021, we received approval from an Institutional
Review Board IRB to conduct blood pressure studies on up to 200 participants in our laboratory. In our first study, we
used our non-invasive, iPhone-sized prototype device to collect pulse pressure waveform data from 45 external participants. This study
marked a significant milestone, confirming our ability to quickly, seamlessly, and efficiently enroll and test subjects and collect meaningful
data at the laboratory inside our corporate offices. 

In December 2021, we completed our third and largest
blood pressure clinical trial, which was conducted on 110 participants in our laboratory. During the study, participants wore our adjustable
full finger ring prototype and our wrist-worn wearable prototype along with a hospital-grade FDA-cleared vital signs monitor as the control.
Our devices collected pulse pressure waveform data, which will be compared to data from the control device in order to further our signal
processing and algorithms. 

In February 2022, we completed our second IRB-approved glucose pilot
study, which was conducted on ten participants with type 1 diabetes of varying gender, age, ethnicity and weight in conjunction with an
independent Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments CLIA certified clinical lab. During each four-hour session, participants
wore our wrist-worn wearable prototype and either a FDA cleared finger stick glucose tester, a subject s existing CGM device, and/or
a vital sign monitoring device. We expect the data collected in the study will ultimately allow us to further refine the algorithms we
use to calculate glucose values and vital sign measurements and will also help guide us as to what specific follow-on studies will be
done in support of future FDA clearances. 

In 2021, we completed the tapeout of our single-chip
solution with our fabrication partner, Global Foundries. The tapeout of the SoC is a major milestone for us as we were able to shrink
our proprietary multi-chip architecture into a singular integrated circuit. With one compact sensor, we have the flexibility to design
innovative, small form factors that will be key to developing competitive commercial products in the future. In 2022, we successfully
validated the SoC and are currently integrating the SoC into a new prototype system, which will be closer in size and shape to our final
product, and enable the Company to conduct longer, more complex blood pressure and glucose studies, which are being planned for 2023. 

To date, we have completed two clinical trials
with the Evie Ring. Following a successful pilot hypoxia study in July 2022, which compared the accuracy of our heart rate and SpO 2 
data to reference devices, we completed a pivotal hypoxia study in October 2022 with the Evie Ring. During the pilot and pivotal studies,
our solution achieved a margin of error well below the FDA s 3.5 requirement for SpO 2 , and the ring also estimated heart
rate with accuracy commensurate with the FDA s standards. Based on the positive results of these studies, we plan to file for FDA
clearance on these metrics by mid-2023. If clearance is received, the Evie Ring would be deemed a medical device. This unique competitive
advantage is not only a key pillar in building brand trust and loyalty but will also redefine the expectations of wearable devices. 

Having our product cleared as a medical device would also open a host
of incremental opportunities for us beyond what you see in the market today. Currently, many wearable devices sell-in to companies for
employee benefits or partner with payors. As an FDA-cleared medical device, the Evie Ring may be used with pharmaceutical companies for
post-market surveillance or with medical device companies looking to determine the efficacy of their offering. 

We expect the direct-to-consumer launch of the
Evie Ring to take place in the summer of 2023 prior to any FDA decision regarding medical device clearance. We have hired a world class
go-to-market leadership team and have been working with leading app development partners to build on the foundational elements already
in place to create a unique and valuable user experience. Further, we have engaged leading marketing, branding, website development and
consumer research partners, to ensure the brand is engaging and relevant to the target audience. 

 To prepare for the consumer launch of the Evie
Ring, we are conducting initial beta test programs to evaluate the fit and functionality of the ring with four strategic partners, including
Stanford University s Applied Sports Science Department, Novant Health, a not-for-profit integrated system of medical centers with
more than 1,800 physicians providing care through six million annual patient visits at nearly 800 locations across North Carolina, South
Carolina and Georgia, a major global pharmaceutical company and a leading patient-focused medical device company. 

We are also preparing for a second beta program
to evaluate the end to end Evie Ring experience with a new slate of partners, among which are a global athletic apparel company and two
additional leading global medical device companies. The beta programs are expected to continue through mid-2023. 

6 

Our current primary goals are to successfully
conduct beta programs and optimize the ring based on feedback from the programs in order to prepare for the commercialization of our first
product. We also plan to begin testing of our single chip solution in more extensive clinical trials and are working with an original
equipment manufacturer OEM to prepare for product manufacturing of the Evie Ring. 

We have not launched a first commercial product and do not have a history
of revenue or earnings or of product development or manufacturing. As described further below under Regulation and Strategy ,
before we can commercialize our planned solution, we will need to determine our commercialization strategy. 

Intellectual Property 

We are committed to developing and protecting
our intellectual property and, where appropriate, filing patent applications to protect our technology. We rely on a combination of patent,
copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and other agreements with employees and third parties to establish and protect our proprietary
intellectual property rights. We require our officers, employees and consultants to enter into standard agreements containing provisions
requiring confidentiality of proprietary information and assignment to us of all inventions made during the course of their employment
or consulting relationship. We also enter into nondisclosure agreements with our commercial counterparties and limit access to, and distribution
of, our proprietary information. 

As of December 31, 2022, we own, jointly own,
or have exclusive rights to 16 issued and in-force patents (that cover one or more of our products or product candidates for method, system
and device development) that expire at various times between November 12, 2039 and December 18, 2039. Furthermore, as of December 31,
2022, we own, jointly own, or have exclusive rights to 38 pending U.S. patent applications, 4 pending foreign patent applications, and
one pending Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT International patent application. 

While we have not registered any of the copyrights
in our software code, our software code, once written, would be protected by applicable U.S. copyright law. 

Regulation 

FDA Regulation 

While the first iteration of the Evie Ring is expected to be a general
wellness device and therefore not require FDA premarket clearance, over time we plan to execute accuracy studies to gain FDA clearances
on its vital signs monitoring capabilities including heart rate, SpO 2 and respiration rate. In addition, we are currently conducting
clinical trials with our proprietary and noninvasive RF-enabled technology and developing algorithms to enable us to add non-invasive
CGM and cuffless blood pressure monitoring to our technology platform. Our end goal is to bring a Class II FDA-cleared device to the market,
which may include additional form factors, and that includes CGM and cuffless blood pressure monitoring capabilities. 

Before and after approval or clearance in the U.S., these subsequent
iterations of our planned solution will be subject to extensive regulation by FDA under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the FD C
Act and/or the Public Health Service Act, as well as by other regulatory bodies. FDA regulations govern, among other things, the
development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, safety, storage, record-keeping, market clearance or approval, advertising and promotion,
import and export, marketing and sales, and distribution of medical devices and pharmaceutical products. There may be certain commercial
applications for our technology that require less regulatory scrutiny than described below. 

FDA Approval or Clearance of Medical Devices 

In the U.S., medical devices are subject to varying
degrees of regulatory control and are classified in one of three classes depending on the extent of controls FDA determines are necessary
to reasonably ensure their safety and efficacy: 

Class
I: general controls, such as labeling, establishment registration, device listing, and, for some devices, adherence to quality system
regulations; 

7 

Class
II: the general controls plus certain special controls, FDA clearance via a premarket notification, or 510(k) submission, specific controls
such as performance standards, patient registries and post-market surveillance and additional controls such as labeling and adherence
to quality system regulations; and 

Class
III: general and special controls and approval of a premarket approval PMA application. 

Our end goal for our planned solution in development
is to bring to market a product that will be classified as a Class II medical device and thus require FDA clearance prior to marketing
by means of a 510(k) clearance rather than a PMA application. 

To request marketing authorization by means of a 510(k) clearance,
we must submit a notification demonstrating that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to another legally marketed medical device,
a predicate device, has the same intended use, and is as safe and effective as the predicate device and does not raise different
questions of safety and effectiveness than a legally marketed device. 510(k) submissions generally include, among other things, a description
of the device and its manufacturing, device labeling, medical devices to which the device is substantially equivalent, safety and biocompatibility
information and the results of performance testing. In this case, the 510(k) submission will likely also include data from human clinical
studies demonstrating performance and other parameters. Marketing may commence only when FDA issues a clearance letter finding substantial
equivalence. The typical duration to receive a 510(k) clearance is approximately six to twelve months from the date of the initial 510(k)
submission, although there is no guarantee that the timing will not be longer. 

In some instances, the 510(k) pathway for product
marketing may be used with only proof of substantial equivalence in technology for a given indication with a predicate device. In other
instances, FDA may require additional clinical work to prove efficacy in addition to technological equivalence and basic safety. Whether
clinical data is provided or not, FDA may decide to reject the substantial equivalence argument we present. If that happens, the device
is automatically designated as a Class III device. The device sponsor must then fulfill more rigorous PMA requirements or can request
a risk-based classification determination for the device in accordance with the de novo process, which may determine that
the new device is of low to moderate risk and that it can be appropriately regulated as a Class I or II device. If a de novo request is
granted, the device may be legally marketed, and a new classification is established. If the device is classified as Class II, the device
may serve as a predicate for future 510(k) submissions. If the device is not reclassified through de novo review, then it must go through
the standard PMA process for Class III devices. 

After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any product modification
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the product, or that would constitute a significant change in intended
use, requires a new 510(k) clearance or, if the device would no longer be substantially equivalent, a PMA. 

A PMA application must provide a demonstration of safety and effectiveness,
which generally requires extensive pre-clinical and clinical trial data. Information about the device and its components, device design,
manufacturing, and labeling, among other information, must also be included in the PMA. As part of the PMA review, FDA will inspect the
manufacturer s facilities for compliance with quality system regulation requirements, which govern testing, control, documentation,
and other aspects of quality assurance with respect to manufacturing, testing, and storage of medical devices. If FDA determines the application
or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, FDA may outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing
or information. Notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional information, FDA ultimately may decide that the application
does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. During the review period, an FDA advisory committee, typically a panel of clinicians
and statisticians, may be convened to review the application and recommend to FDA whether, or upon what conditions, the device should
be approved. FDA is not bound by the advisory panel decision. While FDA often follows the panel s recommendation, there have been
instances in which FDA has not. FDA must find the information to be satisfactory to approve the PMA. The PMA approval can include post-approval
conditions, including, among other things, restrictions on labeling, promotion, sale and distribution, or requirements to do additional
clinical studies after approval. Even after approval of a PMA, a new PMA or PMA supplement is required to authorize certain modifications
to the device, its labeling, or its manufacturing process. Supplements to a PMA often require the submission of the same type of information
required for an original PMA, except that the supplement is generally limited to that information needed to support the proposed change
from the product covered by the original PMA. The typical duration to receive PMA approval is approximately two years from the date of
submission of the initial PMA application, although there is no guarantee that the timing will not be longer. 

8 

Clinical Trials of Medical Devices 

One or more clinical trials are generally required to support a PMA
application and are sometimes necessary to support a 510(k) submission. Clinical studies of unapproved or uncleared medical devices or
devices being studied for uses for which they are not approved or cleared (investigational devices) must be conducted in compliance with
FDA requirements. If an investigational device could pose a significant risk to patients, the sponsor company must submit an investigational
device exemption application to FDA prior to initiation of the clinical study. If an institutional review board determines that a device
study does not present a significant risk, an investigational device exemption submission to FDA is not required. An investigational device
exemption application must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory test results, showing that it is safe to test
the device on humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. Except for studies involving certain banned devices, the investigational
device exemption will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by FDA unless FDA notifies the company that the investigation
may not begin. Clinical studies of investigational devices may not begin until an institutional review board has approved the study. 

During the study, the sponsor must comply with
FDA s investigational device exemption requirements. These requirements include investigator selection, trial monitoring, adverse
event reporting, and record keeping. The investigators must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational plan
and study protocol, control the disposition of investigational devices, and comply with reporting and record keeping requirements. The
sponsor, FDA, or the institutional review board at each institution at which a clinical trial is being conducted may suspend a clinical
trial at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable risk. During the approval
or clearance process, FDA typically inspects the records relating to the conduct of one or more investigational sites participating in
the study supporting the application. 

Post-Approval Regulation of Medical Devices 

After a device is cleared or approved for marketing,
numerous and pervasive regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include: 

FDA
quality systems regulation, which governs, among other things, how manufacturers design, test, manufacture, exercise quality control
over, and document manufacturing of their products; 

labeling
and claims regulations, which prohibit the promotion of products for unapproved or off-label uses and impose other restrictions
on labeling; and 

the
Medical Device Reporting regulation, which requires reporting to FDA of certain adverse experiences associated with use of the product. 

Good Manufacturing Practices Requirements 

Manufacturers of most medical devices are required to comply with the
good manufacturing practices set forth in the quality system regulation promulgated under Section 520 of the FD C Act. Current good
manufacturing practices regulations require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance
of records and documentation. The manufacturing facility for an approved product must be registered with FDA and meet current good manufacturing
practices requirements to the satisfaction of FDA pursuant to a pre-PMA approval inspection before the facility can be used. Manufacturers,
including third party contract manufacturers, are also subject to periodic inspections by FDA and other authorities to assess compliance
with applicable regulations. Failure to comply with statutory and regulatory requirements subjects a manufacturer to possible legal or
regulatory action, including the seizure or recall of products, injunctions, consent decrees placing significant restrictions on or suspending
manufacturing operations, and civil and criminal penalties. Adverse experiences with the product must be reported to FDA and could result
in the imposition of marketing restrictions through labeling changes or in product withdrawal. Product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance
with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems concerning safety or efficacy of the product occur following the approval. 

9 

Federal Communication Commission FCC Regulations 

Our RF-based technology involves the transmission
of RF energy, and as such, will be subject to regulation by the FCC, including the FCC s equipment authorization regulations and
its regulations governing human exposure to RF energy. In particular, we expect the planned solution to be regulated under Part 18 of
the FCC s rules governing industrial, scientific, and medical (ISM) equipment, and to be classified as consumer ISM equipment under
that rule part. Based on the expected frequency and power of operation, we expect that the product will comply with the Part 18 technical
specifications for these type of devices, which we will be required to verify under FCC equipment authorization procedures. We also expect,
based on the device s frequency and power of operation, that the product will comply with the FCC s requirements governing
human exposure to RF energy. 

Environmental . 

The cost of compliance with federal, state,
and local provisions related to the protection of the environment has had no material effect on our business. There were no material
capital expenditures for environmental control facilities in the year ended December 31, 2022, and there are no material expenditures
planned for such purposes for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Strategy 

We are a newly public emerging growth company
without a history of operations or revenue, and therefore intend to explore alternative business strategies, including: 

selling
directly to consumers and enterprise customers through retail channels and through our website or other distribution channels; 

partnering
with OEMs, and value-added resellers VARs and 

partnering
with industry partners to incorporate our technology into new and existing devices. 

Selling our products directly to consumers would
not depend on locating a suitable OEM or VAR but would require us to complete the development and manufacture of our planned solution
and commercialize the product on our own without the assistance a suitable OEM or VAR could provide. We may use distributors to help distribute
our product to consumers, and the costs of working with such distributors, including without limitation the compensation to such distributors
and the administrative and other costs of working with such distributors, would reduce our profit margin. 

We expect that partnering with OEMs and VARs may
accelerate product acceptance into our target market and allow us to take advantage of the sales and marketing and distribution infrastructure
of those OEMs or VARs. In particular, we believe that a maker of ICs or a manufacturer of wearables would be an ideal strategic partner
for the Company. 

One of the challenges of IC development is ensuring the ability to
source quality ICs with enough volume and competitive pricing. In order to strengthen our supply chain and prepare for the future, we
formed a strategic partnership with a leading specialty foundry, for manufacturing and supplying our ICs. 

Competition 

The technology industry, generally, and the general
wellness, continuous glucose and blood pressure monitoring markets, in particular, are intensely competitive, subject to rapid change
and significantly affected by new product introductions and other market activities by industry participants. To compete successfully,
we will need to demonstrate the advantages of our products and technologies over well-established alternative solutions, products, and
technologies, as well as newer ones, and convince consumers and enterprises of the advantages of our products and technologies. 

With respect to a potential solution that is targeted
at the general wellness market, we would face direct and indirect competition from a number of competitors who have developed and commercialized
similar products. These competitors include Apple, Samsung, Garmin, Fitbit, WHOOP and Oura Health. Many of such potential competitors
enjoy significantly greater name recognition and have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development,
manufacturing, and sales and marketing than we have. 

With respect to our planned CGM solution, we will
face direct and indirect competition from a number of competitors who have developed or are developing products for continuous monitoring
of glucose levels. These competitors include DexCom, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Medtronic plc, Roche Diagnostics, LifeScan, Inc., Ascensia
Diabetes Care Holdings AG, Senseonics Holdings, Inc., Integrity Applications, Inc., Nemaura Medical, Biolinq Inc., and Profusa, Inc. Our
planned solution will also compete with traditional glucometers, which remain an inexpensive alternative. Many of the companies we will
compete with enjoy significantly greater name recognition and have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research
and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and sales and marketing
of approved products than we have. 

10 

We will also face direct and indirect competition
from a number of competitors who have developed or are developing products that monitor blood pressure. These competitors include OMRON
Corporation, Welch Allyn, A D Medical, American Diagnostic Corporation, GE Healthcare, Masimo Corporation, Philips, SunTech Medical
Inc., Aktiia, Biobeat and Blumio. Many of the companies we will compete with enjoy significantly greater name recognition and have significantly
greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials,
obtaining regulatory approvals, and sales and marketing of approved products than we have. 

Mergers and acquisitions in the medical device,
biotechnology and diagnostic industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors.
Other small or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with
large and established companies. There are also several academic and other institutions involved in various phases of technology development
regarding blood glucose monitoring devices. 

We believe the ability to deploy our technology
on a non-invasive basis, packaged in a wearable that is painless, cuffless, simple, smart and competitively priced, will provide us with
a competitive advantage. We cannot however assure you that we will be able to compete successfully. 

Employees and Human Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 34 employees,
all of whom are employed on a full-time basis. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and we believe
our relationship with our employees is good. 

Our human capital resources objectives
include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and
consultants. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of
stock-based compensation awards, to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform
to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 

Available Information 

We were incorporated in the State of Delaware
on January 2018 under the name Maestro Sensors Inc. On August 3, 2018, we changed our name to Movano Inc. Our principal executive offices
are located at 6800 Koll Center Pkwy., Pleasanton, CA 94566, and our telephone number is (415) 651-3172. Our Internet website address
is www.movanohealth.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, including
exhibits, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 are available free of charge through the investor relations page of our Internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after
we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Our
Internet website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

11 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risk Factors summary 

The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely
affect our business, operations, and financial results. 

Risks Related to our Business 

We
are a development-stage technology company with no history of generating revenue, have a history of operating
losses, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

We
may be unable to continue as a going concern if we do not successfully raise additional capital on favorable terms, or at all, or if
we fail to generate sufficient revenue from operation. 

Our
efforts may never demonstrate the feasibility of any product. 

We
face competition from other technology companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 

The
outbreak of COVID-19 has and could continue to adversely impact our business. 

If we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified
personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 

We are subject to risks associated with our utilization of consultants. 

We will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

We may acquire businesses or products, or form strategic alliances, in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such acquisitions. 

Our business is affected by macroeconomic conditions. 

The ongoing military action by Russia in Ukraine
 could have negative impact on the global economy, which could materially adversely affect our business, operations, operating results and
 financial condition. 

Our business and operations are subject to risks related to climate change. 

Our business could be negatively impacted by corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters. 

Risks Related to Product Development, Manufacturing
and Commercialization 

We
are highly dependent on the success of our proposed solution and cannot give any assurance that it will receive regulatory approval or
clearance or be successfully commercialized. 

We
will depend on third parties to design, manufacture, market and distribute our products. If any third party fails to successfully design,
manufacture, market or distribute any of our products, our business will be materially harmed. 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of information technology system failures, including cyber-attacks. 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property and
Other Legal Matters 

It
is difficult and costly to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies, and we may not be able to ensure their
protection. 

If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, the value of our technology and products could
be adversely affected. 

We
may in the future be a party to intellectual property litigation or administrative proceedings that could be costly and could interfere
with our ability to develop our products. 

We
may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information
of their former employers or other third parties or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 

We
could become subject to product liability claims, product recalls and warranty claims that could be expensive, divert management s
attention and harm our business. 

12 

Risks Related to Regulation 

We
expect to need FDA clearance or approval for our planned solution, which may be difficult to achieve, and existing laws or regulations
or future legislative or regulatory changes may affect our business. 

If
any OEMs contracted to manufacture our proposed solution fail to comply with FDA s Quality System Regulations or other regulatory
bodies equivalent regulations, manufacturing operations could be delayed or shut down and the development of our proposed solution
could suffer. 

We
expect our planned solution to be subject to certain Federal Communication Commission FCC regulations. 

Our
planned solution may in the future be subject to product recalls that could harm our reputation. 

Healthcare
reform measures could hinder or prevent our planned solution s commercial success. 

If
we fail to comply with healthcare regulations with respect to our planned solution, we could face substantial penalties and our business,
operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Owning Our Securities and
Our Financial Results 

Our
quarterly and annual results may fluctuate significantly, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business and may result
in decreases in the price of our securities. 

Our
disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 

The
issuance of additional stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, our equity incentive plan, upon exercise of outstanding warrants
or otherwise will dilute our existing stockholders. 

Our
stock price has fluctuated widely and is likely to continue to be volatile. 

Our
failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a de-listing of our common stock. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation will designate specific courts as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our
stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 

We
have not paid dividends in the past and have no immediate plans to pay dividends. 

Concentration
of ownership among our existing executive officers, directors and significant stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing
significant corporate decisions. 

We
are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are incurring significant increased costs as a result of becoming a public company that reports to the SEC and our management is required
to devote substantial time to meet compliance obligations. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse opinion about our business,
the price of our common stock and trading volume could decline. 

Our
charter documents and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover that stockholders consider favorable. 

13 

We operate in a rapidly changing environment that
involves a number of risks that could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results, some of which are beyond
our control. This discussion highlights some of the risks that may affect future operating results. These are the risks and uncertainties
we believe are most important for you to consider. We cannot be certain that we will successfully address these risks. If we are unable
to address these risks, our business may not grow, our stock price may suffer, and we may be unable to stay in business. Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us, which we currently deem immaterial or which are similar to those faced by other companies
in our industry or business in general, may also impair our business operations. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We are a development-stage technology company with no history of generating revenue, have a history of operating losses, and we may never achieve
or maintain profitability. 

We are a technology company that was formed in
January 2018. We have a limited operating history, have no commercial products and have engaged in only research and development activities
relating to our development of the Evie Ring and the SoC. The likelihood of success of our business plan must be considered in light of
the challenges, substantial expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with developing and
expanding early-stage businesses and the regulatory and competitive environment in which we operate. Technology product development is
a highly speculative undertaking, involves a substantial degree of risk and is a capital-intensive business. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of approximately 95.1 million. Without additional capital our existing cash and cash equivalents will be insufficient to
fully fund our business plan. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and these losses will likely increase
as we prepare for and begin to commercialize our first product. Our ability to achieve revenue-generating operations and, ultimately,
achieve profitability will depend on whether we can obtain additional capital when we need it, complete the development of our technology,
receive regulatory approval of our technology, potentially find strategic collaborators that can incorporate our technology into applications
which can be successfully commercialized and achieve market acceptance. There can be no assurance that we will ever generate revenues
or achieve profitability. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. 

We may be unable to continue
as a going concern if we do not successfully raise additional capital on favorable terms, or at all, or if we fail to generate sufficient
revenue from operations. 

Primarily as a result of our lack of revenue,
history of losses to date and our lack of liquidity, there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. As of
December 31, 2022, we had total assets of approximately 13.2 million and total liabilities of approximately 5.3 million. We believe
that our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 with the addition of the 6.85 million raised in our February 2023 public offering
will not be sufficient to fund our projected operating requirements for the twelve-month period following the issuance of our consolidated
financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, such cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments
are not expected to be sufficient to enable us to complete the development and commercialization of our proposed solution. We expect to
continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for at least the next several years. Our forecast of the period
through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement and involves risks and
uncertainties, and actual results could vary as a result of a number of factors, including the factors discussed elsewhere in this Risk
Factors section. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital
resources sooner than we currently expect. 

We do not have any prospective arrangements or
credit facilities as a source of future funds, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient additional capital
on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or if we are unable to generate sufficient revenue from
our operations, we may not stay in business. We may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings,
debt financings and strategic collaborations. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities,
the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders could be significantly diluted and these newly-issued securities may have rights,
preferences or privileges senior to those of holders of the common stock offered hereby. Debt financing, if obtained, may involve agreements
that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, which could increase
our expenses and require that our assets secure such debt. Moreover, any debt we incur must be repaid regardless of our operating results.
However, we do not own any significant assets that we expect could serve as acceptable collateral for a bank or other commercial lender.
The above circumstances may discourage some investors from purchasing our stock, lending us money or from providing alternative forms
of financing. In addition, the current economic instability in the world s equity and credit markets may materially adversely affect
our ability to sell additional securities and/or borrow cash. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional working
capital on acceptable terms or at all. 

14 

If we are unable to raise additional capital when
needed, we may be required to curtail the development of our technology or materially curtail or reduce our operations. We could be forced
to sell or dispose of our rights or assets. Any inability to raise adequate funds on commercially reasonable terms would have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition, including the possibility that a lack of funds could cause
our business to fail and liquidate with little or no return to investors. 

Even if we take these actions, they may be insufficient,
particularly if our costs are higher than projected or unforeseen expenses arise. Additionally, if we raise additional funds through collaborations,
strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights
to our technologies, future revenue streams or products or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we choose to
expand more rapidly than we presently anticipate, we may also need to raise additional capital sooner than expected. 

Our efforts may never demonstrate
the feasibility of any product. 

We have developed a working prototype of our proposed
solution that is capable of generating data we believe will be able to be used to measure various health vital signs and measurements,
including heart rate, HRV, sleep, respiration, temperature, blood oxygen, steps, calories, blood glucose and blood pressure levels, but
significant additional research and development activity will be required before we achieve a commercial product. We have conducted limited
studies to compare the data our prototype device generates to measurements from conventional blood glucose and blood pressure measuring
tools, and we are using the data generated in those studies to refine our product design and to develop the algorithms our product in
development will utilize. However, we have not yet conducted any studies that demonstrate that our planned product is able to measure
blood glucose or blood pressure levels at any particular accuracy level and we may never be able to complete any clinical studies that
demonstrate accuracy levels that would be necessary for a commercial product. Our research and development efforts remain subject to all
of the risks associated with the development of new products based on emerging technologies, including unanticipated technical or other
problems and the possible insufficiency of funds needed in order to complete development of these products and enable us to execute our
business plan. Any such problems may result in delays and cause us to incur additional expenses that would increase our losses. If we
cannot complete, or if we experience significant delays in, developing our technology and products and services based on such technology
for use in potential commercial applications, particularly after incurring significant expenditures, our business may fail. To our knowledge,
the technological concepts we are applying to develop commercial applications have not previously been successfully applied by anyone
else. 

Accordingly, you should consider our prospects
in light of the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in the early stages of development,
especially technology companies such as ours. Potential investors should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties that a company
with a limited operating history typically faces. In particular, potential investors should consider that we cannot assure you that we
will be able to: 

successfully
implement or execute our current business plan, or that our business plan is sound; 

successfully
develop the technology necessary to develop our planned solution having the functionality and characteristics we discuss herein; 

successfully
develop a practical, efficient or economical commercial version of one or more products; 

obtain
any additional issued patents; 

successfully
develop proprietary technology and trade secrets and secure market exclusivity and/or adequate intellectual property protection for our
products by way of patent protection or otherwise; 

successfully
protect any such proprietary technology and trade secrets from competitors and third parties claiming infringement or misappropriation; 

attract
and retain an experienced management and advisory team; and 

raise
sufficient funds in the capital markets to effectuate our business plan, including for the development and commercialization of our products. 

If we cannot successfully execute any one of the
foregoing, our business may not succeed and your investment will be adversely affected. 

15 

We face competition from other
technology companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 

The technology industry, generally, and the general
wellness, continuous glucose and blood pressure monitoring markets, in particular, are intensely competitive, subject to rapid change,
and significantly affected by new product introductions and other market activities by industry participants. To compete successfully,
we will need to demonstrate the advantages of our products and technologies over well-established alternative solutions, products and
technologies, as well as newer ones, and convince consumers and enterprises of the advantages of our products and technologies. With respect
to our planned solutions, we will face direct and indirect competition from a number of competitors who have developed or are developing
products for general wellness and continuous or periodic monitoring of glucose and blood pressure levels, and we anticipate that other
companies will develop additional competitive products in the future. Traditional glucometers and blood pressure monitors remain an inexpensive
alternative to our proposed solution. We have existing competitors and potential new competitors, many of which have or will have substantially
greater name recognition, financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting
clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and sales and marketing of approved products than we have. Mergers and acquisitions in
the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number
of our competitors. Established competitors may invest heavily to quickly discover and develop novel technologies that could make obsolete
or uneconomical the technology or the products that we plan to develop. Other small or early stage companies may also prove to be significant
competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. Any new product that we develop that
competes with a competitor s existing or future product may need to demonstrate compelling advantages in cost, convenience, quality,
and safety to be commercially successful. In addition, new products developed by others could emerge as competitors to our proposed product
development candidates. If our technology under development or our future products are not competitive based on these or other factors,
our business would be harmed, and our financial condition and operations will suffer. 

The outbreak of COVID-19 has and could continue to adversely impact our business. 

The COVID-19 pandemic, together with related
precautionary measures, has materially disrupted our business since February 2020 and may continue to disrupt our business for an
unknown period of time. COVID-19 has significantly impacted, and may continue to significantly impact, our work force, supply chain
and operating results. The level and nature of the disruption caused by COVID-19, or any future pandemic is unpredictable, may be
cyclical and long-lasting, may vary from location to location and may have a material adverse impact on our operations and
financial condition and results. 

If we are not successful in attracting
and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 

Our ability to implement our business plan depends
in large part upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial and engineering personnel. We will need to hire additional
personnel as we further develop our products. Competition for skilled personnel in our market is intense and competition for experienced
engineers may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms. Despite our efforts to retain valuable
employees, members of our management and engineering teams may terminate their employment with us on short notice. The loss of the services
of any of our executive officers or other key employees could potentially harm our business, operating results or financial condition.
Currently, we do not maintain key man insurance policies with respect to any of our executive officers or employees. 

Our success also depends on our ability to continue
to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior engineering
personnel. Other technology companies with which we compete for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different
risk profiles and longer histories than we have. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement.
Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high-quality candidates than what we have to offer. If we are unable to continue
to attract and retain high-quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can develop and commercialize products would be limited. 

We are subject to risks associated
with our utilization of consultants. 

To improve productivity and accelerate our development
efforts while we build out our own engineering team, we use experienced consultants to assist in selected business functions, including
the development of our integrated circuits. We take steps to monitor and regulate the performance of these independent third parties.
However, arrangements with third party service providers may make our operations vulnerable if these consultants fail to satisfy their
obligations to us as a result of their performance, changes in their own operations, financial condition or other matters outside of our
control. Effective management of our consultants is important to our business and strategy. The failure of our consultants to perform
as anticipated could result in substantial costs, divert management s attention from other strategic activities or create other
operational or financial problems for us. Terminating or transitioning arrangements with key consultants could result in additional costs
and a risk of operational delays, potential errors and possible control issues as a result of the termination or during the transition. 

16 

We will need to grow the size
of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

As we expand our activities, there will be additional
demands on our financial, technical, operational and management resources. To manage our anticipated future growth, we must continue to
implement and improve our financial, technical, operational and management systems and continue to recruit and train additional qualified
personnel. Due to our limited financial resources and operating history, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our
operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel. The expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may
divert our management and business development resources. Any inability to manage growth could delay the execution of our business plans
or disrupt our operations. 

We may acquire businesses or
products, or form strategic alliances, in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such acquisitions. 

We may acquire additional businesses or products,
form strategic alliances or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing business.
If we acquire businesses with promising markets or technologies, we may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring such businesses
if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture. We may encounter numerous difficulties
in developing, manufacturing and marketing any new products resulting from a strategic alliance or acquisition that delay or prevent us
from realizing their expected benefits or enhancing our business. We cannot assure you that, following any such acquisition, we will achieve
the expected synergies to justify the transaction. 

Our business is
affected by macroeconomic conditions. 

Various macroeconomic factors could adversely affect our business and
the results of our operations and financial condition, including changes in inflation, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates
and overall economic conditions and uncertainties, including those resulting from the current and future conditions in the global financial
markets. Cost inflation, including increases in raw material prices, labor rates, and transportation costs may impact our profitability.
Global financial markets and the banking sector can experience extreme volatility, disruption and credit contraction, which adversely
affect global economic conditions. The volatility of the capital markets could also affect the value of our investments and our ability
to liquidate our investments in order to fund our operations. 

Increasing interest rates, reduced access to capital markets and bank
failures could also adversely affect the ability of our suppliers, OEMs, VARs, distributors, licensors, collaborators and other strategic
partners to remain effective business partners or to remain in business. The loss of a strategic partner, or a failure to perform by a
strategic partner, could have a disruptive effect on our business and could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The ongoing military action
by Russia in Ukraine could have negative impact on the global economy which could materially adversely affect our business, operations,
operating results and financial condition. 

On February 24, 2022, Russian forces launched
significant military action against Ukraine, and sustained conflict and disruption in the region is possible. The impact to Ukraine as
well as actions taken by other countries, including new and stricter sanctions imposed by Canada, the United Kingdom, the European Union,
the United States and other countries and companies and organizations against officials, individuals, regions, and industries in Russia
and Ukraine, and actions taken by Russia in response to such sanctions, and each country s potential response to such sanctions,
tensions, and military actions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and thus could affect our business, operations,
operating results and financial condition as well as the price of our common stock and our ability to raise additional capital when needed
on acceptable terms. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions, including supply chain
disruptions, are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. Any such disruptions caused by Russian military action or resulting
sanctions may magnify the impact of other risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our business and
operations are subject to risks related to climate change. 

The effects of global climate change present
risks to our business. Natural disasters, extreme weather and other conditions caused by or related to climate change could adversely
impact our supply chain, the availability and cost of raw materials and components, energy supply, transportation, or other inputs necessary
for the operation of our business. Climate change and natural disasters could also result in physical damage to our facilities as well
as those of our suppliers, and strategic partners, which could cause disruption in our business and operations. Our facilities and our
equipment would be costly to replace and could require substantial lead time to repair or replace. Although we believe we possess adequate
insurance for the disruption of our business related to climate change, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential
losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Our business could
be negatively impacted by corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters. 

There has been an increased focus from investors,
customers, employees and other stakeholders concerning corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters, which may result in
increases in our costs to operate our business or restrict certain aspects of our activities. The standards by which corporate social
responsibility and sustainability efforts and related matters are measured are developing and evolving, and certain areas are subject
to assumptions that could change over time. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals or perceived
as not acting responsibly in connection with these matters. Any such matters could have a material adverse impact on our future results
of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

17 

Risks Related to Product Development, Manufacturing
and Commercialization 

We are highly dependent on the
success of our proposed solution and cannot give any assurance that it will receive regulatory approval or clearance or be successfully
commercialized. 

We are highly dependent on the success of our
initial solution under development. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in the development of this or any other future product.
While we may commercialize our first iteration of the Evie Ring without FDA clearance, subsequent iterations of our proposed solution
will require substantial additional clinical development, extensive preclinical testing and clinical trials in order to receive regulatory
clearance or approval. We cannot give any assurance that our proposed solution will receive regulatory clearance or approval or be successfully
commercialized. Any failure to obtain regulatory clearance or approval of or to successfully commercialize the proposed solution would
have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We will depend on third parties
to design, manufacture, market and distribute our products. If any third party fails to successfully design, manufacture, market or distribute
any of our products, our business will be materially harmed. 

We expect to depend on strategic partners such
as third-party OEMs, VARs and other distributors to complete the design, manufacture, market and distribute our product under development
or other future products. If these strategic partners fail to successfully complete the design, manufacture, market or distribute our
product under development or other future products, our business will be materially harmed. 

The products that we intend to develop are complex
and will require the integration of a number of components that are themselves complex. In light of this complexity, we expect that we
may determine not to complete the design of or manufacture these products ourselves and instead develop relationships with suitable third-party
OEMs to complete these tasks. Similarly, we do not anticipate building a sales or marketing function and instead expect that our products
under development will be marketed and sold through strategic partners such as OEMs, VARs or other distributors. We do not currently have
a relationship with any OEM, VAR or other distributor, and may never be able to find any OEMs, VARs or other distributors that are willing
to work with us on acceptable terms, or at all. We will have limited control over the efforts and resources that any third-party OEMs,
VARs and other distributors would devote to designing, manufacturing, marketing or distributing our products under development. An OEM
may not be able to successfully design and manufacture our products and such failure by an OEM could substantially harm the value of our
business. Similarly, the OEMs, VARS or other distributors we engage with to market and sell our product under development may not be successful
at marketing and selling such product. If we cannot find suitable strategic partners or our strategic partners do not perform as expected,
our potential for revenue may be dramatically reduced and our business could be harmed. 

Our business and operations
would suffer in the event of information technology system failures, including cyber-attacks. 

Our information technology computer systems, as
well as those of our contractors and consultants, are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters
(including earthquakes), terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions
in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect
and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, personal data and personally identifiable
information of our clinical trial subjects and employees, on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this
information is critical to our operations. High-profile security breaches at other companies and in government agencies have increased
in recent years, and security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of hackers and cyber-attacks targeting
businesses such as ours. Cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and in some cases have caused significant harm. Computer
hackers and others routinely attempt to breach the security of technology products, services and systems, and to fraudulently induce employees,
customers, or others to disclose information or unwittingly provide access to systems or data. While we devote significant resources to
security measures to protect our systems and data, these measures cannot provide absolute security, and our information technology and
infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or internal bad actors, or breached due to employee error, a technical vulnerability,
malfeasance or other disruptions. Although, to our knowledge, we have not experienced any such material security breach to date, any such
breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such
access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy
of personal information and significant regulatory penalties, and such an event could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation and
cause a loss of confidence in us and our ability to conduct clinical trials, which could adversely affect our reputation and delay our
development of our products. 

18 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property and
Other Legal Matters 

It is difficult and costly to
protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 

Our success depends significantly on our ability
to obtain, maintain and protect our proprietary rights to the technologies used in our products. Patents and other proprietary rights
provide uncertain protections, and we may be unable to protect our intellectual property. As of December 31, 2022, we own, jointly own,
or have exclusive rights to 16 issued and in-force patents (that cover one or more of our products or product candidates for method, system
and device development). Furthermore, as of December 31, 2022, we own, jointly own, or have exclusive rights to 38 pending U.S. patent
applications, 4 pending foreign patent applications, and one pending PCT International patent application. 

While we plan to file additional patent applications,
we may never develop any invention that results in any additional issued patents. Even if we obtain patents, we may be unsuccessful in
defending our patents (and other proprietary rights) against third party challenges. Although we expect to attempt to obtain patent coverage
for our technology where available and where we believe appropriate, there may be aspects of the technology for which patent coverage
may never be sought or received. We may not possess the resources to or may not choose to pursue patent protection outside the United
States or any or every country other than the United States where we may eventually decide to sell our future products. Our ability to
prevent others from making or selling duplicate or similar technologies will be impaired in those countries in which we have no patent
protection. 

Any patent applications we have filed or may file
in the future may never result in issued patents, or patents issued based upon such applications may issue only with limited coverage
or may issue and be subsequently successfully challenged by others and held invalid or unenforceable. There may exist prior art that may
prevent our patent applications from resulting in issued patents, and there may be other inventors who file patent applications on inventions
that are the same or similar to ours or that otherwise may be found to anticipate our inventions before we file patent applications of
our own on our inventions, which may result in the issue of patents on our inventions or similar or anticipatory inventions to those other
inventors. 

Even if patents issue based on our current or
any future applications, any issued patents may not provide us with any competitive advantages . Competitors may be able to
design around our patents or develop products that provide outcomes comparable or superior to ours. Our patents may be held invalid or
unenforceable as a result of legal challenges by third parties, and others may challenge the inventorship or ownership of our patents
and pending patent applications. In addition, if we choose to and are able to secure protection in countries outside the United States,
the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States.
In the event a competitor infringes upon our patents or other intellectual property rights, enforcing those rights may be difficult, expensive
and time consuming and we may elect not to enforce our patents or other intellectual property rights based on the facts and circumstances
known to us at the time. Even if successful, litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend our patents against challenge
could be expensive and time consuming and could divert our management s attention. We may not have sufficient resources to enforce
our intellectual property rights or to defend our patents against a challenge. 

If we are unable to protect the
confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected. 

In addition to our patent activities, we rely
upon, among other things, unpatented proprietary technology, processes, trade secrets and know-how. Any involuntary disclosure to or misappropriation
by third parties of our confidential or proprietary information could enable competitors to duplicate or surpass our technological achievements,
potentially eroding our competitive position in our market. While we require all of our employees, consultants, advisors and any third
parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information and technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot be
certain that this know-how, information and technology will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our
trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. These agreements may be terminated or breached,
and we may not have adequate remedies for any such termination or breach. Furthermore, these agreements may not be enforceable or provide
meaningful protection for our trade secrets and know-how in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. The disclosure of trade secrets
or other proprietary information would impair our competitive position and may materially harm our business. 

19 

We may in the future be a party
to intellectual property litigation or administrative proceedings that could be costly and could interfere with our ability to develop
our products. 

Because our industry is characterized by competing
intellectual property, we may be sued for violating the intellectual property rights of others. Determining whether a product infringes
a patent involves complex legal and factual issues, and the outcome of patent litigation actions is often uncertain. We have not conducted
any significant search of patents issued to third parties, and no assurance can be given that third party patents containing claims covering
our product under development, parts of our product under development, technology or methods do not exist, have not been filed, or could
not be filed or issued. Because of the number of patents issued and patent applications filed in our technical areas or fields, our competitors
or other third parties may assert that our products and the methods we plan to employ in the use of our products are covered by United
States or foreign patents held by them. In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue and because publication
schedules for pending applications vary by jurisdiction, there may be applications now pending of which we are unaware, and which may
result in issued patents that our product under development or other future products would infringe. Also, because the claims of published
patent applications can change between publication and patent grant, there may be published patent applications that may ultimately issue
with claims that we infringe. There could also be existing patents that one or more of our future products or parts may infringe and of
which we are unaware. As the number of competitors in our market increases, and as the number of patents issued in this area grows, the
possibility of patent infringement claims against us increases. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent
litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from
the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to
continue our operations. 

In the event that we become subject to a patent
infringement or other intellectual property lawsuit and if the relevant patents or other intellectual property were upheld as valid and
enforceable and we were found to infringe or violate the terms of a license to which we are a party, we could be prevented from selling
any infringing products of ours unless we could obtain a license or were able to redesign the product to avoid infringement. If we were
unable to obtain a license or successfully redesign, we might be prevented from selling our product under development or other future
products. If there is an allegation or determination that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of a competitor or other
person, we may be required to pay damages, or a settlement or ongoing royalties. In these circumstances, we may be unable to sell our
products at competitive prices or at all, and our business could be harmed. 

We may be subject to claims that
our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of their former employers
or other third parties or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 

We do and may employ and contract with individuals
who were previously employed by other technology companies. Although we seek to protect our ownership of intellectual property rights
by ensuring that our agreements with our employees, collaborators and other third parties with whom we do business include provisions
requiring such parties to assign rights in inventions to us and to not use the know-how or confidential information of their former employer
or other third parties, we cannot guarantee that we have executed such agreements with all applicable parties. We may be subject to claims
that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed confidential information
of our employees former employers or other third parties. We may also be subject to claims that former employers or other third
parties have an ownership interest in our patents. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. There is no guarantee of
success in defending these claims, and if we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable
personnel or intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Even if we
are successful, litigation could result in substantial cost and be a distraction to our management and other employees. 

In addition, while it is our policy to require
our employees, contractors and other third parties who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute
agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact,
conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights under such agreements
may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or
defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Any of the foregoing
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

20 

We could become subject to product
liability claims, product recalls and warranty claims that could be expensive, divert management s attention and harm our business. 

Our business exposes us to potential liability
risks that are inherent in the manufacturing, marketing and sale of products used by consumers. We may be held liable if our product under
development or other future products cause injury or death or are found otherwise unsuitable during usage. Our future products to be developed
are expected to incorporate sophisticated components and computer software. Complex software can contain errors, particularly when first
introduced. In addition, new products or enhancements may contain undetected errors or performance problems that, despite testing, are
discovered only after installation. While we believe our technology will be safe, because our proposed solution is an RF-based technology
that is being designed to be used in close proximity to users, users may allege or possibly prove defects, some of which could be alleged
or proved to cause harm to users or others. A product liability claim, regardless of its merit or eventual outcome, could result in significant
legal defense costs. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain products liability insurance; if we do, however, the coverage
limits of any insurance policies that we may choose to purchase to cover related risks may not be adequate to cover future claims, and
the cost of insurance, if obtainable, could be prohibitive. If sales of our products increase or we suffer future product liability claims,
we may be unable to maintain product liability insurance in the future at satisfactory rates or with adequate amounts. A product liability
claim, any product recalls or excessive warranty claims, whether arising from defects in design or manufacture or otherwise, could negatively
affect our sales or require a change in the design or manufacturing process, any of which could harm our reputation and result in a decline
in revenue, each of which would harm our business. 

In addition, if a product we designed or manufactured
is defective, whether due to design or manufacturing defects, improper use of the product or other reasons, we may be required to notify
regulatory authorities and/or to recall the product. A required notification to a regulatory authority or recall could result in an investigation
by regulatory authorities of our products, which could in turn result in required recalls, restrictions on the sale of the products or
other penalties. The adverse publicity resulting from any of these actions could adversely affect the perception of customers and potential
customers. These investigations or recalls, especially if accompanied by unfavorable publicity, could result in our incurring substantial
costs, losing revenues and damaging our reputation, each of which would harm our business. 

Risks Related to Regulation 

We expect to seek FDA clearance
or approval for our planned solution, which may be difficult to achieve, and existing laws or regulations or future legislative or regulatory
changes may affect our business. 

While we may commercialize our first iteration
of the Evie Ring without FDA clearance, we expect subsequent iterations of our proposed solution will be subject to current and future
regulation by the FDA and may be subject to regulation by other federal, state and local agencies. These agencies and regulations require
manufacturers of medical devices to comply with applicable laws and regulations governing development, testing, manufacturing, labeling,
marketing and distribution of medical devices. Devices are generally subject to varying levels of regulatory control, based on the risk
level of the device. Governmental regulations specific to medical devices are wide-ranging and govern, among other things: 

product
design, development and manufacture; 

laboratory,
pre-clinical and clinical testing, labeling, packaging, storage and distribution; 

premarketing
clearance or approval; 

record
keeping; 

product
marketing, promotion and advertising, sales and distribution; and 

post-marketing surveillance, including reporting of deaths, serious injuries and certain malfunctions, as well as corrections and removals (recalls). 

Before a new medical device or a new intended use for an existing product
can be marketed in the United States, a company must first submit and receive either 510(k) clearance or PMA from FDA, unless an exemption
applies. The typical duration to receive a 510(k) clearance is approximately nine to twelve months from the date of the initial 510(k)
submission and the typical duration to receive a PMA approval is approximately two years from the date of submission of the initial PMA
application, although there is no guarantee that the timing will not be longer. 

21 

Our end goal is to bring to market a solution
that would be classified as a Class II medical device that will require a 510(k) clearance prior to marketing. In some instances, the
510(k) pathway for product marketing may be used with only proof of substantial equivalence in technology for a given indication with
a lawfully marketed device (a predicate device ). In other instances, FDA may require additional clinical work to prove efficacy
in addition to technological equivalence and basic safety. Whether clinical data is provided or not, FDA may decide to reject the substantial
equivalence argument we present. If that happens, our device would be automatically designated as a Class III device and we would have
to fulfill the more rigorous PMA requirements or request a de novo reclassification of the device into Class I or II. Thus,
although at this time we do not anticipate that we will be required to do so, it is possible that one or more of our planned products
may require PMA approval de novo reclassification. 

We may not be able to obtain the necessary clearances
or approvals or may be unduly delayed in doing so, which could harm our business. Furthermore, even if we are granted regulatory clearances
or approvals, they may include significant limitations on the indicated uses for the product, which may limit the market for the product.
Delays in obtaining clearance or approval could increase our costs and harm our revenues and growth. 

In addition, we will be required to timely file
various reports with FDA, including reports required by the medical device reporting regulations that require us to report to FDA if our
devices may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to
a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur. If these reports are not filed timely, regulators may impose sanctions and
sales of our products may suffer, and we may be subject to regulatory enforcement actions, all of which could harm our business. 

If we initiate a correction or removal for one
of our devices to reduce a risk to health posed by the device, we would be required to submit a publicly available Correction and Removal
report to FDA and, in many cases, similar reports to other regulatory agencies. This report could be classified by FDA as a device recall
which could lead to increased scrutiny by FDA, other international regulatory agencies and our customers regarding the quality and safety
of our devices. Furthermore, the submission of these reports has been and could be used by competitors against us in competitive situations
and cause customers to delay purchase decisions or cancel orders and would harm our reputation. 

FDA and FTC also regulate the advertising and
promotion of our products to ensure that the claims we make are consistent with our regulatory clearances, that there are adequate and
reasonable data to substantiate the claims and that our promotional labeling and advertising is neither false nor misleading in any respect.
If FDA or FTC determines that any of our advertising or promotional claims are misleading, not substantiated or not permissible, we may
be subject to enforcement actions, including warning letters, and we may be required to revise our promotional claims and make other corrections
or restitutions. 

FDA and state authorities have broad enforcement
powers. Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement action by FDA or state agencies, which
may include any of the following sanctions: 

adverse publicity, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

repair, replacement, refunds, recall or seizure of our products; 

operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

refusing our requests for 510(k) clearance or PMA of new products, new intended uses or modifications to existing products; 

withdrawing 510(k) clearance or PMAs that have already been granted; 

refusal of importation or exportation; and 

criminal prosecution and/or civil penalties. 

If any of these events were to occur, our business
and financial condition would be harmed. 

The cost of compliance with new laws or regulations
governing our technology or future products could adversely affect our financial results. New laws or regulations may impose restrictions
or obligations on us that could force us to redesign our technology under development or other future products and may impose restrictions
that are not possible or practicable to comply with, which could cause our business to fail. We cannot predict the impact on our business
of any legislation or regulations related to our technology or future products that may be enacted or adopted in the future. 

22 

If any OEMs contracted to manufacture
our proposed solution fail to comply with FDA s Quality System Regulations or other regulatory bodies equivalent regulations,
manufacturing operations could be delayed or shut down and the development of our proposed solution could suffer. 

The manufacturing processes of third-party OEMs
are required to comply with FDA s Quality System Regulations and other regulatory bodies equivalent regulations, which cover
the procedures and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, storage and shipping
of our planned non-invasive solution. They may also be subject to similar state requirements and licenses and engage in extensive recordkeeping
and reporting and make available their manufacturing facilities and records for periodic unannounced inspections by governmental agencies,
including FDA, state authorities and comparable agencies in other countries. If any OEM fails such an inspection, our operations could
be disrupted and our manufacturing interrupted. Failure to take adequate corrective action in response to an adverse inspection could
result in, among other things, a shut-down of our manufacturing operations, significant fines, suspension of marketing clearances and
approvals, seizures or recalls of our products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which would cause our business
to suffer. Furthermore, these OEMs may be engaged with other companies to supply and/or manufacture materials or products for such companies,
which would expose our OEMs to regulatory risks for the production of such materials and products. As a result, failure to meet the regulatory
requirements for the production of those materials and products may also affect the regulatory clearance of a third-party manufacturer s
facility. If FDA determines that any of the facilities that manufacture our proposed solution are not in compliance with applicable requirements,
we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would impede or delay our ability to develop, obtain regulatory clearance
or approval for, or market our proposed solution, if developed and approved. Additionally, our key component suppliers may not currently
be or may not continue to be in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, which may result in manufacturing delays for our product
and cause our results of operations to suffer. 

We expect our planned solution
to be subject to certain Federal Communication Commission FCC regulations. 

Our RF-based technology involves the transmission
of RF energy, and as such, will be subject to regulation by the FCC, including the FCC s equipment authorization regulations and
its regulations governing human exposure to RF energy. In particular, we expect the planned solution to be regulated under Part 18 of
the FCC s rules governing industrial, scientific, and medical (ISM) equipment, and to be classified as consumer ISM equipment under
that rule part. Based on the expected frequency and power of operation, we expect that the product will comply with the Part 18 technical
specifications for these type of devices, which we will be required to verify under FCC equipment authorization procedures. We also expect,
based on the device s frequency and power of operation, that the product will comply with the FCC s requirements governing
human exposure to RF energy. There is the risk that the product, as we expect it to be developed, may not comply with these requirements,
which could significantly affect our development costs and delay commercialization of the product. There is also the risk that we will
be unable to cost effectively develop and produce a solution using RF technology that complies with these FCC requirements. 

Our planned solution may in the
future be subject to product recalls that could harm our reputation. 

Regulatory agencies have the authority to require
the recall of commercialized products in the event of material regulatory deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture. A government-mandated
or voluntary recall by us could occur as a result of component failures, manufacturing errors or design or labeling defects. Recalls of
our planned solution would divert management s attention, be expensive, harm our reputation with customers and harm our financial
condition and results of operations. A recall announcement would also negatively affect the price of our securities. 

23 

Healthcare reform measures could
hinder or prevent our planned solution s commercial success. 

There have been, and we expect there will continue
to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system in ways that could harm our future revenues and profitability
and the future revenues and profitability of our potential customers. Federal and state lawmakers regularly propose and, at times, enact
legislation that would result in significant changes to the healthcare system, some of which are intended to contain or reduce the costs
of medical products and services. For example, one of the most significant healthcare reform measures in decades, the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act (the Affordable Care Act ),
was enacted in 2010. The Affordable Care Act contains a number of provisions, including those governing enrollment in federal healthcare
programs, reimbursement changes and fraud and abuse measures, all of which may impact existing government healthcare programs and result
in the development of new programs. The Affordable Care Act imposed a 2.3 percent excise tax on sales of medical devices. The excise tax
was suspended by statute twice before being repealed in December 2019. While this tax has been repealed, Congress could enact future legislation
or further change the law related to the medical devise excise tax in a manner that could negatively impact our operating results. The
financial impact such future taxes could have on our business is unclear. 

Other significant measures contained in the Affordable
Care Act include research on the comparative clinical effectiveness of different technologies and procedures, initiatives to revise Medicare
payment methodologies, such as bundling of payments across the continuum of care by providers and physicians, and initiatives to promote
quality indicators in payment methodologies. The Affordable Care Act also includes significant new fraud and abuse measures, including
required disclosures of financial payments to and arrangements with physician customers, lower thresholds for violations and increasing
potential penalties for such violations. 

Since its enactment, there have been judicial
and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. It remains unclear whether changes will be made to the Affordable
Care Act, or whether it will be repealed or materially modified. There likely will continue to be legislative and regulatory proposals
at the federal and state levels directed at containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. We cannot predict the initiatives that may
be adopted in the future or their full impact. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations
and other payers of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare may harm our ability to set a price that we believe is
fair for our products, our ability to generate revenues and achieve or maintain profitability and the availability of capital. 

24 

If we fail to comply with healthcare
regulations with respect to our planned solution, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition
could be adversely affected. 

Even though we do not and will not control referrals
of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third party payers, certain federal and state healthcare laws and
regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients rights will be applicable to our business. We could be subject to healthcare
fraud and abuse and patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The regulations
that will affect how we operate include: 

the federal healthcare program Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, any person from knowingly and willfully offering, soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

the federal False Claims Act, which prohibits, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false claims, or knowingly using false statements, to obtain payment from the federal government; 

federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, created under the Affordable Care Act, and its implementing regulations, which require manufacturers of drugs, medical devices, biologicals and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 

the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, which governs the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and protects the security and privacy of protected health information; and 

state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including commercial insurers. 

The Affordable Care Act, among other things, amends
the intent requirement of the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute and criminal healthcare fraud statutes. A person or entity no longer needs
to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the Affordable Care Act provides that the government
may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false
or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. 

Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements
will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities
will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable
fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in
defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of
civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare,
Medicaid and other federal and similar foreign healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future
earnings and curtailment of our operations, any of which could harm our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 

25 

Risks Related to Owning Our Securities and
Our Financial Results 

Our quarterly and annual results
may fluctuate significantly, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business and may result in decreases in the price
of our securities. 

Our financial condition and operating results
may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year due to a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control.
Our operating results will be affected by numerous factors such as: 

variations in the level of expenses related to our proposed products; 

status of our product development efforts; 

execution of collaborative, licensing or other arrangements, and the timing of payments received or made under those arrangements; 

intellectual property prosecution and any infringement lawsuits to which we may become a party; 

regulatory developments affecting our products or those of our competitors; 

our ability to obtain and maintain FCC clearance and/or FDA approval for our products, which have not yet been approved for marketing; 

our ability to commercialize our products; 

market acceptance of our products; 

the timing and success of new products and feature introductions by us or our competitors or any other change in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors, customers or strategic partners; 

the amount and timing of costs and expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business and operations; 

general economic, industry and market conditions; 

the hiring, training and retention of key employees, including our ability to develop a sales team; 

litigation or other claims against us; 

our ability to obtain additional financing; 

business interruptions caused by events such as pandemics and natural disasters; and 

advances and trends in new technologies and industry standards. 

Any or all of these factors could adversely affect
our cash position requiring us to raise additional capital, which may be on unfavorable terms and result in substantial dilution. 

Our disclosure controls and procedures
may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 

We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act, and are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to reasonably assure that information
required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

26 

As a public company, we are required to maintain
internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in those internal controls. Such internal controls are
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have identified a
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. The material weakness relates to the ineffective
design and operation of our financial close and reporting controls. Although we are making efforts to remediate this issue, these efforts
may not be sufficient to avoid similar material weaknesses in the future. Designing and implementing internal controls over financial
reporting may be time consuming, costly and complicated as we are a small organization with limited management resources. 

If the material weakness in our internal controls
is not fully remediated or if additional material weaknesses are identified, those material weaknesses could cause us to fail to meet
our future reporting obligations, reduce the market s confidence in our consolidated financial statements, harm our stock price
and subject us to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In addition, our common stock may not
be able to remain listed on Nasdaq or any other securities exchange. 

For as long as we are an emerging growth company, as
defined in the JOBS Act, or a non-accelerated filer, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, our auditors will not be required
to attest as to our internal control over financial reporting. If we continue to identify material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting, are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, are unable to assert that our
internal control over financial reporting is effective or, once required, our independent registered public accounting firm is unable
to attest that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness
of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could decrease. We could also become subject to stockholder or other
third-party litigation as well as investigations by the securities exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory
authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources and could result in fines, trading suspensions or other
remedies. 

Any control system, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error
or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. 

The issuance of additional stock
in connection with financings, acquisitions, our equity incentive plan, upon exercise of outstanding warrants or otherwise will dilute
our existing stockholders. 

If we issue additional equity securities, our
existing stockholders percentage ownership will be reduced and these stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may also
issue equity securities that provide for rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock. Subject to compliance
with applicable rules and regulations, we may issue our shares of common stock in connection with a financing, acquisition, our equity
incentive plan, upon exercise of outstanding warrants or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing
stockholders and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 

Our stock price has fluctuated
widely and is likely to continue to be volatile. 

The market price for our common stock varied between
a high of 4.11 and a low of 1.27 in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022. Our stock price is likely to continue
to be volatile and subject to significant price and volume fluctuations in response to market and other factors, including those listed
in this Item 1A. Risk Factors section and other, unknown factors. Among numerous other factors, our stock price also
may be affected by: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 

changes in financial or operational estimates or projections; 

conditions in markets generally; 

changes in the economic performance or market valuations of companies similar to ours; and 

general economic or political conditions in the United States or elsewhere. 

27 

In particular, the market prices of technology
companies like ours have been highly volatile due to factors, including, but not limited to: 

any delay or failure to commercialize products acceptable to the market; 

developments or disputes concerning our product s intellectual property rights; 

our or our competitors technological innovations; 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, capital commitments, new technologies, or patents; and 

failure to complete significant transactions or collaborate with vendors in manufacturing our product. 

Any of these factors may result in large and sudden
changes in the volume and trading price of our common stock. The stock market, generally, has from time to time experienced significant
price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may
also materially and adversely affect the market price of shares of our common stock. 

The daily
trading volume of our common stock has historically been relatively low. If we are unable to develop and maintain a liquid market for
our common stock, our shareholders may not be able to sell common stock at prices they consider to be fair or at times that are convenient,
or at all. This situation may be attributable to a number of factors, including but not limited to the fact that we are a development-stage
company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors, and others in the investor community. In
addition, investors may be risk averse to investments in development-stage companies. The low trading volume is outside of our control
and may not increase or, if it increases, may not be maintained. In addition, following periods of volatility in the market price of a
company s securities, litigation has often been brought against that company and we may become the target of litigation as a result
of price volatility. Litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources from our business.
This could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our failure to meet the continued
listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a de-listing of our common stock. 

Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq Capital Market.
If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing
bid price requirement, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price
of our common stock and would impair our shareholders ability to sell or purchase our common stock. In the event of a delisting,
we would take actions to restore our compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such
action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common
stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s
listing requirements. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
designates specific courts as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit
our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 

Our Third Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation specifies that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for most legal actions involving claims brought against us by stockholders; provided
that, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act, the rules and regulations thereunder or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction; and provided
further that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction,
such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. Our Certificate of Incorporation further
provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States
of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting
a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our
capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation described
above. 

We believe these provisions benefit us by providing
increased consistency in the application of Delaware law by chancellors particularly experienced in resolving corporate disputes and in
the application of the Securities Act by federal judges, as applicable, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule
relative to other forums and protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. However, the provisions may have the effect of
discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, employees and agents as it may limit any stockholder s ability to bring a
claim in a judicial forum that such stockholder finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents.
The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in
legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice
of forum provisions contained in our Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. If a court were
to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action,
we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

28 

We have not paid dividends in
the past and have no immediate plans to pay dividends. 

We plan to reinvest all of our earnings, to the
extent we have earnings, in order to further develop our technology and potential products and to cover operating costs. We do not plan
to pay any cash dividends with respect to our securities in the foreseeable future. We may never generate
sufficient surplus cash that would be available for distribution to the holders of our common stock as a dividend. Therefore, our shareholders should
not expect to receive cash dividends on the common stock. 

Concentration of ownership among
our existing executive officers, directors and significant stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate
decisions. 

All decisions with respect to the management of the Company will be
made by our board of directors and our officers, who beneficially own approximately 8.1 of our common stock, as calculated in accordance
with Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In addition, Leabman
Holdings LLC and certain trusts established by Emily Fairbairn beneficially own approximately 9.1 and 8.8 , respectively, as calculated
in accordance with Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. As a result, these stockholders will be able to exercise a significant
level of control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our Certificate of
Incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. This control could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change
of control of the Company or changes in management, in each case, which other stockholders might find favorable, and will make the approval
of certain transactions difficult or impossible without the support of these significant stockholders. 

We are an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies
will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the JOBS Act, and we expect to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, (i) being required to present
only two years of audited financial statements and related financial disclosure, (ii) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (iii) extended transition periods for complying with new or revised accounting
standards, (iv) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and (v) exemptions
from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. We have taken, and in the future may take, advantage of these exemptions until such time that we are
no longer an emerging growth company. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we rely
on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for
our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. 

We will remain an emerging growth company 
for up to five years, although we will lose that status sooner if our annual revenues exceed 1.07 billion, if we issue more than 1 billion
in non-convertible debt in a three-year period, or if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700
million as of any June 30. 

We are incurring significant
increased costs as a result of becoming a public company that reports to the SEC and our management is required to devote substantial
time to meet compliance obligations. 

As a public company listed in the United States,
we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We are subject to reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq that impose significant
requirements on public companies, including requiring the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls
and changes in corporate governance practices. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Protection Act includes significant
corporate governance and executive compensation-related provisions that have and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance
costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and may also place undue strain on our personnel, systems and resources.
Our management and other personnel must devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. In addition, these rules
and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be
required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a
result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our board of directors, our board committees
or as executive officers. 

29 

If securities or industry analysts
do not publish research reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse opinion about our business, the price of our common stock
and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will be
influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not currently have
and may never obtain research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no or few analysts commence research coverage of us, or
one or more of the analysts who cover us issues an adverse opinion about our company, the price of our common stock would likely decline.
If one or more of these analysts ceases research coverage of us or fails to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility
in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the price of our common stock or trading volume to decline. 

Our charter documents and Delaware
law may inhibit a takeover that stockholders consider favorable. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws and
applicable provisions of Delaware law may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control or change
in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions that
our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. The provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws: 

authorize our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval and to designate the rights, preferences and privileges of each class; if issued, such preferred stock would increase the number of outstanding shares of our common stock and could include terms that may deter an acquisition of us; 

classifies our board of directors into three classes, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms; 

limit who may call stockholder meetings; 

do not provide for cumulative voting rights; 

provide that all vacancies may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; 

provide that stockholders must comply with advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for director; 

provide that stockholders may only amend our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws upon a supermajority vote of stockholders; and 

provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain legal claims. 

In addition, section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law may limit our ability to engage in any business combination with a person who beneficially owns 15 or more of our outstanding
voting stock unless certain conditions are satisfied. This restriction lasts for a period of three years following the share acquisition.
These provisions may have the effect of entrenching our management team and may deprive our shareholders of the opportunity to sell shares to
potential acquirers at a premium over prevailing prices. This potential inability to obtain a control premium could reduce the price of
our common stock. 

30 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our principal office is located at 6800 Koll Center
Parkway, Pleasanton, California, and is comprised of office and laboratory space that we occupy pursuant
to a lease. See Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies of our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of this lease
facility. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not currently a party to any pending legal
proceedings that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business or financial conditions. We may, however, be subject to
various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business from time to time. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

31 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our shares of common stock have been listed on
the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MOVE since March 23, 2021. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market
for our common stock. 

As of March 23, 2023, there were 36 holders of
record of our common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never paid cash dividends on our securities, and we do not
anticipate paying any cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain any future earnings
for reinvestment in our business. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors,
and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as our board of
directors deems relevant. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Not applicable. 

Item 6. Reserved 

32 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere
in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management s current
beliefs and assumptions, which statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially
from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed in Risk
Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report. Please also see Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at
the beginning of this Annual Report. 

Overview 

Movano Inc., dba Movano Health, a Delaware corporation,
is developing a platform to deliver purpose-driven healthcare solutions to bring medical-grade, high-quality data to the forefront of
consumer health devices. 

The Company s initial commercial product
in development is the Evie Ring which is a wearable designed specifically for women. The Evie Ring combines health and wellness metrics
to give a full picture of one s health, including resting heart rate, heart rate variability HRV ), SpO 2 ,
respiration rate, skin temperature variability, period and ovulation tracking, menstrual symptom tracking, activity profile, including
steps, active minutes and calories burned, sleep stages and duration, and mood tracking. 

In addition to the Evie Ring, we are developing
one of the smallest patented and proprietary SoC designed specifically for blood pressure or CGM systems. Movano Health built the integrated
sensor from the ground up with multiple antennas and a variety of frequencies to achieve an unprecedented level of precision in health
monitoring. We are currently conducting clinical trials with the SoC and developing algorithms that will enable us to develop wearables
that can monitor glucose non-invasively and blood pressure without a cuff. Our end goal is to bring a Class II FDA-cleared device to the
market that includes CGM and cuffless blood pressure monitoring capabilities. Over time, our technology could also enable the measurement
and continuous monitoring of other health data. 

On April 28, 2021, the Company established Movano
Ireland Limited, organized under the laws of Ireland, as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Financial Operations Overview 

We are a development stage company with a limited
operating history. To date, we have invested substantially all of our efforts and financial resources into the research and development
of the products we are developing, including conducting clinical studies and related sales, general and administrative costs. To date,
we have funded our operations primarily from the sale of our equity securities. 

We have incurred net losses in each year since
inception. Our net losses were 30.3 million and 21.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Substantially
all our net losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from sales, general
and administrative costs associated with our operations. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 10.8 million
in available cash and cash equivalents. 

Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncement - Leases 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases
 (ASC 842) which requires lessees to recognize leases on the balance sheet by recording a right-of-use asset and lease liability. We
adopted this new guidance as of January 1, 2022 and applied the modified retrospective approach, whereby prior comparative periods will
not be retrospectively presented in the consolidated financial statements. We elected the package of practical expedients not to reassess
prior conclusions related to contracts containing leases and lease classification and the lessee practical expedient to combine lease
and non-lease components for all asset classes. We made a policy election to not recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for
short-term leases for all asset classes. See Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies of our consolidated financial statements for further
details. 

Upon adoption on January 1, 2022, we recognized
right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for operating leases of 380,000 and 429,000, respectively. The difference between the right-of-use
asset and lease liability primarily represents the net book value of deferred rent recognized as of December 31, 2021, which was adjusted
against the right-of-use asset upon adoption. 

33 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, which requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. These estimates require the use of judgment
as future events, and the effect of these events cannot be predicted with certainty. 

Liquidity 

In accordance with Accounting Standard Codification ASC 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern , the Company continually evaluates whether there are conditions
or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year
after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. We have incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operating
activities in each year since its inception. 

We believe that our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022
with the addition of the 6.85 million raised in our February 2023 public offering will not be sufficient to fund our projected operating
requirements for at least the next 12 months from the filing date of this annual report. 

Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

We recorded all shares of redeemable convertible
preferred stock at their respective issuance price less issuance costs on the dates of issuance. Under certain circumstances, we would
have been required to redeem the Series A and Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock unless an Initial Public Offering IPO had been consummated prior to April 1, 2021, or an extension or waiver was obtained upon approval of a majority of the holders of such
preferred stock. As the preferred stock became redeemable due to the passage of time, we considered the preferred stock to be redeemable
as of April 1, 2021. We record the accretion of the Series A and B preferred stock balances to their respective redemption amounts using
the effective interest method. Upon the IPO, the redeemable convertible preferred stock converted in to 11,436,956 shares of common stock. 

Paycheck Protection Program Loan 

We accounted for funds received from the Paycheck
Protection Program as a financial liability with interest accrued and expensed over the term of the loan under the effective interest
method. The loan remained recorded as a liability until the Company was legally released from the liability. The amount that was ultimately
forgiven by the lender was recognized in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss as a gain extinguishment. 

Convertible Financial Instruments 

We bifurcate embedded redemption and conversion
options from their host instruments and account for them as freestanding derivative financial instruments at fair value, if certain criteria
are met. The criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument
are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies
both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable GAAP with changes
in fair value reported in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument
would be considered a derivative instrument. Debt discounts under these arrangements are amortized to interest expense using the interest
method over the earlier of the term of the related debt or their earliest date of redemption. 

We may retain a third-party appraiser to estimate
the fair value of the derivative financial instruments. These fair value estimates are subjective in nature and require careful consideration
and judgement. Management reviews the third-party reports for reasonableness of the assigned values. We believe that the appraised values
represent the fair value of the freestanding derivative financial instruments, and we have not had to modify the assumptions. 

From time to time, we issue convertible financial
instruments to nonemployees in payment for services that are provided. Until the services are completely rendered, we will expense the
principal and any interest earned prior to the service completion to the representative expense account for the services performed and
will record a noncurrent liability for the expected amount of the principal balance. Upon completion of the services, we will reclassify
the noncurrent liability balance to the balance of an outstanding convertible financial instrument and assess the embedded redemption
and conversion options that are applicable at that time. 

Common Stock Warrants 

During the normal course of business, from time to time, we issue warrants
to purchase common stock as part of a debt or equity financing or to vendors as consideration to perform services. We assess each warrant
to determine if it meets the characteristics of a liability or a derivative, and if the warrant does meet the characteristics of a liability
or a derivative, we classify the warrant as a liability measured at fair value. The derivative liabilities are remeasured at each period
end, on a recurring basis, to the estimated fair value with the changes in fair value reflected as current period income or loss until
the warrant is exercised, extinguished, or expires. If the warrant does not meet the characteristics of a liability or a derivative, we
classify the warrant as equity, and record the warrant at its fair value on the date of issuance. The fair value of our warrants is estimated
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model which contains estimates and assumptions that require careful consideration and judgment.
To date, we have not experienced changes in these estimates and have not had to modify our assumptions. 

34 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We measure equity classified stock-based awards
granted to employees, directors, and nonemployees based on the estimated fair value on the date of grant and recognizes compensation expense
of those awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award.
The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. This valuation
model for stock-based compensation expense requires us to make assumptions and judgments about the variables used in the calculation including
the expected term, the volatility of the Company s common stock, and an assumed risk-free interest rate. As a result, if we revise
our assumptions and estimates, our stock-based compensation expense could change. These assumptions include: 

Dividend Rate The expected
dividend rate was assumed to be zero, as we have not previously paid dividends on common stock and have no current plans to do so. 

Expected Volatility The
expected volatility was derived from the historical stock volatilities of several public companies within our industry that we consider
to be comparable to our business over a period equivalent to the expected term of the stock option grants. 

Risk-Free Interest Rate 
The risk-free interest rate is based on the interest yield in effect at the date of grant for zero coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities
approximately equal to the option s expected term. 

Expected Term The expected
term represents the period that our stock options are expected to be outstanding. The expected term of option grants that are considered
to be plain vanilla are determined using the simplified method. The simplified method deems the term to be the average of
the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the options. For other option grants not considered to be plain vanilla, 
we determined the expected term to be the contractual life of the options. 

Forfeitures We made the
one-time policy election to recognize forfeitures when they occur. 

Fair Value of Common Stock 

Prior to our IPO in March 2021, the fair values
of the shares of our common stock underlying our share-based awards and warrant grants were estimated on each grant date by our board
of directors. In order to determine the fair value of our common stock, our board of directors considered, among other things, valuations
of our common stock prepared by an independent third-party valuation firm in accordance with the guidance provided by the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants Practice Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. 

The fair value of our common stock was estimated
using a two-step process. First, our enterprise value was established using generally accepted valuation methodologies, such as comparable
public company and market adjusted option pricing analysis as well as consideration of company financing transactions. Second, the enterprise
value was allocated among the securities that comprise our capital structure using the option-pricing method. The option-pricing method
treats all levels of the capital structure as call options on the enterprise s value, with exercise price based on the breakpoints 
between each of the different claims on the securities. The inputs necessary for the option-pricing model include the current equity value
(the enterprise value as previously calculated), breakpoints (the various characteristics for each class of equity, including liquidation
preferences and priority distributions, in accordance with our certificate of incorporation, as amended and restated), term, risk-free
rate, and volatility. 

35 

Given the absence of a public trading market for
our common stock, our board of directors exercised their judgment and considered a number of objective and subjective factors to determine
the best estimate of the fair value of our common stock, including valuations performed by an independent third party, developments in
our operations, sales of preferred stock, the prices, rights, preferences and privileges of our preferred stock relative to the common
stock, actual operating results and financial performance and capital resources, the conditions in the our industry and the economy and
capital markets in general, the stock price performance and volatility of comparable public companies, the likelihood of achieving a liquidity
event for shares of our common stock underlying these stock options, such as an initial public offering or sale of our company, and the
lack of liquidity of our common stock, among other factors. 

The assumptions underlying these valuations were
highly complex and subjective and represented management s best estimates, which involved inherent uncertainties and the application
of management s judgment. As a result, if we had used significantly different assumptions or estimates, the fair value of our common
stock and our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different. 

The fair value of the underlying common stock
was determined by the board of directors until the IPO when our common stock started trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker
symbol MOVE on March 23, 2021. Consequently, after our IPO the fair value of the shares of common stock underlying the stock options is
the closing market price on the option grant date. 

Income Taxes 

We account for income taxes using the asset and
liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial statement
and tax basis of assets and liabilities and net operating loss and credit carryforwards using enacted tax rates in effect for the year
in which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to
the amounts expected to be realized. 

We account for unrecognized tax benefits using
a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in
a tax return. We establish a liability for tax-related uncertainties based on estimates of whether, and the extent to which, additional
taxes will be due. We record an income tax liability, if any, for the difference between the benefit recognized and measured and the tax
position taken or expected to be taken on our tax returns. To the extent that the assessment of such tax positions changes, the change
in estimate is recorded in the period in which the determination is made. The liability is adjusted considering changing facts and circumstances,
such as the outcome of a tax audit. The provision for income taxes includes the impact of liability provisions and changes to the liability
that are considered appropriate. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. 

36 

Results of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Our consolidated statements of operations for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as discussed herein are presented below. 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Research and development 
 18,994 
 13,427 
 5,567 
 41 
 
 Sales, general and administrative 
 11,468 
 6,376 
 5,092 
 80 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 30,462 
 19,803 
 10,659 
 54 

Loss from operations 
 (30,462 
 (19,803 
 (10,659 
 (54 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest expense 
 
 (883 
 883 
 100 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 
 (1,581 
 1,581 
 100 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 
 121 
 (121 
 (100 
 
 Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program Loan 
 
 351 
 (351 
 (100 
 
 Interest and other income, net 
 133 
 22 
 111 
 505 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 133 
 (1,970 
 2,103 
 107 

Net loss 
 (30,329 
 (21,773 
 (8,556 
 (39 

Research and Development 

Research and development expenses totaled 19.0 million
and 13.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This increase of 5.6 million was due primarily to
the growth of the Company and its activities. Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 included expenses
related to employee compensation of 9.4 million, other professional fees of 6.7 million, tools and equipment expenses of 2.0 million,
rent of 0.2 million, depreciation and amortization of 0.1 million, and other expenses of 0.6 million. Research and development expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2021 included expenses related to employee compensation of 6.0 million, tools and equipment expenses
of 1.0 million, other professional fees of 5.9 million, rent of 0.1 million, depreciation and amortization of 0.1 million, and
other expenses of 0.3 million. 

37 

Sales, General and Administrative 

Sales, general and administrative expenses totaled
 11.5 million and 6.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This increase of 5.1 million was due primarily
to the growth of the Company and its activities. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 included
expenses related to employee and board of director compensation of 6.1 million, professional and consulting fees of 2.5 million,
rent of 0.1 million, insurance of 1.3 million, and other expenses of 1.5 million. Sales, general and administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 included expenses related to employee and board of director compensation of 3.2 million,
professional and consulting fees of 1.7 million, and other expenses of 1.5 million. 

Loss from Operations 

Loss from operations was 30.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 19.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

Other income (expense), net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was
a net other income of 0.1 million as compared to a net other expense of 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Other income
(expense), net for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflected the net interest income on short-term investments. Other income (expense),
net for the year ended December 31, 2021 included interest expense of 0.9 million related to the accrual of interest and amortization
of debt discounts on the convertible promissory notes and 1.6 million related to the change in the fair value of warrant liability, which
were partially offset by 0.1 million related to the change in fair value of the derivative liability and forgiveness of the Paycheck
Protection Program Loan of 0.4 million. 

Net Loss 

As a result of the foregoing, net loss was 30.3
million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 21.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents
 10.8 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company used 24.9 million of cash in our operating activities. Our cash and
short-term investments are not expected to be sufficient to enable us to complete the development and commercialization of our first proposed
commercial product, the Evie Ring. In August 2022, we entered into an at-the-market issuance ATM agreement with B. Riley
Securities Inc., or B. Riley, to sell shares of our common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of up to 50.0 million, from time to time,
through an ATM equity offering program under which B. Riley acts as sales agent. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
sold an aggregate of 810,400 shares of common stock through the ATM program for proceeds of approximately 2.2 million,
net of commissions paid. Approximately 47.7 million remains available on the ATM equity offering program at December 31, 2022.
We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for at least the next several years. We anticipate
that our expenses will increase substantially as we: 

advance the engineering design and development of the Evie Ring and
other potential products; 

prepare applications required for marketing approval of the Evie Ring
in the United States; 

develop our plans for manufacturing, distributing and marketing the
Evie Ring and other potential products; and 

add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development, planned commercialization efforts and our operation as a public company. 

38 

Until we can generate a sufficient amount of revenue
from our products, if ever, we expect to finance future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or corporate
collaborations and licensing arrangements. Additional funds may not be available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us,
or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research
or development programs or our commercialization efforts or it may become impossible for us to remain in operation. To the extent that
we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience additional dilution, and debt financing, if available,
may involve restrictive covenants. To the extent that we raise additional funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, it
may be necessary to relinquish some rights to our technologies or applications or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to
us. We may seek to access the public or private capital markets whenever conditions are favorable, even if we do not have an immediate
need for additional capital at that time. 

These circumstances raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial
statements are issued. Our consolidated financial statements do not include adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets and
liabilities that may be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern depends
on our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity or debt securities to support our future operations. 

The following table summarizes our cash flows
for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (24,902 
 (16,183 
 
 Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 
 15,724 
 (16,699 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 2,262 
 44,847 
 
 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (6,916 
 11,965 

Operating Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
used cash of 24.9 million in operating activities, as compared to 16.2 million used in operating activities during the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

The 24.9 million used in operating activities
during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to our net loss of 30.3 million and changes in our operating assets
and liabilities totaling 2.1 million. These items were offset by non-cash items, including stock-based compensation of 3.1 million,
depreciation of 0.1 million and accretion of discount on short-term investments of 0.1 million. 

The 16.2 million used in operating activities
during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to our net loss of 21.8 million during the year and changes in
our operating assets and liabilities totaling 1.3 million. These items were offset by non-cash items, including depreciation and
amortization of 0.1 million, stock-based compensation of 1.9 million, accretion of the debt discount on our convertible promissory
notes of 0.8 million, the forgiveness of our PPP loan of 0.4 million, accrued interest on our convertible promissory notes
of 0.1 million, accretion of discount on short-term investments of 0.2 million, compensation of nonemployee services upon
the issuance of common stock of 0.1 million, the change in the fair value of the derivative liability of 0.1 million and the
change in the fair value of the warrant liability of 1.6 million. 

39 

Investing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company
was provided cash of 15.7 million in investing activities, consisting of 15.8 million in maturities of short-term investments and offset
by 0.1 million for the purchase of office and laboratory equipment. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company
used cash of 16.7 million in investing activities, consisting of 23.6 million in purchases of marketable securities and 0.6 million
for the purchase of office and laboratory equipment, offset by maturities of short-term investments of 7.5 million. 

Financing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company was provided cash of 2.3 million from financing activities, comprised of 2.3 million from the issuance of common stock. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
was provided cash of 44.8 million from financing activities, comprised of 44.7 million from the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and 0.1 million from the issuance of common stock. 

Funding Requirements 

We anticipate that, excluding non-recurring items,
we will continue to generate annual losses for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of our Evie Ring and other products
in development. We will require additional capital to fund our operations, to complete our ongoing and planned clinical studies, to commercialize
our products, to continue investing in and to further develop our general infrastructure, and such funding may not be available to us
on acceptable terms or at all. 

If we are unable to raise additional capital in
sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce the scope of, or terminate one or more of
our clinical studies, research and development programs, or our future commercialization efforts. 

Our future funding requirements will depend on
many factors, including the following: 

the scope, rate of progress, results and cost of our product development and clinical testing; 

the cost of manufacturing our products in development and any products that we may develop in the future; 

the number and characteristics of the potential products that we pursue; 

the cost, timing, and outcomes of regulatory approvals; and 

the magnitude and extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business operations and operating results, as described in Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business. 

We expect to satisfy future cash needs through
existing capital balances, through some combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, licensing arrangements, and
other marketing and distribution arrangements. Please see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business. 

Contractual Obligations 

Material contractual obligations arising in the
normal course of business primarily consist of operating leases. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for amounts outstanding
for operating leases on December 31, 2022. 

Off-Balance Sheet Transactions 

At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have
any transactions, obligations or relationships that could be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Non-cancelable Obligations 

The Company also had approximately 0.4 million
of non-cancelable contractual commitments as of December 31, 2022, primarily related to its vendor arrangements. These commitments are
generally due within one to ten months. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

40 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Moss Adams LLP, San Francisco, California, PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

Movano Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Movano
Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks.
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

, California 

March 30, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

F- 2 

Movano Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Payroll tax credit, current portion 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Payroll tax credit, noncurrent portion 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities: 

Early exercised stock option liability 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 3 

Movano Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Loss 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Research and development 

Sales, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program Loan 

Interest and other income, net 

Other income (expense), net 

Net loss 

Accretion and dividends on redeemable convertible preferred stock 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities 

Total comprehensive loss 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted

Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

Movano Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

(in thousands, except share data) 

Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

Additional 
 Accumulated 
Other 
 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Series A 
 Series B 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Stock-based compensation 

Accretion of Series A and Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 

Vesting of early exercised stock options 

Reclassification of negative additional paid-in capital 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering 

Issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of issuance costs 

Issuance of underwriter warrants upon initial public offering 

Reclassification of liability-classified warrants upon initial public offering 

Conversion of convertible promissory notes and accrued interest upon initial public offering 

Issuance of common stock for nonemployee services 

Beneficial conversion feature upon issuance of convertible promissory note 

Other comprehensive loss 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of options 

Vesting of early exercised stock options 

Other comprehensive income 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

Movano Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loan 

Stock-based compensation 

Noncash lease expense 

Accretion of debt discount on convertible promissory notes 

Accrued interest on convertible promissory notes 

Accretion of discount on short-term investments 

Non-employee services under convertible promissory notes 

Compensation of non-employee services upon issuance of common stock 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Payroll tax credit 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Other current and noncurrent liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Purchases of short-term investments 

Maturities of short-term investments 

Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of common stock - net of issuance costs 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from issuance of shares upon Initial Public Offering - net of issuance costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Accretion of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock 

Accretion of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering 

Reclassification of liability-classified warrants upon initial public offering 

Issuance of underwriter warrants upon initial public offering 

Issuance of convertible promissory notes for completion of non-employee services 

Beneficial conversion feature upon issuance of convertible promissory note 

Conversion of convertible promissory notes upon initial public offering 

Vesting of common stock issued upon early exercise 

Issuance of common stock for non-employee services 

Reclassification of deferred offering costs upon initial public offering 

Property and equipment purchases in other current liabilities 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

Movano Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of common stock at a price to the public of per share, including the full exercise of the
underwriters option to purchase additional shares. The IPO closed on March 25, 2021 and the underwriters exercised their overallotment
option as of March 25, 2021, as a result of which the Company raised net proceeds of million after deducting million in underwriting
discounts, commissions, and expenses and million in offering expenses paid by the Company. National Securities Corporation NSC was the underwriter for the IPO, and also received a warrant related to the IPO, which is discussed in Note 11. No portion of the net
proceeds from the IPO were used for payments made by the Company to its directors or officers or persons owning ten percent or more of
its common stock or to their associates, or to the Company s affiliates, other than payments in the ordinary course of business
to officers for salaries and to nonemployee directors as compensation for board or board committee service. 

million underwritten
public offering of shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, including the
full exercise of the underwriter's overallotment option. The warrants were offered at the rate of one warrant for every shares of
purchased common stock and are exercisable at a price per share of . The public offering price per share, before the underwriters'
discount and commissions, for each share of common stock and accompanying warrant was . The net proceeds from the offering were
approximately million (See Note 16). 

million from an at-the-market issuance program, and an aggregate offering
price amount of approximately million remains available to be issued. (See Note 10.) The Company expects to require additional
financing to fund its future planned operations, including research and development and commercialization of its products. The Company
will likely raise additional capital through the issuance of equity, borrowings, or strategic alliances with partner companies. However,
if such financing is not available at adequate levels, the Company would need to reevaluate its operating plans. 

million as of December 31, 2022.
The Company anticipates incurring additional losses until such time, if ever, that it can generate significant sales. The Company s
existence is dependent upon management s ability to obtain additional funding sources. These circumstances raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. 

F- 7 

segment. The Company s chief operating decision maker is the Chief Executive Officer. 

and insignificant during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 8 

million. The Company has not experienced any losses related to this account
and believes the associated credit risk to be minimal due to the financial condition of the depository institutions in which those deposits
are held. 

shares of common stock. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

and ROU assets of as of January 1, 2022. The difference between the ROU assets and
lease liabilities represents the net book value of deferred rent recognized as of December 31, 2021, which was adjusted against the ROU
asset upon adoption. The ROU asset is included in other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. At adoption, operating
lease liabilities of and , respectively, were included in other current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities
on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

F- 11 

F- 12 

Total cash equivalents 

Total cash equivalents 

Short-term investments: 

Certificates of deposit 

Commercial paper 

Corporate notes 

Municipal bonds 

Total short-term investments 

Money market funds 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments: 

Certificates of deposit 

Commercial paper 

Corporate notes 

Municipal bonds 

Total short-term investments 

F- 13 

Commercial paper 

Corporate notes 

Municipal bonds 

Total short-term investments 

Software 

Test equipment 

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

and , respectively. 

F- 14 

Accrued severance payment 

Accrued research and development 

Accrued vacation 

Lease liabilities, current portion 

Other 

Total other current liabilities 

under
the PPP (the PPP Loan ). The interest rate on the PPP Loan was and the term was , with a deferral of payments
for from the date of origination. On May 7, 2020, the Company elected to repay the PPP loan in full until further guidance
was provided by the SBA on the loan origination and eligibility requirements. On May 27, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory
note with Silicon Valley Bank evidencing an unsecured loan in the aggregate amount of approximately , with all other terms the
same as the prior loan. Beginning eleven months from the date of the PPP Loan, the Company was required to make monthly payments of principal
and interest. The promissory note evidencing the PPP Loan contained customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment
defaults or breaching the terms of the PPP Loan documents. The occurrence of an event of default may result in the repayment of all amounts
outstanding, collection of all amounts owing from the Company, or filing suit and obtaining judgment against the Company. The PPP Loan
was repayable at any time by the Company without prepayment penalties. 

F- 15 

million from the issuance of subordinated convertible
promissory notes Convertible Notes to investors. The Convertible Notes accrued interest at per year and the principal
balance of the Convertible Notes, plus all accrued interest would have been due on (the Maturity Date ). 

Automatic
 Conversion Change of Control (defined as consolidation or merger of the Company or transfer of a majority of share ownership
 or disposition of substantially all assets of the Company) 

Automatic
 Conversion Maturity Date 

Automatic
 Conversion IPO 

F- 16 

. 

were issued to nonemployees in exchange for services. As of December 31, 2020, future services
of of the original had not been fully completed. A portion of those services that had been completed were recorded as
a component of other noncurrent liabilities of at December 31, 2020. 

were completed, which were recorded as a component
of other noncurrent liabilities. In connection with the IPO, a Convertible Note for was issued for nonemployee services and
the of the nonemployee services that remained to be completed was recorded in prepaid assets and other current expenses on the
consolidated balance sheet. The Company calculated a BCF of approximately upon the issuance of this Convertible Note. 

and warrants to purchase common stock, to a noteholder and its
brokers, respectively. The warrants have a five-year life and are initially exercisable into common stock at per share. (See Note
11 Common Stock Warrants for fair value computation and discussion of the change in the exercise price). During March 2021,
 of these warrants to purchase common stock were cancelled. 

and , respectively. 

Accordingly,
subsequent changes in the fair value of these redemption features are measured at each reporting period and recognized in the consolidated
statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

million from the accretion of those debt discounts, respectively. 

F- 17 

by the total number of Common Stock Equivalents immediately prior to the closing of the IPO. The outstanding principal million)
and interest due million) under the Convertible Notes, in an aggregate amount of million, was converted into 
shares of the Company s common stock at the implied per share conversion of . The carrying value of the Convertible Notes
was credited to common stock and additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet. The remaining unamortized discount of
 million was recorded to additional paid-in capital and no gain or loss was recognized on the conversion. The remaining unamortized
discount related to the BCF of million was recognized immediately as interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations
and comprehensive loss. 

million in the consolidated
statement of operations and comprehensive loss, and the derivative liability was extinguished. 

() 

million. The accretion to the carrying value of the Series B preferred stock was recorded as a charge to additional paid
in capital. The accumulated accretion as of the IPO date was million, which resulted in an adjusted Series B preferred
stock carrying value of million. 

million, which resulted in an adjusted Series A preferred stock carrying value of million. 

shares of common stock and no shares of redeemable convertible
preferred stock remain outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 

The
significant rights and preferences of the preferred stock will be established by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board upon issuance of any such series of preferred stock in the future. 

F- 18 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share, and and shares
were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

shares of the Company s common stock. 

million, was converted into shares of the Company s common stock. 

shares
of common stock at par value of per share. Dividends may be declared and paid on the common stock when and if determined by the
Board of Directors. Upon liquidation, each common stockholder is entitled to receive an equal portion of the distribution. Each holder
of common stock will have vote in respect of each share of common stock held. The rights and privileges listed above will be subject
to preferential rights of any then outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

shares of common stock for nonemployee services valued at . 

(the Shares ).
Sales of Shares, if any, may be made by means of transactions that are deemed to be at the market offerings as defined
in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, including block trades, ordinary brokers transactions on the Nasdaq Capital Market or otherwise
at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices or by any other
method permitted by law. 

shares of common stock through the Issuance Agreement at a weighted-average public
offering price of per share and received net proceeds of million. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate offering
price amount of approximately million remains available to be issued and sold under the Issuance Agreement. 

F- 19 

Stock options outstanding 

Stock options available for future grants 

Total 

shares of common stock were issued to the Company s
founder at inception pursuant to a Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement. The Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement stipulates that in the
event of the voluntary or involuntary termination of the Company s founder s continuous service status for any reason (including
death or disability), with or without cause, the Company or its assignees(s) shall have an option Repurchase Option to
repurchase all or any portion of the shares held by the Purchaser as of the termination date which have not yet been released from the
Company s Repurchase Option at the original purchase price of per share. Shares are to be released from the Repurchase Option
over four years. The initial 12/48ths of the shares were released on January 30, 2019, and an additional 1/48th of the shares are
being released monthly thereafter. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no and of the shares issued to the Company s founder
remain subject to the Repurchase Option, respectively. These shares were originally purchased by the Company s founder at 
per share. 

shares of common stock were also issued pursuant
to a Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement. The holders of these shares are considered related parties of the Company because the holders
are directly related either to the founder or to the former legal counsel of the Company. The same terms described above apply to these
issuances. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no and of the shares issued to these holders remain subject to the Repurchase
Option, respectively. These shares were originally purchased by the holders at per share. 

F- 20 

shares of common stock were issued upon the early exercise of common stock options. 

and for and shares that remain unvested, respectively.
The weighted average remaining vesting period at December 31, 2022 is approximately years. 

The Preferred A Placement Warrants included an adjustment provision pursuant to which upon completion of the IPO, and the conversion
of the Series A preferred stock in connection therewith, the number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants was adjusted
to be equal to of the aggregate number of common stock shares issued by the Company upon conversion of shares of Series A
preferred stock (the Preferred A Adjustment Provision ). In August 2019, the Preferred A Placement Warrants were
amended and reissued and the total number of warrant shares increased to . 

. As a result, on August 28, 2019, the Company elected to amend and reissue the
Preferred A Placement Warrants, thereby reducing the exercise price to and increasing the number of warrant shares by 
to a total of warrant shares. 

shares of common stock. 

warrants for common stock were issued to advisors to the Company at a weighted average exercise
price of per share. The resulting fair value of the warrants for common stock is not significant. 

shares of its common stock to NSC, Newbridge Securities Corporation, and five individuals
at LVP. The Preferred B Placement Warrants have a term of and their exercise price is equal to , the conversion
price of Series B preferred stock. The Preferred B Placement Warrants included an adjustment provision pursuant to which upon
completion of the IPO, and the conversion of the Series B preferred stock in connection therewith, the number of shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants was adjusted to be equal to of the aggregate number of common stock shares issued by the Company upon
conversion of shares of Series B preferred stock (the Preferred B Adjustment Provision ). 

shares of common stock. 

F- 21 

and warrants to purchase common stock, to a noteholder and its
brokers, respectively. The warrants have a five-year life and were initially exercisable into common stock at per share with the
warrants ultimately being exercisable into common stock at the final Conversion Price of the Convertible Notes. When the Convertible
Notes converted at the IPO date as described in Note 8, the exercise price of the warrants was adjusted to equal the Conversion
Price, which is . During March 2021, of these warrants to purchase common stock were cancelled. 

of the shares of common stock sold in the IPO or shares.
The warrant is exercisable at per share and has a -year term. 

Preferred A Lead Investor Warrants 

Preferred B Placement Warrants 

Convertible Notes Placement Warrants 

Underwriter Warrants 

March and April 2018 and August 2019 
 1.40

February 2021 
 0.0125

April 2019 
 2.10

August 2020 
 2.57

March 2021 
 6.00

F- 22 

Preferred B Placement Warrants 

Convertible Notes Placement Warrants 

F- 23 

years 
 
 Preferred B Placement Warrants 

years 
 
 Convertible Note Placement Warrants 

years 

million was reclassified to additional paid-in capital. 

years 

F- 24 

shares of the Company s common stock to employees, directors, and consultants
and replaces the previous plan. The Board or a committee of the Board has the authority to determine the amount, type, and terms of each
award. The options granted under the 2019 Plan generally have a contractual term of ten years and a vesting term of four years with
a one-year cliff. The exercise price for options granted under the 2019 Plan must generally be at least equal to of the fair
value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant, as determined by the Board. The incentive stock options granted under
the 2019 Plan to or greater stockholders must have an exercise price at least equal to of the fair value of the Company s
common stock at the date of grant, as determined by the Board, and have a contractual term of . 

to
 . 

to . On June 21, 2022, the stockholders approved this increase. 

shares available for future grant under the 2019 Plan. 

shares
of the Company s common stock have been reserved for issuance under the Inducement Plan. 

shares available for future grant under the Inducement Plan. 

years 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

years 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

years 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

years 

Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

years 

F- 25 

and per share, respectively. During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and options were exercised for proceeds of and million, respectively.
The fair value of the and options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately
 million and million, respectively. 

options to the Company s founder at an exercise price of per share. The options will vest in full upon the shipment
of product units on or before June 30, 2023. If the shipments have not occurred by June 30, 2023, the options will be cancelled
and forfeited. For year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has not recognized stock compensation expense of approximately million
related to this award as the successful achievement of the performance conditions is not yet probable. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected life 
 years 
 years 

Sales, general and administrative 

million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

F- 26 

months, and the
base rent is approximately per month for the first twelve months, with subsequent escalation provisions for future months. The
Company paid a security deposit of approximately . 

months from the expansion commencement date of June 23, 2022. The base rent is approximately
 per month for the first twelve months, with subsequent escalation provisions for future months. The Company paid an additional
security deposit of approximately . 

and corresponding lease liabilities of for the one operating lease of the Company at the adoption date. 

Operating lease liabilities - Short-term 

Operating lease liabilities - Long-term 

Other Information: 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the year ended 

Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases (in years) 

Average discount rate - operating lease 

F- 27 

2024 

2025 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Total operating lease liability 

and , respectively. 

F- 28 

Valuation allowance 

Changes in stock-based compensation, fair value of warrants and derivative liability and interest expense for convertible promissory notes 

Other 

Effective tax rate 

Research and development credit carryforward 

Capitalized research and development 

Accrued bonus 

Stock-based compensation 

Lease liabilities 

Other 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

Right-of-use assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

F- 29 

and 
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million and million, respectively, all of which do
not expire. The net operating loss carryforwards may be available to offset future taxable income for income tax purposes. 

and , respectively.
The federal R D credits begin to expire in 2039. 

and , respectively. The California R D credits do
not expire. 

for domestic expenses and years for foreign expenses. 

over a three-year period. If an ownership change
has occurred, or were to occur, utilization of the Company s NOLs and credit carryovers could be restricted. 

likelihood of being sustained. No liability related to uncertain
tax positions is recorded in the financial statements. 

and , respectively, related
to Federal and California R D credits. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits, which, if
recognized would affect the Company s effective tax rate due to the full valuation allowance. The Company s policy is to
classify interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of the income tax provision (benefit) in the statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company had no accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of December
31, 2022. 

Gross Increases - Tax Position in Prior Periods 

Gross Increases - Tax Position in Current Period 

Ending Balance 

F- 30 

Accretion and dividends on redeemable convertible preferred stock 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted

Shares subject to options to purchase common stock 

Shares subject to warrants to purchase common stock 

Total 

and shares of common stock, respectively, are not included in in the table above
or considered in the calculation of diluted earnings per share until the performance conditions of the option award are considered probable
by the Company. 

million underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase up to shares of common
stock, including the full exercise of the underwriter's overallotment option. The warrants were offered at the rate of one warrant for
every shares of purchased common stock and are exercisable at a price per share of and expire after the date
of issuance. Beginning on the one-year anniversary of the close of the offering, all outstanding warrants may be redeemed at the option
of the Company, in whole or in part on a pro-rata basis, at the redemption price of per warrant, provided that 
The public offering price per share, before the underwriters' discount and commissions, for each share of common stock and accompanying
warrant was . All of the securities in the underwritten public offering were sold by the Company. The warrants will not be listed
on any securities exchange or other nationally recognized trading system. The net proceeds from the offering were approximately 
million. 

shares of common stock, at an exercise price of per share. 

Preferred
A Placement Warrants to extend the maturity date by six months for each warrant and to remove the cashless exercise provision in the warrant
agreements. 

common stock option awards at a weighted average exercise price of and proceeds
of million. 

shares of common stock and to non-executive employees for a total of shares of
common stock. The exercise price is per share. 

shares of common stock under the ATM equity offering program at a weighted average price of per share for gross proceeds of approximately
 million. 

shares of common stock expired. 

F- 31 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the period covered by this report,
management performed, with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial officers, an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and
procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on the evaluation, our principal executive and principal financial officers concluded
that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had a material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting, as described below. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the company s annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Management has identified the following material
weakness at December 31, 2022: ineffective design and operation of our financial close and reporting controls. Specifically, we did not
design and maintain effective controls over certain account reviews and analyses and certain information technology general controls.
The material weakness did not result in any identified misstatements to the consolidated financial statements and there were no changes
in previously released financial results. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the
Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management
and board of directors regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our consolidated financial
statements would be prevented or detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation and presentation. 

Management conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

A material weakness is
a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management
identified the following material weakness as of December 31, 2022: ineffective design and operation of our financial close and reporting
controls. Specifically, we did not design and maintain effective controls over certain account reviews and analyses and certain information
technology general controls. The material weakness did not result in any identified misstatements to the consolidated financial statements
and there were no changes in previously released financial results. Because of this material weakness, management concluded that the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our internal
control over financial reporting due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) under the Exchange Act during the year
ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

Not applicable. 

Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

41 

PART
III 

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to our 2023 annual meeting
of stockholders. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to our 2023 annual meeting
of stockholders. 

Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters. 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to our 2023 annual meeting
of stockholders. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to our 2023 annual meeting
of stockholders. 

Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to our 2023 annual meeting
of stockholders. 

42 

PART
IV 

Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statements and Schedules 

(a) List
of documents filed as part of this report: 

1. Financial
Statements (see Financial Statements and Supplementary Data at Item 8 and incorporated herein by reference). 

2. Financial
Statement Schedules (Schedules to the Financial Statements have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein
is not applicable or is shown in the accompanying Financial Statements or notes thereto) 

3. Exhibit
Index (The exhibits required to be filed as a part of this Report are listed in the Exhibit Index). 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 SEC File/ Registration Number 
 
 3.1 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 

8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 March 25, 2021 
 
 001-40254 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 

8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 March 25, 2021 
 
 001-40254 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
Certificate representing shares of common stock of the Registrant 

S-1/A 
 
 4.1 
 
 March 10, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Underwriter Warrant 

S-1/A 
 
 4.2 
 
 March 10, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to the placement agent in the Registrant s 2018 private placement offering 

S-1 
 
 4.3 
 
 February 2, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to the placement agent in the Registrant s 2019 private placement offering 

S-1 
 
 4.4 
 
 February 2, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued in 2020 

S-1 
 
 4.6 
 
 February 2, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 4.6 
 
 Description of Common Stock of the Registrant Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

10-K 
 
 4.6 
 
 March 30, 2022 
 
 001-40254 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock 

8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 January 31, 2023 
 
 001-40254 
 
 4.8 
 
 Warrant Agent Agreement, dated January 31, 2023, by and between the Company and Pacific Stock Transfer Company 

8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 January 31, 2023 
 
 001-40254 
 
 10.1 
 
 Movano Inc. Amended and Restated 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

S-1/A 
 
 10.1 
 
 March 10, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

S-1 
 
 10.2 
 
 February 2, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 10.3 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 

10-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 March 30, 2022 
 
 001-40254 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers 

S-1 
 
 10.4 
 
 February 2, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 10.5 
 
 Offer Letter, dated November 29, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Michael Leabman 

S-1 
 
 10.5 
 
 February 2, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 10.6 
 
 Offer Letter, dated November 29, 2019, by and between the Registrant and J. Cogan 

S-1 
 
 10.7 
 
 February 2, 2021 
 
 333-252671 

43 

10.7 
 
 Form of 2020 Note Purchase Agreement 

S-1 
 
 10.16 
 
 February 2, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Lead Investor Agreement, dated August 27, 2020, between the Registrant and Maestro Venture Partners, LLC 

S-1 
 
 10.17 
 
 February 2, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 10.9 
 
 Offer Letter, dated February 8, 2021, by and between the Registrant and John Mastrototaro 

S-1/A 
 
 10.17 
 
 March 10, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 10.10 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Letter Agreement, dated February 10, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Michael Leabman 

S-1/A 
 
 10.18 
 
 March 10, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 10.11 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Letter Agreement, dated February 10, 2021, by and between the Registrant and J. Cogan 

S-1/A 
 
 10.20 
 
 March 10, 2021 
 
 333-252671 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Movano Inc. Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2022) 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 June 22, 2022 
 
 001-40254 
 
 10.13 
 
 At the Market Issuance Agreement, dated August 15, 2022 by and between the Company, as issuer, and B. Riley Securities, Inc. as sale agent 

10-Q 
 
 1.1 
 
 August 15, 2022 
 
 001-40254 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 x 

23.1 
 
 Consent
of Moss Adams, LLP 
 
 x 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 
 
 x 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 x 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 x 

32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 x 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Management contract or
 compensatory plan or arrangement 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Movano, Inc. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Mastrototaro 

John
Mastrototaro 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY AND SIGNATURES 

We,
the undersigned officers and directors of Movano, Inc., hereby severally constitute and appoint John Mastrototaro our true and lawful
attorney, with full power to him to sign for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below, any amendments to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, and generally to do all things in our names and on our behalf in such capacities to enable Movano, Inc. to comply
with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all the requirements of the Securities Exchange Commission. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 John Mastrototaro 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 John Mastrototaro 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 J. Cogan 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 J. Cogan 
 
 (Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Emily
 Wang Fairbairn 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Emily Wang Fairbairn 

/s/ Brian
 Cullinan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Brian Cullinan 

/s/ Rub n
 Caballero 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Rub n Caballero 

/s/ Michael
 Leabman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Michael Leabman 

/s/ Nan Kirsten Forte 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Nan Kirsten Forte 

45 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_movanoinc.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF MOVANO INC. 

Registrant s consolidated
subsidiaries are shown below, together with the state or jurisdiction of organization of each subsidiary and the percentage of voting
securities that Registrant owns in each subsidiary. 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or 
Organization 
 
 Percent of 
Outstanding 
Voting Securities 
Owned as of 
December 31, 2022 

Movano Ireland Limited 
 
 Ireland 

100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_movanoinc.htm
 CONSENT OF MOSS ADAMS, LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
on Form S-3 (No. 333-264116) and Form S-8 (No. 333-258938 and No. 333-266876) of Movano Inc. (the Company ), of our
report dated March 30, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company (which report expresses an unqualified opinion
and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to a going concern uncertainty) appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the
Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Moss Adams LLP 

San Francisco, California 

 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_movanoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, John Mastrototaro, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Movano Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ John Mastrototaro 

Name: 
 John Mastrototaro 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_movanoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, J. Cogan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Movano Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ J. Cogan 

Name: 
 J. Cogan 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_movanoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Movano Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Report ), we, John Mastrototaro, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and J. Cogan, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
to our knowledge that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Movano Inc. and will be retained by Movano Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

/s/ John Mastrototaro 
 
 /s/ J. Cogan 
 
 Name: 
 John Mastrototaro 
 
 Name: 
 J. Cogan 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 move-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 move-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 move-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 move-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 move-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

