<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230321_10-K_edgar_data_1847345_0001410578-23-000316.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4338031</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>257093</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>767093</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1273315</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>880973</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1080857</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000316.hdr.sgml : 20230321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230321161038
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000316
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PowerUp Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847345
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41293
		FILM NUMBER:		23749820

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 BROADWAY, FLOOR 3
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-704-8527

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 BROADWAY, FLOOR 3
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10038

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PowsedrUp Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210222

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000316.txt : 20230321

10-K
 1
 pwup-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code : Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Auditor PCAOB ID Number: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: , New York The aggregate market value of the voting stock (ordinary shares) held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the close of business on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately based on the closing sale price of the Class A ordinary shares on the Nasdaq Global Market on that date. The registrant does not have any non-voting common equity. As of March 20, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I Item 1. Business. 6 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 22 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 25 Item 2. Properties. 25 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 25 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 25 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 26 Item 6. Reserved. 26 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 26 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 31 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 31 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 31 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 31 Item 9B. Other Information. 32 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 32 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 33 Item 11. Executive Compensation 38 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 38 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 40 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 41 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 42 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 44 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CERTAIN TERMS Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the context otherwise requires, references to: amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association adopted on February 17, 2022; AST are to American Stock Transfer Trust Company, our transfer agent, trustee of our trust account (as defined below) and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); board of directors or board are to the board of directors of the Company; Companies Act are to the Companies Act (2021 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; Extension Period are to any extended time that we have to consummate a business combination beyond May 23, 2023 as a result of a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination; FINRA are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; initial business combination are to a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; initial public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on February 23, 2022; initial shareholders are to the holders of our founder shares immediately prior to our initial public offering; Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; management or our management team are to our officers and directors; Marcum are to Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Global Market; ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); placement warrants are to the 9,763,333 redeemable warrants purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders to the extent our initial shareholders purchase public shares; provided that our initial shareholders status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; public warrants are to our warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; Sponsor is to PowerUp Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; trust account are to the trust account in which an amount of 294,687,500 10.25 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and a portion of the net proceeds of the sale of the placement warrants was placed following the closing of our initial public offering; units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant; warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and the private placement warrants; and we, us, our, Company or our company are to PowerUp Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; our ability to complete our initial business combination; our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or our financial performance. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited, to those factors described under Item 1A of this Report under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on February 9, 2021, as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities related to our initial public offering and our search for a suitable target for a potential business combination. We have generated no operating revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we consummate our initial business combination. While we may pursue an initial business combination with a company in any business, industry, sector or geographic location, we are concentrating our efforts on pursuing an acquisition opportunity within the interactive media, digital media, sports, entertainment, and/or leisure, with a particular focus on video gaming, gaming adjacent, and new metaverse video gaming businesses. However, we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector (subject to certain limitations described in this prospectus). Initial Public Offering On February 23, 2022, we consummated our initial public offering of 28,750,000 units. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 287,500,000. Prior to the closing of our initial public offering, the underwriters for our initial public offering exercised their over-allotment option in full. Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 9,763,333 warrants at a purchase price of 1.50 per warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 14,645,000. A total of 294,687,500, comprised of the proceeds from the initial public offering after offering expenses and a portion of the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants, was placed in the trust account maintained by AST, acting as trustee. We must complete our initial business combination by May 23, 2023 (or by the end of any Extension Period). If our initial business combination is not consummated by May 23, 2023 (or by the end of any Extension Period if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies wishing to conduct business outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Law. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations shall apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. Our Leadership Our management team and board consist of seasoned industry executives that possess deep collective understanding of interactive media, digital media, sports, entertainment, and leisure, as well as the evolution of these sectors and market opportunities. Target Industry Overview We believe that many of the world s most popular entertainment experiences and franchises are in gaming, and the category is intertwined with, and helps drive, other types of media e.g. , film and TV, sports, and music). In fact, according to IDC, the 203 billion 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 game industry is the fastest growing part of the global media and entertainment industry and has grown 19 in 2020. IDC also reports that mobile gaming represents approximately half of the category and grew 22 year-over-year. Globally, there are close to 2.7 billion gamers, a number growing 5-6 per annum, and nearly 40 of gamers are over the age of 35. This user base is also highly engaged. As many as 60 play daily, with the average player playing for over six hours a week, according to the ESA and Limelight Networks, respectively. The industry is expected to sustain a compound annual growth rate of 9 from 2019 to 2022. We anticipate that players, playtime per player, and spend per player will all increase. Gaming and Gaming Adjacent Industry Trends The gaming vertical is incredibly rich and diverse, spanning game studios, publishers, technology and infrastructure providers, and many other adjacencies including training, esports, betting, player networks, matchmaking, etc. Our core themes are as follows: Social Games Without Game-Like Objectives: We believe that the most popular gaming experiences today are focused not on game-like objectives such as win , shoot , kill , score or defeat , but on non-game-like ones such as share , create , express , build and identify . Among the best-selling games on Nintendo Switch, Animal Crossing New Horizons has sold more units (31 million) than The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild (21 million) or Super Mario Odyssey (20 million). Among Us , a social deduction game, had 500 million active players in November 2020, even though its developer, Innersloth, has a small team of employees. Multiplayer Games: We believe that these titles benefit from powerful network effects that drive player stickiness, spending, and engagement time. In success, a multiplayer game can reach tens of millions of players per month for years and generate a series of spinoffs. Multiplayer gaming technology and infrastructure: As multiplayer and social games become more global, cross-platform, capable, important and lucrative, we believe the technologies required to support them will become more critical, differentiated and valuable. Games with Rich User Economies: We anticipate that titles will continue to benefit from virtual economies, marketplaces, and user-generated content toolsets. We believe that, even with smaller user bases, games with rich user economies can be highly profitable and grow both quickly and enormously. Cross-Platforms Tools: Engines, toolsets, and other technologies that allow for amateur or independent developers to more easily, efficiently, and profitably create games. Cloud Gaming: Game delivery technologies, from arcade to PC, console, mobile, and AR have unlocked billions of dollars in new user-spend and created brand new studios, publishers, intellectual property and supporting technology companies. NewZoo estimates that cloud gaming market revenue will rise from 585 million in 2020 to 4.8 billion by 2023. Video Game Broadcasting: The live streaming of video game related content has gained significant traction in recent years, growing exponentially due to platforms such as Twitch (Amazon) and YouTube (Google). According to Streamlabs, nearly 7.5 billion hours of streamed gaming content was watched globally in Q3 20 alone, representing growth of 91.8 , year over year. We anticipate that this will lead to brand new experiences, brands, and companies. 
 Metaverse The trends described above demonstrate the continuing evolution of the video game industry and video game adjacencies towards a more integrated digital economy. Three extremely important metaverse sectors for PowerUp to explore are Virtual Platforms, Payments, and Content, Services, and Assets. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 It is already clear that Web3 infrastructure will play a major role in the future of games, with new ways to trade and own in-game assets and create true user owned and managed economies. Many new companies, growing as rapidly as blockchain games, will emerge to service the metaverse. Tim Sweeney, the founder and CEO of Epic Games, believes the metaverse has the potential to be a multi-trillion-dollar part of the world economy. This past year blockchain based games like Axie Infinity 30B Coin market cap), Dapper Labs with NBA Top Shot, and NFT communities like Bored Ape Yacht Club and CryptoPunks have commanded the collective consciousness of tech, gaming, and beyond. In Q3 2021 NFT growth exploded and there is still much room to grow as only 280,000 people in the world trade NFTs. That equates to just 0.01 of gamers across the world. Among the specific elements driving the Q3 NFT surge were Axie infinity, NBA Top Shot, and digital art (e.g. Bored Apes, CryptoPunks and ArtBlocks), as well as celebrities and athletes with their own NFT collections. We believe these industries provide significant incremental opportunities to explore. Emergen Research estimates the metaverse market size at 48 billion in 2020 growing at a 43 CAGR to 829 billion by 2028 and Grand View Research estimates the global blockchain technology market to reach 395 billion by 2028 based on a CAGR of 82 from 2021 to 2028. As these emerging trends drive incremental revenue and growth in the market, our potential targets could benefit as well. Acquisition Criteria We have established the criteria and guidelines listed below in accordance with our strategy, which we believe are important in evaluating prospective targets. However, may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. Competitive Position: The target company has a defensible market position in relation to their competitors. This defensibility may come from technology, brand, intellectual property, scale, or talent, among other attributes. Management Team: The management team of the target company can execute on compelling growth strategies and/or recruit talented individuals to help execute the business strategy. Inflection Point: The target company is at an inflection point, and the expertise of our management team combined with capital can improve financial performance. Unrecognized Value: The target company is undervalued relative to market comps and/or as evaluated by our management team of seasoned public company officers and experts. In addition, our management team believes we can help the target company evaluate and improve its strategy and corporate governance, leading to successful value creation and re-valuation. Growth: The target company is in a position to increase its growth rates, whether organically or inorganically, and our management team can help to accelerate that growth through supporting innovation of additional products or services or advising on strategic transactions. Scalable Platform: The target company participates in markets of sufficient scale with the potential to achieve meaningful scale after the initial business combination, organically or through add-on acquisitions. Risk-Adjusted Return: We believe that an acquisition of the target company will offer our shareholders attractive risk-adjusted returns on their investments. 
 These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet any or all of the above criteria and guidelines, we intend to disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in our prospectus dated February 17, 2022, would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials that we would file with the SEC. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Our Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct a comprehensive due diligence review. That due diligence review may include, among other things, financial statement analysis, document reviews, meetings with the target s management and other employees, consultations with relevant industry experts, competitors, customers and suppliers, as well as a review of additional information that we will seek to obtain as part of our analysis of a target company. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor or a member of our management team. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor or a member of our management team, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, intend to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Certain of our directors and officers presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Initial Business Combination So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors intends to make the determination as to fair market value of our initial business combination. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board of directors is less familiar or experienced with the target business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target s assets or prospects, including if such target is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board of directors determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. If our board of directors is unable to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we intend to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. We have also agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which we refer to as the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. If our securities are not then listed on the Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net assets test. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by enhancing a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds makes us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company , as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of the preceding second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the last business day of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of that year s second fiscal quarter. Until the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the Nasdaq will consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements. We have not utilized these exemptions and have complied with the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, our shareholders will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Financial Position With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of 283,875,000, assuming no redemptions and after payment of 10,812,500 of deferred underwriting commissions), before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the IPO. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may, although we do not currently intend to, seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, start-up companies or companies with speculative business plans or excess leverage, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination The Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. Our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of our board of directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. There is no basis for investors in the IPO to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that such additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under the Nasdaq listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: we issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering); any of our directors, officers or substantial security holder (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 1 or more (or 5 or more if the related party involved is classified as such solely because such person is a substantial security holder); or the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; other time and budget constraints of the company; and additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 
 Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities In the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 There is no limit on the number of shares such persons may purchase. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In the event our sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such transaction. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, we adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. The purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders following our mailing of proxy solicitation materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.25 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, our directors, and our officers have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares held by them, and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either prior to or upon consummation of an initial business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. In addition, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests in connection with an amendment we seek to make to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. We intend to conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless shareholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules. If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination, after payment of the deferred underwriting commission (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and file proxy solicitation materials with the SEC. We expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our Nasdaq listing or Exchange Act registration. In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy solicitation materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. We expect that at the time of any shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, our sponsor and its permitted transferees will own approximately 20.0 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of a business combination. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares , without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us, our sponsor or our management team to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management team at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights We may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC System, rather than simply voting against the initial business combination. The tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a shareholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we will have until May 23, 2023 (or until the end of any Extension Period) to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination by May 23, 2023 or by the end of any Extension Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by May 23, 2023 or by the end of any Extension Period. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our initial shareholders and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and placement shares (but will retain such rights for any public shares) they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by May 23, 2023 or by the end of any Extension Period (although the initial shareholders, and each member of our management team will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our initial shareholders and each member of our management team have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by May 23, 2023 or by the end of any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either prior to or upon consummation of an initial business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our initial shareholders, any member of our management team or any other person. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining from the funds held outside the trust account (approximately 497,259 as of December 31, 2022), together with up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.25. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.25. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that such parties will execute such agreements or, even if such parties execute such agreements, that such parties would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account for, among other things, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, the underwriters of our initial public offering and our independent registered public accounting firm have not executed agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Further, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by (A) a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or (B) a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers, directors or other affiliates will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Recourse against us and our sponsor will be limited as noted herein; there will not be any recourse against any of our affiliates other than sponsor as noted herein. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.25 per public share. We seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. However, there is no guarantee that such parties will execute such agreements or, even if such parties execute such agreements, that such parties would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account for, among other things, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to approximately 497,259 (based on the amount held outside of the trust account as of December 31, 2022) with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder. If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by May 23, 2023 or by the end of any Extension Period, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by May 23, 2023 or by the end of any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination by May 23, 2023 or by the end of any Extension Period with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess financial, technical, human and other resources greater than ours. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Human Capital Management We currently have three officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time our officers devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. We are an emerging growth company , as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of the preceding second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the last business day of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of that year s second fiscal quarter. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements in this Report are any of the risks described in our final prospectus for our initial public offering filed with the SEC and the risks described in this Report. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Report, other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus for our initial public offering filed with the SEC and declared effective by the SEC on February 17, 2022. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and liquidate the trust account. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and restrictions on the issuance of securities. In addition, we would be subject to burdensome compliance requirements, including: registration as an investment company with the SEC; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. As a result, if we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and liquidate the trust account. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete an initial business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. To that end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust account, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term, we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Certain proposed rules issued by the SEC on March 30, 2022 would provide a safe harbor for SPACs from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The duration component of the proposed safe harbor rule would require a SPAC to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that it has entered into an agreement with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the SPAC s registration statement for its initial public offering. The SPAC would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering. Although the proposed rules, including the proposed safe harbor rule, have not yet been adopted, and may be adopted in a revised form, the SEC has indicated that there are serious questions concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC that does not complete its initial business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Notwithstanding whether or not the proposed rules are adopted by the SEC, we may be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. As a SPAC, we were formed for the sole purpose of completing an initial business combination. The longer that the funds in the trust account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary of our IPO, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate. Accordingly, we will liquidate the securities held in the trust account prior to the end of the 24-month period after the effective date of our IPO registration statement, or February 17, 2024, and instead hold all funds in the trust account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation. Further, if we do not invest the proceeds held in the trust account as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, and the loss you may suffer as a result of being deemed subject to the Investment Company Act may be greater than if we liquidated the securities held in the trust account and instead held such funds in cash. We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to regulation under the Investment Company Act. However, if we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete the business combination. In such circumstances, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete the business combination and liquidate the trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period and are required to liquidate the trust account, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.40 per share (based on the amount in the trust account as of December 31, 2022), or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we are required to liquidate, you may lose all or part of your investment in the Company and our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire and become worthless. In order to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we will, prior to the end of the 24-month period after the effective date of our IPO registration statement, or February 17, 2024, instruct the Trustee to hold all funds in the trust account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of the business combination or our liquidation. Any decision to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash would likely reduce the amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation. While the funds in our trust account may only be invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, we will, prior to the end of the 24-month period after the effective date of our IPO registration statement, or February 17, 2024, instruct the trustee to hold all funds in the trust account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of the business combination or our liquidation in order to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act. Any decision to hold all funds in the trust account in cash, combined with any permitted withdrawals of interest held in the trust account to pay our taxes, would likely reduce the effective yield on the amounts in the trust account and the amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation. We may not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company since such initial business combination may be subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ), or ultimately prohibited. Certain federally licensed businesses in the United States, such as broadcasters and airlines, may be subject to rules or regulations that limit foreign ownership. In addition, CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign investment in the United States by foreign persons in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States. Were we considered to be a foreign person under such rules and regulations, any proposed business combination between us and a U.S. business engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security could be subject to such foreign ownership restrictions and/or CFIUS review. The scope of CFIUS was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA to include certain non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subject certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. If our potential initial business combination with a U.S. business falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions, we may be unable to consummate an initial business combination with such business. In addition, if our potential business combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance. The foreign ownership limitations, and the potential impact of CFIUS, may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. Moreover, the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our initial business combination, our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.40 per share (based on the amount in the trust account as of December 31, 2022), and our warrants will expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose any potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and may lead to other national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere (including increased tensions between China and Taiwan), and a resulting climate of geopolitical uncertainty, may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere (including increased tensions between China and Taiwan), and a resulting climate of geopolitical uncertainty, may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and to other national, regional and international economic disruptions and economic uncertainty, any of which could make it more difficult for us to identify a business combination target and consummate an initial business combination on acceptable commercial terms or at all. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our Class A ordinary shares, units and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq ). We are subject to compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements in order to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. Such continued listing requirements for our Class A ordinary shares include, among other things, the requirement to maintain at least 400 public holders and at least 500,000 publicly held shares. We expect that if our Class A ordinary shares fail to meet Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, our units and warrants will also fail to meet Nasdaq s continued listing requirements for those securities. We cannot assure you that any of our ordinary shares, units or warrants will be able to meet any of Nasdaq s continued listing requirements. If our securities do not meet Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange. If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A ordinary shares constitute a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Our Class A ordinary shares, units and warrants qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by special purpose acquisition companies, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. Item 2. Properties. We currently maintain our executive offices at 188 Grand Street, Unit #195, New York, NY 10013. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space and administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. (a) Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq under the symbols PWUPU, PWUP and PWUPW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on February 18, 2023, and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants commenced public trading separately on April 11, 2022. (b) Holders On March 20, 2023, there were one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares and one holder of record of our warrants. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. (e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. (f) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. (g) Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering On February 23, 2022, we consummated our initial public offering of 28,750,000 units. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 287,500,000. Prior to the closing of our initial public offering, the underwriters for our initial public offering exercised their over-allotment option in full, which we announced in a press release issued on February 23, 2022. A total of 294,687,500, comprised of the proceeds from the initial public offering after offering expenses and a portion of the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants, was placed in the trust account maintained by AST, acting as trustee. Item 6. Reserved. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on February 9, 2021 as a Cayman Islands corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses or entities that have not yet selected. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector, or geographical location, we intend to focus on industries that complement our management s background and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business. We may pursue a transaction in which our shareholders immediately, prior to completion of our initial Business Combination, would collectively own a minority interest in the post-Business Combination company. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering (the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. Results of Operations As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. From February 9, 2021 (inception) until the Company s initial public offering on February 23, 2022, the Company s entire activity was in preparation for an initial public offering, and following the Company s IPO through December 31, 2022, the Company s entire activity has been limited to the search for a prospective initial business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial Business Combination at the earliest. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 3,340,238, which consisted of interest income of 4,316,583, offset by operating expenses of 976,345. For the period from February 9, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 25,475, which consisted of formation expenses. Liquidity and Capital Resources Until the consummation of the IPO, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of Founder Shares by our Sponsor and loans from our Sponsor. On February 23, 2022, the Company consummated the IPO of 25,000,000 units Units with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units being offered (the Public Shares at 10.00 per Unit generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 9,138,333 private placement warrants Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, PowerUp Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of 13,707,500. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of 3,750,000 additional Units upon receiving notice of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its overallotment option (the Overallotment Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of 37,500,000. Simultaneously with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the private placement of an additional 625,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 937,500. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 1,408,786, net cash used in investing activities was 294,687,500 and net cash provided by financing activities was 296,593,545 mainly reflecting the proceeds of the IPO and subsequent deposit into the Trust Account. For the period from February 9, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 238,596 and net cash provided by financing activities was 238,596 mainly reflecting proceeds from the notes payable- related party. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our initial Business Combination. We may withdraw interest income (if any) to pay taxes, if any. Our annual tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account. We expect the interest income earned on the amount in the Trust Account (if any) will be sufficient to pay our taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 497,259 in its operating bank accounts, 299,004,083 in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its Ordinary Shares in connection therewith and working capital surplus of 797,229. As of December 31, 2022, 4,316,583 of the amount in the Trust Account is represented as Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account. The Company has until May 23, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. However, if the Company anticipates that they may not be able to consummate their initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO, their shareholders may vote by special resolution to amend their amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the period of time that the Company have to consummate the initial business combination (any such extended period of time, an Extension Period ). Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. The Company may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. Unless the shareholders vote for the extension, the remaining life of the Company as of December 31, 2022 is under 12 months. Management is currently assessing the need for the extension vote in the future. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Related Party Transactions Founder Shares On February 16, 2021, the Sponsor purchased 8,625,000 shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate price of 25,000, and on December 18, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered 2,156,250 Class B ordinary shares, so that the Sponsor owns an aggregate of 6,468,750 Class B ordinary shares. On February 11, 2022, the Company effected a 1.11111111-for-1.0 share dividend of our Class B ordinary shares, so that the Sponsor owns an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares) (the Founder Shares ). As of February 11, 2022 Class B ordinary shares were effected with 1.11111111 for 1.0 share dividend which comes to an aggregate of 7,187,500 shares. The share dividend was retroactively restated. Since the underwriters exercised their overallotment option in full upon IPO, none of the Founder Shares were forfeited. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described below. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment, at any time. The Initial Shareholders have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property Private Placement On February 23, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO and the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full, the Company consummated the issuance and sale of 9,763,333 Private Placement Warrants in a private placement transaction at a price of 1.50 per Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of 14,645,000. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis Related Party Loans On February 16, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of September 30, 2022 or the completion of the IPO. As of December 31, 2021 the amount outstanding was 238,596. The Note was subsequently paid off in January 2022 after the IPO. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. Administrative Services Fee We agreed, commencing on the effective date of the IPO through the earlier of our consummation of a Business Combination or our liquidation, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, secretarial and administrative services. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we incurred 100,000 and 0, respectively, in fees for these services. Deferred Underwriting Fees The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, or 5,000,000 in the aggregate at the closing of the IPO. The underwriters have agreed to defer the cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per share related to the over-allotment to be paid at Business Combination 750,000 in the aggregate). In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commissions of 0.35 per unit, or 10,062,500 from the closing of the IPO. The total deferred fee is 10,812,500 consisting of the 10,062,500 deferred portion and the 750,000 cash discount agreed to be deferred until Business Combination. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely if the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Due to affiliate As of December 31, 2022, the amount of 122,689 has been accrued and shown as `Due to affiliate in the accompanying balance sheet for the administrative services fees described above and a residual balance due from IPO proceeds. The amount is non-interest bearing and due on demand and will be repaid as soon as practical from the Company s operating account. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Warrant Instruments The Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the instruments specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the instruments are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the instruments meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the instruments are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares and whether the instrument holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the instruments are outstanding. The Company determined, upon further review of the warrant agreement, that the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants issued pursuant to the warrant agreement qualify for equity accounting treatment. Ordinary shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets. Net Income (loss) Per Share of Ordinary shares We apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Net income (loss) per share of the redeemable shares, basic and diluted is calculated by dividing the interest income earned on the Trust Account by the weighted average number of shares of redeemable ordinary shares outstanding since original issuance. Net income (loss) per share of ordinary shares, basic and diluted, for non-redeemable ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the net income (loss), less income attributable to shares of redeemable ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of shares of non-redeemable ordinary shares outstanding for the periods presented. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial, and administrative support services provided to the Company. We began incurring these fees on February 23, 2022 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination and the Company s liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 10,812,500. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of executive compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of the IPO or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of the IPO, the net proceeds of the IPO, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in certain U.S. government obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Reference is made to pages F-1 through F-18 following Item 16, which comprise a portion of this Report. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded process, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections None. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name Age Position Bruce Hack 74 Executive Chairman and Director Jack Tretton 61 Chief Executive Officer and Director Michael Olson 44 Chief Financial Officer Gabriel Schillinger 33 President Peter Blacklow 54 Independent Director Julie Uhrman 48 Independent Director Kyle Campbell 35 Independent Director The experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: Bruce Hack serves as our Executive Chairman and a member of our board of directors. He led one of the video game industry s most successful companies and co-led market-leading firms in the broader media and technology space. Mr. Hack was director then chairman of Technicolor SA from 2010 to 2019. Prior, he was a principal in the creation of Activision Blizzard and served as the company s vice chairman from 2008 to 2009. Mr. Hack was chief executive officer of Vivendi Games from 2004 to 2008, where he architected one of the largest turnarounds in video game history and launched Blizzard s World of Warcraft, one of the decade s defining online games. He was vice chairman of the Universal Music Group from 1998 to 2001 and chief financial officer of Universal Studios from 1995 to 1998. He joined The Seagram Company in 1982 after serving as an international trade negotiator at the U.S. Treasury in Washington, D.C. Amongst his roles at The Seagram Company were chief financial officer of Tropicana Products, Inc. and director of strategic planning. Mr. Hack is the founder and chief executive officer of BLH Venture, a provider of consulting and investment services to companies in the media and entertainment sectors. Mr. Hack is a director at Games for Change, a member of Endeavor Global, and on advisory councils for both the Hamilton Lugar School for Global and International Studies at Indiana University and the Cornell University College of Arts and Sciences. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Cornell University and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Jack Tretton serves as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors. Mr. Tretton, with a 35-year career in gaming, is one of the great leaders in the last 25 years of console video gaming. Mr. Tretton was at Sony Computer Entertainment America from 1995 to 2014, serving as president and chief executive officer from 2006 to 2014. Mr. Tretton helped establish the PlayStation brand as a worldwide leader in interactive entertainment. Mr. Tretton received credits on over 200 titles at Sony, with an average of 74 gross IRR. Under his leadership, Sony s in-house titles posted stronger sales trends versus the overall industry average, with an average outperformance of 42 for AAA releases. During his tenure, Sony s global video game revenue grew from 1.9 billion in the fiscal year ending March 1995 to 11.6 billion in the fiscal year ending March 2015. Sony PlayStation outperformed the top competitors across several key dimensions in combined hardware and software revenues. In 2014, Mr. Tretton founded Interactive Concepts LLC, a consulting firm that provides management, research, fundraising, and publishing services for over 30 different clients including Fortune 500 companies. In 2018, Mr. Tretton founded Interactive Gaming Ventures. Prior to Sony, Mr. Tretton was General Manager at JVC Musical Industries from 1991 to 1995 and Vice President of Sales at Activision from 1986 to 1991. Mr. Tretton graduated from Providence College with a Bachelor of Science, Marketing. Michael Olson serves as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Olson is currently the chief financial officer of Version1, a multi-property esports organization. Previously, Mr. Olson was a managing director and senior equity research analyst at Piper Sandler (formerly Piper Jaffray Co.). Mr. Olson spent 19 years at Piper Sandler from 2001 to 2020 covering the video game, internet and digital media sectors. Mr. Olson earned an undergraduate degree in Business (Finance, Investments and Banking) from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Gabriel Schillinger serves as our President. Mr. Schillinger was founder and chief executive officer of Gamma Innovations, which created a distributed computing platform that was powered by almost a million gamers across the globe as of June 2019. Gamma Innovations partnered with Razer, a lifestyle brand for gamers, to launch Softminer in 2018. Mr. Schillinger led the sale of Gamma to Animoca Brands in 2019. Prior to Gamma, Mr. Schillinger founded BIM Networks in 2009, a mobile payments company that provides an alternative ACH platform for quick service retail merchants. Mr. Schillinger graduated from New York University. Peter Blacklow serves as a member of our board of directors, chairs our compensation committee, and serves as a member of our audit committee. Mr. Blacklow is a general partner at Boston Seed Capital and co-founded the fund in 2010. Mr. Blacklow serves on the boards of Reggora, Alyce, QL Gaming Group, Beamable, and is co-chairman and co-founder of Drive by DraftKings. Mr. Blacklow served as executive vice president of digital at the Game Show Network from 2006 to 2013. Previously, Mr. Blacklow served as chief marketing officer for WorldWinner/FUN Technologies from 2003 to 2006. Prior to that, Mr. Blacklow was senior vice president of marketing at Monster.com from 1999-2003. Before Monster.com, Mr. Blacklow ran the global basketball business unit at Converse from 1995-1999. Mr. Blacklow received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard University. Julie Uhrman serves as a member of our board of directors, chairs our audit committee, and serves as a member of our compensation committee. Ms. Uhrman is a founder, chief executive officer, and president of Angel City Football Club, the National Women s Soccer League s newest professional women s soccer team launching in Los Angeles in 2022. Ms. Uhrman most recently was the president of media for PEI, a global media and lifestyle company, from 2018-2020, where she oversaw the company s media offerings across all verticals. Previously, Ms. Uhrman served as executive vice president and general manager of Over-The-Top Ventures for Lionsgate, building and managing the company s multiple streaming franchises, from 2016-2018. In 2013, Ms. Uhrman founded and was chief executive officer of OUYA, a pioneering android-based game console for the living room, which raised a record-breaking 8.6 million through Kickstarter and then went on to secure venture funding from Kleiner Perkins and Alibaba before selling to Razer in 2015. Ms. Uhrman has been named one of Adweek s 2020 Most Powerful Women In Sports, one of the 100 Most Creative People in Business by Fast Company and one of the Creative 50 by Ad Age. Ms. Uhrman graduated from Washington University in St. Louis and received her MBA from UCLA Anderson School of Business. Kyle Campbell serves as a member of our board of directors and a member of our audit committee. Since May 2021, Mr. Campbell has served as a senior analyst at Greenhaven Road Capital, a long-term investment manager seeking to invest in opportunities off the beaten path, where he has gained extensive knowledge and experience with SPAC structures, incentives, and PIPE transactions. Mr. Campbell was formerly the Chief Financial Officer of a single-family office, a position he held from 2015 to 2019, where he oversaw all accounting, investment, and capital allocation decisions. Mr. Campbell holds a B.S. degree in Business from Bellevue University and a Master of Business Administration from the Columbia Business School. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between any of our current officers or directors. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of five members. Holders of our founder shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our founder shares voting in a general meeting. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a 3-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a chairman, a chief executive officer, a president, a chief operating officer, chief financial officer, vice presidents, a secretary, assistant secretaries, a treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Director Independence The Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person who has No material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). We have three independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules prior to completion of the initial public offering. A majority of our board of directors is comprised of independent directors to comply with the majority independent board requirement in Rule 5605(b) of the Nasdaq listing rules. Our board of directors has determined that Peter Blacklow, Kyle Campbell and Julie Uhrman are independent directors under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Controlled Company Status Until the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the Nasdaq considers us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements. We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in provisions, the rules of the Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors; provided that if no such nominating committee exists, such selection or recommendation may be made by independent directors constituting a majority of the board s independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Julie Uhrman, Peter Blacklow and Kyle Campbell are members of our audit committee, and Ms. Uhrman serves as the chairman of the audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Ms. Uhrman, Mr. Blacklow and Mr. Campbell are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Ms. Uhrman qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which is available on our website and details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: assisting board oversight of (i) the integrity of our financial statements, (ii) our compliance with leg and regulatory requirements, (iii) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (iv) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by our board of directors. Our board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Mr. Blacklow, Ms. Uhrman and Mr. Campbell. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, each of Mr. Blacklow, Ms. Uhrman and Mr. Campbell is independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. Our board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. Our board of directors may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Mr. Blacklow and Ms. Uhrman. Mr. Blacklow serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Blacklow and Ms. Uhrman is independent. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which is available on our website and details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation (if any is paid by us), evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than reimbursement of expenses and as set forth below, no compensation of any kind, including finder s, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to complete the consummation of a business combination although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to this offering to be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Ethics We have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct, which we refer to as the Code of Ethics, applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics, audit committee charter and compensation committee charter as exhibits to our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261941), which exhibits are incorporated by reference as exhibits to this Report. You may review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our ordinary shares and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all reports applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. Compensation Discussion and Analysis None of our officers or directors have received or, prior to our initial business combination, will receive any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We pay our sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their affiliates. After the completion of our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be described, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-transaction business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination should be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 20, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 35,937,500 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 28,750,000 Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, issued and outstanding as of March 20, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the election or removal of directors of the board prior to the initial business combination, holders of the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Ordinary Shares Number of Number of Approximate Shares Approximate Shares Approximate Percentage Beneficially Percentage Beneficially Percentage of Voting Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned of Class Owned (2) of Class Control PowerUp Sponsor LLC (our sponsor)(3) 7,187,500 100 20.0 Bruce Hack(3) 7,187,500 100 20.0 Jack Tretton Michael Olson Gabriel Schillinger(3) Peter Blacklow Julie Uhrman Kyle Campbell All executive officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) 7,187,500 100 20.0 Five Percent Holders Saba Capital Management, L.P. (4) 2,002,496 7.0 5.6 Glazer Capital, LLC (5) 2,235,295 7.8 6.2 Adage Capital Partners, L.P. (6) 2,100,000 7.3 5.8 

 Less than 1 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o PowerUp Acquisition Corp., 188 Grand Street, Unit #195, New York, NY 10013.
 (2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in this Report.
 (3) Our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Messrs. Hack and Schillinger are the managing members of our sponsor. As such, each of Messrs. Hack and Schillinger has voting and investment discretion with respect to the founder shares held of record by our sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the founder shares held directly by our sponsor. Each of Messrs. Hack and Schillinger disclaims beneficial ownership of any shares other than to the extent he may have a pecuniary interest therein, directly or indirectly.
 (4) According to Schedule 13G/A filed jointly with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Saba Capital Management, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Saba GP and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein, a United States citizen, and represents shares held by Saba Capital. The address of the business office of each of Saba Capital, Saba GP and Mr. Weinstein is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174.
 (5) According to Schedule 13G filed jointly with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Glazer Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Glazer Capital and Mr. Paul Glazer, a United States citizen, and represents shares held by certain funds and managed accounts to which Glazer Capital serves as investment manager. The address and business office of each of Glazer Capital and Mr. Glazer is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019.
 (6) According to Schedule 13G filed jointly with the SEC on March 7, 2022 by Adage Capital Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Adage Capital Partners GP, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Adage Capital Advisors, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Robert Atchinson, a United States citizen, and Phillip Gross, a United States citizen. The address and business office of each of Adage Capital Partners, L.P., Adage Capital Partners GP, L.L.C., Adage Capital Advisors, L.L.C., Robert Atchinson and Phillip Gross is 200 Clarendon Street, 52nd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116.

39 

Table of Contents 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. On February 16, 2021, our sponsor paid an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.0029 per share, to subscribe for an aggregate of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our sponsor, our company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to our company by the number of founder shares issued. On February 11, 2022, we effected a 1.11111111-for-1.0 share dividend of our ordinary shares, such that our sponsor owned an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares, for a resulting purchase price of approximately resulting in a purchase price of approximately 0.0035 per share. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, none of the 937,500 founder shares that were subject to forfeiture by our sponsor were forfeited. Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 9,763,333 private placement warrants at a purchase price of 1.50 per warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of 14,645,000, in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. The placement warrants may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We currently maintain our executive offices at 188 Grand Street, Unit #195, New York, NY 10013. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor or its affiliates for office space and administrative and support services,. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we expect to cease paying these monthly fees. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Our sponsor loaned us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were due at the earlier of June 30, 2022 and the closing of our initial public offering, which occurred on February 23, 2022. The loan was repaid upon the closing of our initial public offering out of the portion of the proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of placement warrants that were allocated for the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting discounts and commissions) and were not held in the trust account. In addition, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor may, but is not obligated to, loan us additional funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans made available by our sponsor or its affiliates may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such additional loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or its affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be described, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-transaction business to determine officer and director compensation. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, placement warrants (and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon their exercise), and warrants (and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon their exercise) issued upon conversion of working capital loans (if any), which was filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. We have entered into indemnity agreements with each of our officers and directors, a form of which has been filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement. These agreements require us to indemnify these individuals and entity to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Cayman Islands law and to hold harmless, exonerate and advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. Related Party Policy In connection with the consummation of the initial public offering, we adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the code of ethics was filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Report. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 9, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 44,000 and 39,000 for the services Marcum performed in connection with the audit of our December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10K. Audit-Related Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 9, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 0 and 65,000 for the services Marcum performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering. Tax Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 9, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All Other Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 9, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following are filed with this report: (1) Financial Statements 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 688) F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 (2) Financial Statements Schedule 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. Not applicable. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 POWERUP ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 F-18 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Powerup Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Powerup Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 9, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 9, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph -- Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022, are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /S/ Marcum LLP Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. New York, NY March 21, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 POWERUP ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses and other Deferred offering cost Total Current Assets Prepaid expenses- noncurrent Investments held in Trust Account TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE ORDINARY SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued offering costs Promissory note - related party Due to affiliate Total Current Liabilities Deferred Underwriting fee payable Total Liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 6) REDEEMABLE ORDINARY SHARES Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value, shares at redemption value of per share. Shareholders Deficit Preference shares; par value, shares authorized, issued or outstanding Class A ordinary shares; par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding Class B ordinary shares; par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders Deficit ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE ORDINARY SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 POWERUP ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period from February 9, 2021 (Inception) Year Ended through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 OPERATING EXPENSES General and administrative Total operating expenses ) ) Other income: Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account Total other income, net Net income (loss) ) Weighted average shares outstanding of redeemable shares Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, redeemable shares Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable shares Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, non-redeemable shares The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 POWERUP ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 9, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Class B Additional Total Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance February 9, 2021 (inception) Issuance of ordinary shares to Sponsor Net loss ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Proceeds from Initial Public Offering Costs allocated to Public Warrants (net of offering costs) Proceeds from issuance of Private Placement Warrants to Sponsor Remeasurement for redeemable shares to redemption value ) ) ) Net income Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 POWERUP ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Period from Year Ended February 9, 2021 December 31, (Inception) through 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Interest income on investments held in Trust Account ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Accrued offering costs Deferred offering costs ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to affiliate Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Cash deposited to Trust Account ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from Initial Public Offering net of underwriting fees Proceeds from sale of private units Repayment of promissory note - related party ) Payment of offering costs ) Proceeds notes payable - related party Net cash provided by financing activities NET CHANGE IN CASH CASH, BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD CASH, END OF THE PERIOD Non-cash investing and financing activities: Initial value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Deferred underwriting commissions payable charged to additional paid in capital Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs and due to affiliates Payment of deferred offering costs by note payable - related party Payment of expenses and deferred offering costs by the Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of Class B ordinary shares The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity from February 9, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and initial public offering IPO ), which is described below and, since the offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income earned on investments from the proceeds derived from the IPO. The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective on February 17, 2022. On February 23, 2022, the Company consummated the IPO of units Units and, with respect to ordinary share included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of private placement warrants Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, PowerUp Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 4. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional Units upon receiving notice of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its overallotment option (the Overallotment Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the private placement of an additional Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . Offering costs for the IPO amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held in the Trust Account (defined below)) and of other costs. As described in Note 6, the of deferred underwriting fee payable is contingent upon the consummation of a Business Combination by May 23, 2023, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Following the closing of the IPO, per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units, Overallotment Units, and the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account Trust Account and will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. The Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights with respect to the Company s warrants. All of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Company s Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Memorandum and Articles of Association ). In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 Subtopic 10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., Public Warrants), the initial carrying value of the Public Shares classified as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20 Debt with Conversion and other Options . The Public Shares are subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. While redemptions cannot cause the Company s net tangible assets to fall below , the Public Shares are redeemable and are classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place. Redemptions of the Company s Public Shares may be subject to the satisfaction of conditions, including minimum cash conditions, pursuant to an agreement relating to the Company s Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination, or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange rule. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the IPO, without the prior consent of the Company. The Company s Sponsor, officers and directors (the Initial Shareholders have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Memorandum and Articles of Association that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by May 23, 2023, 15 months from the closing of the IPO or during an extension period Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 per shares held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Risks and Uncertainties In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus COVID-19 as a pandemic which continues to spread throughout the United States and the world. As of the date the financial statements were issued, there was considerable uncertainty around the expected duration of this pandemic. Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Company has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that COVID-19 could have a negative effect on identifying a target company for a Business Combination, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements and the specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in its operating bank accounts, in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its Ordinary Shares in connection therewith and working capital surplus of . As of December 31, 2022, of the amount in the Trust Account is represented as Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 from the closing of the IPO to consummate an initial business combination. However, if the Company anticipates that they may not be able to consummate their initial business combination within from the IPO, their shareholders may vote by special resolution to amend their amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the period of time that the Company have to consummate the initial business combination (any such extended period of time, an Extension Period ). Unless the shareholders vote for the extension, the remaining life of the Company as of December 31, 2022 is under 12 months. Management is currently assessing the need for the extension vote in the future. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. The Company may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. . This amount was charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the IPO. unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of the redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. Less: Fair value to Public Warrants at issuance ) Redeemable ordinary share issuance costs ) Plus: Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value Redeemable ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 Ordinary Shares at per share were issued on February 23, 2022. At December 31, 2022, no warrants have been exercised. The Ordinary Shares underlying the outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s stock were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted income (loss) per common share is the same as basic income (loss) per common share for the period presented. The table below presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share for each class of ordinary shares. ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and dilution net income (loss) per share 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 Units at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one -half of a redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase whole Class A ordinary share at a price of per whole share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). Private Placement Warrants in a private placement transaction at a price of per Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of . Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for whole Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate price of , and on December 18, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered Class B ordinary shares, so that the Sponsor owns an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares. On February 11, 2022, the Company effected a -for-1.0 share dividend of our Class B ordinary shares, so that the Sponsor owns an aggregate of founder shares (the Founder Shares ). The share dividend was retroactively restated. Since the underwriters exercised their overallotment option in full upon IPO, ne of the Founder Shares were forfeited. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in this Note 5. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment, at any time. The Initial Shareholders have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Related Party Loans On February 16, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of September 30, 2022 or the completion of the IPO. As of December 31, 2021 the amount outstanding was . The Note was subsequently paid off in February 2022 after the IPO and there was amount outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Working Capital Loans were outstanding. Administrative Services Fee The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on the effective date of the IPO through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination and the Company s liquidation, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly fee of for office space, secretarial and administrative services. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and , respectively, have been incurred under this arrangement. Due to affiliate As of December 31, 2022, the amount of has been accrued and shown as `Due to affiliate in the accompanying balance sheet for the administrative services fees described above and a residual balance due from IPO proceeds. The amount is due to Sponsor and will be repaid as soon as practical from the Company s operating account. -day option from the final prospectus relating to the IPO to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 23, 2022, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option purchasing Units. The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of per unit, or in the aggregate at the closing of the IPO. The underwriters have agreed to defer the cash underwriting discount of per share related to the over-allotment to be paid upon the closing of the Business Combination in the aggregate). In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commissions of per unit, or from the closing of the IPO. The total deferred fee is consisting of the deferred portion and the cash discount agreed to be deferred until Business Combination. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely if the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 preference shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A ordinary shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding (excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption). Class B ordinary shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each Class B ordinary share. As of December 31, 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, there were Class B ordinary shares outstanding, none of which were subject to forfeiture at the time. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the IPO (irrespective of whether or not such ordinary shares are redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination) plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial Business Combination, and any ordinary shares issued upon exercise of private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to us). Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. from the closing of the IPO. The Public Warrants will expire from the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 per warrant; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption, to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Public Shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a - trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may not exercise its redemption right if the issuance of shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or the Company is unable to effect such registration or qualification. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger, or consolidation. However, except as described below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Public Share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. The Company has determined that warrants issued in connection with its IPO in February 2022 are subject to treatment as equity. In order to account for the fair value of the Public Warrants issued in the IPO, the Company used Black Scholes Model to allocate cost to the Public Warrants on IPO. The key assumptions in the option pricing model utilized are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected term, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The expected volatility as of the IPO Closing Date was derived from observable public warrant pricing on comparable blank check companies that recently went public in 2020 and 2021. The risk-free interest rate is based on the interpolated U.S. Constant Maturity Treasury yield. The expected term of the warrants is assumed to be until the close of a Business Combination, and the contractual five-year term subsequently. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates to remain at zero. Exercise Price Redemption Trigger Price Term (years) Volatility Risk Free Rate Dividend Yield The fair value of the Public Warrants as of February 23, 2022 was . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of Public Warrants and of Private Warrants outstanding, respectively. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 17, 2022, by and between the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representative of the several underwriters (2) 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (2) 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (1) 4.2 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (1) 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (1) 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated February 17, 2022, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (2) 4.5 Description of Registered Securities 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated February 17, 2022, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and PowerUp Sponsor LLC (2) 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 17, 2022, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (2) 10.3 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 17, 2022, by and between the Company and PowerUp Sponsor LLC (2) 10.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2022, by and between the Company and certain security holders (2) 10.5 Form of Indemnity Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2022, by and between the Company and each of the directors and officers of the Company (2) 10.6 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of January 14, 2022, issued to PowerUp Sponsor LLC (1) 10.7 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2021, by and between the Company and PowerUp Sponsor LLC (1) 14.1 Code of Ethics (1) 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 99.1 Audit Committee Charter (1) 99.2 Compensation Committee Charter (1) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included as Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. POWERUP ACQUISITION CORP. Date: March 21, 2023 By: /s/ Jack Tretton Name: Jack Tretton Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Name Title Date /s/ Jack Tretton Jack Tretton Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 21, 2023 /s/ Michael Olson Michael Olson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) March 21, 2023 /s/ Bruce Hack Bruce Hack Executive Chairman March 21, 2023 /s/ Gabriel Schillinger Gabriel Schillinger President March 21, 2023 /s/ Peter Blacklow Peter Blacklow Director March 21, 2023 /s/ Julie Uhrman Julie Uhrman Director March 21, 2023 /s/ Kyle Campbell Kyle Campbell Director March 21, 2023 
 44 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 pwup-20221231xex4d5.htm
 EX-4.5

Exhibit 4.5 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED As of December 31, 2022, PowerUp Acquisition Corp. we, our, us or the Company had the following three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share (as defined below) and one-half of one redeemable warrant (as defined below), with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share (the units ), (ii) its Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share Class A ordinary shares ), and (iii) its public warrants, with each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share (the warrants ). Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our authorized capital stock consists of 355,000,000 shares of capital stock, including 300,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value and 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, and 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and our warrant agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of which this Exhibit 4.6 is a part. Defined terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. Units Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share exercisable at 11.50 per full share. Ordinary Shares Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and vote together as a single class, except as required by law; provided, however, that holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our founder shares voting in a general meeting. Unless specified in the Companies Act, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders (other than the appointment of directors), and the affirmative vote of a majority of our founder shares is required to approve the appointment of directors. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Directors are elected for a term of three years. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the founder shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Our initial shareholders and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in 

 connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by May 23, 2023 (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders at such time will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Redeemable Warrants Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment as described below, at any time commencing 30 days after the first date on which the Company completes a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. The warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination; provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

 The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to us and not placed in the trust account. We may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants and any warrants issued to our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us), in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: At any time while the warrants are exercisable, Upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, If, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders. We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such ordinary shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our ordinary shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. The warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between AST, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

 Except as described above, no public warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless at the time a holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the ordinary shares have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the ordinary shares is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless. Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the ordinary shares outstanding. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants, and no cash will be payable in lieu thereof. As a result, you must exercise warrants in multiples of two warrants, at an exercise price of 11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment as described in this Report to validly exercise your warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 pwup-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Jack Tretton, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PowerUp Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 21, 2023 By: /s/ Jack Tretton Jack Tretton Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 pwup-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Michael Olson, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PowerUp Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 21, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Olson Michael Olson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 pwup-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of PowerUp Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jack Tretton, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: March 21, 2023 By: /s/ Jack Tretton Jack Tretton Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 pwup-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of PowerUp Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Michael Olson, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: March 21, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Olson Michael Olson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pwup-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pwup-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pwup-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pwup-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

