<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1812727_0001493152-23-009824.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10755338</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>305770</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1705904</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3616235</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2251091</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2589928</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009824.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330170940
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009824
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Reliance Global Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001812727
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE AGENTS BROKERS & SERVICES [6411]
		IRS NUMBER:				463390293
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40020
		FILM NUMBER:		23781656

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 BOULEVARD OF THE AMERICAS,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 105
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-780-4647

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 BOULEVARD OF THE AMERICAS,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 105
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009824.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
Commission file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market 

Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company, in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes

The
aggregate market value of the common stock, 0.086 par value per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing
sale price of registrant s common stock 31.65) as quoted on the NASDAQ on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately million. 

At March 30, 2023, the registrant had 
shares of common stock, par value 0.086 per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 25 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 
 Item
 6. RESERVED 
 28 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 37 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 
 Item 9B. Other information 
 37 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign
 Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 37 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 41 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 42 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 42 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 43 
 
 PART
 IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 43 
 
 Item 16. 10-K Summary 
 43 
 
 Signatures 
 45 

Industry and Market Data 

Unless otherwise indicated, information contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K concerning our industry and the markets in which we operate, including our general expectations and market opportunity and
market size, is based on information from various sources, including independent industry publications. In presenting this information,
we have also made assumptions based on such data and other similar sources, and on our knowledge of, and our experience to date in the
relevant industries and markets. This information involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give
undue weight to such estimates. We believe that the information from these industry publications that is included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K is reliable. The industry in which we operate is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors,
including those described in Risk Factors. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed
in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 

PART
I 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the federal securities law) that involve substantial
risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding
our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future net sales, gross margin expectations, projected costs, projected expenses,
prospects and plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, projects, 
 will, would, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all
forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations
and projections about future events. Although we believe that the expectations underlying any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable,
these expectations may prove to be incorrect, and all of these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Should one or more
of these risks and uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions, projections, or expectations prove incorrect, our actual
results, performance, or financial condition may vary materially and adversely from those anticipated, estimated, or expected. We have
included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in the section entitled
 Risk Factors, that we believe could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements
that we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint
ventures, investments or terminations of distribution arrangements that we may make. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references
to Reliance Global Group, the Company, we, our, and us in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K refer to Reliance Global Group, Inc. 

Item
1. BUSINESS 

About
Reliance Global Group, Inc. 

Reliance Global Group, Inc. (formerly known as Ethos
Media Network, Inc.) was incorporated in Florida on August 2, 2013. In September 2018, Reliance Global Holdings, LLC, a related party Reliance Holdings ), purchased a controlling interest in the Company. Ethos Media Network, Inc. was renamed Reliance Global
Group, Inc. on October 18, 2018. 

We operate as a company managing assets in the insurance
markets, as well as other related sectors. Our focus is to grow the Company by pursuing an aggressive acquisition strategy, initially
and primarily focused upon wholesale and retail insurance agencies. We are led and advised by a management team that offers over 100 years
of combined business expertise in insurance, real estate and the financial service industry. 

In the insurance sector, our management has extensive
experience acquiring and managing insurance portfolios in several states, as well as developing specialized programs targeting niche markets.
Our primary strategy is to identify specific risk to reward arbitrage opportunities and develop these on a national platform, thereby
increasing revenues and returns, and then identify and acquire undervalued wholesale and retail insurance agencies with operations in
growing or underserved segments, expand and optimize their operations, and achieve asset value appreciation while generating interim cash
flows. 

As part of our growth and acquisition strategy, we
are currently in negotiations with several non-affiliated parties and expect to complete a number of material insurance asset transactions
throughout the course of 2023 and beyond. As of December 31, 2022, we have acquired ten insurance agencies, including both affiliated
and unaffiliated companies. During 2022, the Company acquired multiple insurance entities, most notably, Barra Associates, LLC.,
an unaffiliated full-service insurance agency, which we rebranded to RELI Exchange and expanded its footprint nationally. 

1 

The Company also developed and launched 5MinuteInsure.com 5MI ), a proprietary direct to consumer InsurTech platform which went live during the summer of 2021. 5MI is a business
to consumer website which enables consumers to compare and purchase car and home insurance in a time efficient and effective manner. The
platform is currently live in 44 states and offers coverage with up to 16 carriers. 

Over the next 12 months, we plan to expand and grow
our footprint and market share both through organic growth, and by expansion through additional acquisitions in various insurance markets. 

Our competitive advantage includes the ability to: 

Scale to compete at a national level. 
 
 Capitalize on the consumer shift to online with the personal touch of an agent, as the
only InsurTech company with this combination. 
 
 Leverage proprietary agency software automation to compare carrier
prices, for competitive renewal pricing. 
 
 Employ an empowered and scalable insurance agency model. 
 
 Leverage technology that facilitates comparing carriers for the best prices. 

The RELI Exchange B2B InsurTech platform and partner network for insurance
agents and agencies also: 

Boast being the only white label insurance brokerage agency New
agents can have a multi-million dollar agency look on day 1, with a full suite of back-office support (licensing, compliance, etc). 
 
 Combines the low barriers to entry of an agency network, with state-of-the-art tech. 
 
 Builds on the artificial intelligence and data mining backbone of 5MinuteInsure.com 
 
 Is designed to provide instant and competitive insurance quotes from more than thirty insurance carriers
nationwide. 
 
 Reduces back-office burden and expenses by eliminating paperwork. 
 
 Provides agents more time to focus on selling policies. 

In addition, we have a vast mentorship program behind the scenes, to keep
sales teams active. Once people are registered, we enroll them in our mentorship program, and coach them to bring new business. 

RELI Exchange is a complete, private label system
where agents have more flexibility in how they choose to brand themselves, compared to competitor platforms that require agents to work
under the platform s brand name. In effect, agents have a greater sense of ownership on our platform, and the feeling that comes
with a well-financed agency. 

2 

Insurance
Market Overview 

There
are three main insurance sectors: (1) property/casualty (P/C), which consists mainly of auto, home, and commercial insurance; (2) life/health
(L/H), which consists mainly of life insurance and annuity products; and (3) accident and health, which is normally written by insurers
whose main business is health insurance. The insurance industry plays a huge role in the U.S. economy (Source: OECD Insurance Statistics). 

The U.S. remained the world s largest insurance market, with a 40 
market share of global direct premiums written in 2021., with premiums of 2.7 trillion, respectively (Source: beinsure, Top Ranking
the World s Largest Insurance Markets ). Gross premiums are forecast to grow by as much as six times, to
 722 billion by 2030, with China and North America expected to account for more than two-thirds of the global market. Global
life insurance premium growth in real terms is expected to contract slightly (-0.2 in 2022 (figure 2), primarily due to inflation-driven
disposable income pressure and financial market volatility. There is an expectation for a turnaround in 2023 of an estimated 1.9 rise
in global premiums in real terms across advanced and emerging markets, as inflation pressures ease and economic conditions improve. 
(Source: Deloitte s 2023 Insurance Industry Outlook ). 

Insurance industry at-a-glance (Sources: Federal
Insurance Office, US Department of the Treasury, Annual Report on the Insurance Industry September 2022; IBISWorld, Property, Casualty
and Direct Insurance in the US - Market Size 2004 2029; Insurance Information Institute, A Firm Foundation: How Insurance Supports
the Economy; Zippia, 20+ INTERESTING U.S. INSURANCE INDUSTRY STATISTICS [2023]: INSURANCE FACTS, MARGINS AND MORE; Swiss Re Institute,
Inflation may be easing, but claims severity pressures in P C are likely to remain 

U.S.
 insurance industry net premiums written totaled 1.4 trillion in 2021, with premiums recorded
 by property/casualty (P/C) insurers accounting for 53 percent, and premiums by life/annuity
 insurers accounting for 47 percent, according to S P Global Market Intelligence. 
 
 The
 P C and Direct Insurance industry market size in 2023 is expected to be 873 billion
 in revenue 
 
 The
 P C and Direct Insurance industry is the 5 th largest Finance and Insurance
 industry by market size 
 
 The
 number of motor vehicle registrations in 2023 is expected to increase, which represents an
 opportunity for growth 
 
 There
 were 5,929 licensed insurance companies in the US in 2021, including 2,651 P C, 667 L H,
 and 1,321 health insurers. 
 
 Net
 premiums written for P/C insurance including auto, homeowners and commercial insurance totaled
 715.9 billion in 2021. 
 
 Net
 premiums written for the life/annuity insurance sector including annuities, accident and
 health, and life insurance totaled 635.8 billion in 2021. 
 
 Total
 assets held were 8.5 trillion for L H, 2.6 trillion for P C, and 735 billion
 for the Health Sector at the end of 2021. 
 
 High
 inflation led to an increase in P/C claims of 5-7.5 in 2022 and is expected to drive an
 additional increase of 3.5-6.5 in 2023. 
 
 The
 U.S. insurance industry employed 2.8 million people in 2021, according to the U.S. Department
 of Labor. Of those, 1.6 million worked for insurance companies, including life and health
 insurers (911,400 workers), P/C insurers (628,600 workers) and reinsurers (26,900 workers).
 The remaining 1.2 million people worked for insurance agencies, brokers and other insurance-related
 enterprises. 

Insurance spending (2001-2021: Global vs. U.S.
Total, of GDP), OECD 

Insurance
Agency Industry Overview 

Insurance agencies act as intermediaries between insurance carriers and consumers. Unlike carriers, agencies do not bear insurance risk.
The market has grown steadily exploded in 2019 due to macroeconomic growth, beneficial legislation, COVID treatments, and positive trends
within the insurance sector. While inflation and other factors have impacted the industry, it has continued to grow with a positive outlook
for 2023 as rising interest rates begin to stabilize. 

An
insurance agency or broker, solicits, writes, and binds policies through many different insurance companies, as they are not directly
employed by any insurance carrier. Thus, insurance agencies can decide which insurance carriers they would like to represent and which
products they would like to sell. They are like a retail shop that sells insurance services and products created by the insurance carrier.
The main difference between a broker and an agent has to do with who they represent. An agent represents one or more insurance companies,
acting as an extension of the insurer. A broker represents the insurance buyer. 

An
insurance carrier, on the other hand, is a manufacturer of insurance services and products that the insurance agencies sell. They control
the underwriting process, claims process, pricing, and the overall management of the insurance products. Insurance carriers do not sell
their products through direct agents, but only through independent agencies. Insurance policies are created and administered by the insurance
carrier. 

3 

A key operating difference between agencies and
carriers is the risk profile. The potential financial risks to the insurance industry caused by unforeseen events such as natural
disasters are the responsibility of the carriers (and their re-insurers). Agencies and brokers bear no insurance risk. Furthermore,
increased damage caused by natural disasters generally boosts demand for insurance and results in possible premium increases. Since
insurance brokers and agents are a central part of the distribution of these products, they normally benefit from this increase in
demand and premiums despite damaged profit margins among these upstream underwriters and carriers. (Source: IBISWorld s
Insurance Brokers Agencies Industry in the US, January 2023). Natural disasters are inherently difficult to forecast, but any
increase in the frequency of these events has the potential to boost insurance policy volumes, particularly for property and
casualty products. 

This risk difference is key, especially
considering volatile weather patterns and an increased rate of natural disasters. The economic costs of 2022 s 421 natural
disaster events were estimated at 313 billion, with insurance only covering 42 of the overall total (Source: AON, Testimony of Eric Anderson, President of Aon, before the United States Senate Committee on Budget, Wednesday, March 22,
2023). 

Key external drivers for insurance industry performance
include factors such as motor vehicle registrations, the homeowner rate, and per capita disposable income. The industry is in a hardening
cycle, which leads to growth. There are still effects from the COVID-19 measures, with shifting sales trends expected to boost profitability
while lowering marginal costs. Additionally, businesses rebounding from COVID-19 are reported to translate to a consistent stream of new
insurance customers (Source: IBISWorld, Insurance Brokers Agencies Industry in the US , January 2023). 

In 2022, the global insurance brokerage market had
an estimated value of 409 billion, and is forecasted to grow to 551 billion in 2026 (Source: Research and Markets, Insurance Brokers
 Agents Global Market Report 2022 ). The growth within the insurance agency market has resulted in strong mergers and acquisition
(M A) activity within this sector. The insurance distribution industry continues to prove its resiliency. Total deal volume in 2022
was 32 lower than in 2021 during the first six months, moving from 374 transactions totaling 22 billion to 254 transactions totaling
 16.5 billion. This gap was reduced significantly during the last six months of 2022, when there were 384 deals valued at 1.2 billion,
only a 22 volume decrease from the same period in 2021. This was due to a 40-year high in inflation, rising capital costs and tightening
budgets. In 2023, the strongest M A drivers are inflation and interest rates. As rate increases have begun to settle, companies are
expected to allocate more capital to acquisitions. Overall M A activity will happen with lower frequency and prices than the inflationary
period in 2021, and the insurance brokerage industry is expected to be the first sector to recover as PE interest suggests that financial
buyers view brokerage positively (Source: Deloitte , 2023 insurance M A outlook: Balancing uncertainty with optimism ). 

Brokers play an important part in distributing health insurance policies. For example, a significant portion of small companies, which
are those between two and 50 workers, purchase health benefits through agents or brokers. Therefore, an increase in health insurance
membership tends to be a boon for agents and brokers. The number of people with private health insurance is expected to increase in 2022,
posing a potential opportunity to the industry. (Source: IBIS World Insurance Brokers in the US - Market Size 2003 2028,
June 23, 2022) The market size of the Online Insurance Brokers industry in the US has grown 4.2 per year on average between 2017 and
2022. (Source: IBIS World Online Insurance Brokers in the US - Market Size 2003 2028, January 30, 2022) 

The global InsurTech market size was valued at 5.45 billion in 2022 (Grand View Research, Insurtech Market Size, Share Trends Analysis
Report By Type (Auto, Business, Health, Home, Specialty, Travel), By Service (Consulting, Support Maintenance, Managed Services),
By Technology, By End Use, By Region, And Segment Forecasts, 2023 - 2030). It is expected to expand at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR)
of 51.7 from 2022 to 2030. The increasing need for digitization of insurance services is expected to propel the market growth.
Insurtech is the usage of technology innovations particularly designed to make the existing insurance model more efficient. By using
technologies such as AI and data analytics, InsurTech solutions allow products to be priced more competitively. Insurance companies are
widely adopting these solutions to drive cheaper, better, and faster operational results. Hence, the insurance industry is witnessing
increased investment in technology. The outbreak of COVID-19 is anticipated to have a positive impact on the market. Numerous insurance
companies are reconsidering their long-term strategies and short-term needs. The COVID-19 and its impacts are accelerating the implementation
of online platforms and new mobile applications to meet consumer needs. (Sources: Grand View Research Insurtech Market Size, Share 
Growth Report, 2021-2028 and 2022 - 2030) 

The Company therefore has strategically invested in its RELI Exchange and 5MinuteInsure.com, its online digital platforms as additional
steps in expanding its national footprint. As discussed above, RELI Exchange and 5MI are high-tech proprietary tools developed by the
Company as business to business or business to consumer portals which enables agents/consumers to compare and purchase car home and life
insurance in a time efficient and effective manner. These platforms tap into the growing number of online users and utilize advanced artificial
intelligence and data mining techniques, to provide competitive insurance quotes in around 1-5 minutes, with minimal data input needed
from the agent/consumer. 

4 

Agencies
and Brokers Outlook 

Insurance brokers and agencies play a critical role
within the insurance market by distributing policies and consulting insurance underwriters and consumers. This industry is a vital component
to the larger insurance sector as industry operators act as intermediaries between insurance providers and downstream consumers. Operators
generate income via commissions earned on policies sold. Given the transaction-based nature of the industry, revenue primarily depends
on three factors: (1) policy (premium) pricing; (2) demand for insurance; and (3) the popularity of using agents and brokers in the distribution
process. 

The U.S. insurance broker and agency industry has
grown steadily over the five years due to macroeconomic growth, beneficial legislation that has been passed, and positive trends in the
insurance sector, achieving approximately 409 billion in revenues in 2022 (BusinessWire, Insurance Brokers Agents Global
Market Report 2022: Market is Expected to Grow to 551.88 Billion in 2026 - Long-term Forecast to 2031 - ResearchAndMarkets.com As macroeconomic conditions improve over the five years to 2026, revenue generated by industry operators is expected to increase
as businesses regain confidence in their financial stability, despite increased external competition from online insurance marketplace
platforms. (Source: IBISWorld s Insurance Brokers Agencies Industry in the US ). 

Insurance
carriers should not continue to depend on the positive (though uncertain) fundamental economic strength of years past to maintain positive
balance sheet momentum. In order to succeed, carriers must address foundational challenges, which include remaining relevant despite
systemic economic changes combined with expanding consumer preferences. Some of the issues that insurers must address will fall within
the areas of mergers and acquisitions (M A), technology, product development, talent, regulation, as well as tax reform, as described
below. 

M A. The convergence of market pressures to attain sustainable growth, a persistent wealth of capital and capacity, combined with
the upturn in interest rates may demonstrate that insurers should be prepared for an uptick in M A activity in 2023. As it stands
now, fairly rich valuations could dampen activity, however, M A could offer opportunities to scale and obtain new capabilities, primarily
as it relates to technology. 

Proprietary Technology . Advancements in mobile and
 digital technology are forcing insurers to innovate, which is expected to continue and intensify, where every insurance agency will
 need to focus on what makes their customer experiences and products unique. They will also need to integrate with technology enablers
 to bring to their customers a value proposition via a connected ecosystem. Furthermore, to better compete within the industry, those
 within the distribution system would benefit tremendously by improving the ability to share critical data and analytics between systems.
 Insurers are seeking to employ the cloud to power advanced analytics, improve data gathering, and grow cognitive applications. In
 order to keep pace with the industry and prepare for a cloud-enabled future, insurance carriers should prioritize migrating their
 existing systems to the cloud and launch new applications off-site. 

Product
 Development . Economic and technological changes create the need for new types of coverage, revamped policies, and alternative
 distribution platforms; adaptation of this, however, has been slow within the insurance industry. Siloed business lines, legacy processes,
 and regulatory considerations hinder the rapid and agile product development needed within this highly competitive landscape. Accordingly,
 insurers would benefit by focusing on creating hybrid policies that cover both commercial and personal risks. They could also supply
 on-demand coverage options, which provide greater control to customers for their policy terms and time frames. Furthermore, novel
 and unique micro-experiences could become the foundation for digital expansion as agencies are distinguished by the niche markets
 they sell to and can better service versus their peers. Digital content campaigns and user interfaces targeting specialized prospects
 and customer segments are expected to continue to expand. These micro-experiences could allow agencies to have access to a market
 that can quote, bind, and service insurance online, and where they are focused on commercial lines and specialty insurance for niche
 markets. In such a scenario, they may be able to offer new opportunities for agencies to expand quickly via digital building blocks
 that can be easily integrated into existing business and/or workflows. 

5 

Regulation .
 Regulation will continue to play a significant role in the operations and development of the insurance industry, with three high-priority
 compliance issues (each with global and domestic implications) facing insurers: 

Market
 conduct . Best interest standards are being considered at both the federal and state levels to protect consumers
 who purchase annuities and life insurance. Due to this, insurers should seek to review and adjust their compliance structures to
 accommodate what could turn into a patchwork oversight system. One possibility could be to integrate new technologies that would
 allow for continual oversight and management of the sales process. 

Cyber
 risk . With New York State s new cybersecurity regulations, insurers are facing compliance deadlines, which have formed
 the basis of a nationwide model law developed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. Going forward, the spotlight
 is likely to be on how insurers plan to manage third-party risks, given so much importance has been placed on migrating policyholder
 data and software systems to external hosts. 

Privacy
 oversight . Privacy is both a data-security and reputational risk issue given the European Union s General Data Protection
 Regulation (GDPR) having been implemented along with similar standards set to be imposed in California. Equally as important is how
 data can be used moving forward, specifically when it comes to disclosure and consumer signoff. In addition to legal and IT experts,
 insurers should include multiple stakeholders in its compliance efforts. Over the longer term, carriers may reexamine how the vast
 amounts of alternative data at their disposal may be leveraged for the mutual benefit not only for the carriers but their policyholders,
 while simultaneously remaining compliant with domestic and global regulations. 

Taxes .
 The global trend has been to lower corporate income tax rates, with a recent report from the Organization for Economic Co-operation
 and Development citing significant tax reform packages enacted in Argentina, France, Latvia, and the U.S., with other countries introducing
 more disjointed reforms. U.S. insurers continue to focus on adapting to the changes introduced in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017.
 The U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) have issued final and proposed guidance on certain important,
 newly enacted provisions, such as the application of the base erosion and anti-abuse tax to reinsurance, as well as the taxation
 of foreign operations owned by U.S. taxpayers. Additional guidance could be imminent on many other important provisions, including
 how the new loss carryover rules will fit with the old rules in the context of consolidated returns. 

While
the industry may need to address internal and external pressures, the impact from these issues will continue to fall within the individual
insurer. Thus, since insurers control their own destinies, potentially the most significant factor is likely to be how committed and
prepared insurers are to quickly adjust to changes in the economy, society, and technology, and respond accordingly. 

Insurance Options 

Single-product platforms limit buyers choices and often lead to
high costs or insufficient coverage. We ve partnered with an extensive list of carriers and filter results for buyers according
to their needs. This gets them the right coverage at a fair price. From there, they re connected to an agent who onboards them with
minimal friction. 

Insurance Buyers 

Insurance buyers want coverage that fits their needs at a fair price. They
also want good customer service. We believe the independent insurance agents, combined with the RELI Exchange platform can serve these
needs best. Our platform makes it easy to weigh the options and connect with a knowledgeable agent with the buyer s interests in
mind. 

Expert Agents 

We train our agents to evaluate coverages based on buyers needs,
and to explain options in simple terms. Furthermore, service doesn t stop there. People s needs change during different life
events, and we facilitate adjustments to their coverage when it matters most. 

Agents can revolutionize their insurance businesses or start a new
one on RELI Exchange. They have the freedom to offer coverage from a variety of carriers, utilizing our cutting-edge technology, and proven
sales system. This is particularly beneficial to captive insurance agents who previously found themselves limited to one carrier and pricing
model. By offering more choices, agents now have more chances of closing business with interested buyers. By partnering with us, agents
gain access to a variety of carriers, yet are able to streamline their workflows to focus on business development with support from our
team and lower marketing costs. 

Top Carriers 

Insurance carriers want to maximize profits without detracting from the
customer experience. The challenge is that it s costly to distribute coverage through independent agents with varying levels of
expertise. Some carriers choose the Captive Agent route to save on cost, but RELI Exchange offers a better alternative. We reduce overhead
and scale distribution for carriers while maintaining good standards with our technology and back office support team. 

The performance improvements and lower costs lead to higher customer retention
and a better customer experience, which translates to a higher customer lifetime value and more profits for the carrier and the agent. 

Leadership Team 

Our leadership team has over 100 years of combined industry experience. 

Ezra Beyman, Chairman CEO , brings nearly three decades of
entrepreneurial experience in real estate and fifteen years in insurance. His portfolio of commercial and residential properties at one
point consisted of more than 40,000 residential units, as well as several insurance companies. In 1985, he founded his first mortgage
brokerage, which rapidly grew into the third largest licensed mortgage brokerage in the United States of America by 2008. He also expanded
to real estate acquisition, having grown his portfolio to over three billion dollars. 

Scott Korman, Director, serves as President of Nashone, Inc., a
private equity firm, which he founded in 1984. In this role, Mr. Korman is involved in financial advisory, M A, and general management
assignments. He is a founder and Managing Member and CEO of Illumina Radiopharmaceuticals LLC, CEO of Red Mountain Medical Holdings, Inc.
Mr. Korman previously served as Chairman of Da-Tech Corporation, a Pennsylvania based contract electronics manufacturer and as Chairman
and CEO of Best Manufacturing Group LLC, a leading manufacturer and distributor of uniforms, napery, service apparel, and hospitality
and healthcare textiles. Mr. Korman also served as President and CEO of Welsh Farms Inc., a full-service dairy processor and distributor
of milk, ice cream mix and ice cream products. 

6 

Ben Fruchtzweig, Director, brings decades of executive experience
in accounting and financial services. He has served as Chief Comptroller/Financial Analyst at national financial services and investment
companies. He received his NYS C.P.A license in 1987 and has worked at Deloitte Haskins and Sells and other leading accounting firms.
Currently, Mr. Fruchtzweig lectures on a variety of topics including business ethics. He also serves on a voluntary basis as a trustee
of a non-profit private foundation, which serves to provide the needed financial support, services and guidance to qualifying individuals
and families. 

Alex Blumenfrucht, CPA, Director, Mr. Blumenfrucht previously served
as CFO for Reliance Global. Before joining Reliance he served as an Audit Assurance Professional at Deloitte Touche, LLP where
he successfully led audit teams on both public and privately held corporations. He brings extensive experience in internal controls, financial
analysis and reporting for both private and publicly traded companies. 

Sheldon Brickman, Director, has over 25 years of M A advisory
and business development experience, totaling more than 40 billion in deal value. He has worked for numerous multibillion-dollar insurance
carriers, including assignments for such companies as AIG, Aetna and National General. Sheldon has assisted international companies (UAE,
UK, Asia and Latin America), start-up operations, and regional insurance carriers. Mr. Brickman s experience covers the property
casualty and life/health markets, including working with insurance carriers, managing general agencies, wholesalers, retailers and third-party
administrators. 

Joel Markovits, CPA, Chief Financial Officer, Joel joined Reliance
Global Group in June 2021, bringing over 12 years of financial and accounting experience in both the public and private sectors. Prior
to joining Reliance Global Group, Joel was a senior manager at KPMG LLP from April 2015 through May 2021, where he led some of the larger
and more complex audit engagements, including serving as lead audit senior manager on a global 16 billion (annual revenues) enterprise
reporting on both US GAAP and IFRS standards. He was also a data analytics specialist and technology innovation leader at KPMG for
its largest US Business Unit, overseeing the development and deployment of technological capabilities that enhance data analyses. Joel
has been a Certified Public Accountant in the State of New Jersey since November 2013. 

Yaakov Beyman - Executive Vice President, Insurance Division, oversees
the overall insurance operations of Reliance, including strategy and developing/implementing operational tools. He holds insurance licenses
in most of the continental United States, and is involved heavily in marketing, maintaining state of the art technological models, financial
management and distributions, and entity creation and maintenance. 

Grant Barra - Senior Vice President of Operations, brings over 18
years of experience in the insurance industry. In 2008, he founded Barra Associates, which quickly grew to become a recognized distribution
model of both personal and commercial insurance products, including P C, life, health and other insurance products. Along with founding
Barra Associates, he served in a leadership role for a single life carrier, where he focused on recruitment, development, and motivating
independent agents to sell life insurance products. Earlier in his career, he founded Grant Barra Agency, providing all lines of insurance
policies under a captive agency agreement. 

Moshe Fishman, Director of Insurtech and Operations, brings a unique
perspective to the insurance sales process. Prior to starting his own insurance agency, Mr. Fishman was a recognized guru in the travel
industry leveraging the technology in the travel sector. This tech savviness has been applied into the insurance and financial services
industries with the founding of Fishman Insurance Agency as well as Tekeno Financial. Mr. Fishman is one of the driving talents of the
RELI Exchange 5MinuteInsure.com InsurTech platforms. 

Jonathan Fortman, VP of Acquisitions, brings
a wealth of experience to the acquisition process. Prior to joining Reliance, Mr. Fortman spent two decades operating, owning and
expanding his family s multiple line insurance agency at Fortman Insurance Services, founded in 1978. Along with being a principal
of the agency, he also specializes in sales, retention, growth and service for the agency s large book of Employee Benefit clients.
He brings an extensive level of agency management experience as well as providing growth strategies for newly acquired agencies. 

7 

Agency Partner network and InsurTech platform
at ReliExchange.com 

Our Go-to-Market Strategy 

Our Go-to-Market high level goals include: 

Building brand awareness 

Creating inquiries 

Generate agency signups 

Create foundation for new marketing 

Specific metrics for success include 50 New Contracted Agents per month,
or 600 by mid 2023 and 1,000 by year-end across 3 agency partner types: 

Target #1: Captive 

When an agent represents one insurance company, they ll earn multiples of what they make currently
due to a broad array of offers. 

Key target agency partners 

They ll earn multiples of what they make currently due to the broad array of offers. 

Target #2: Agency Producers/CSRs 

People who want their own agency. 

Target #3: New Agency Startups 

People who want to start their own business. Our platform makes it easy for people to start their own
agencies - These people have no experience - Its a huge market where the majority of the current audience comes from, though it s
the tertiary choice. 

Promotion 

To meet our agency registration objectives, we have
engaged in both inbound and outbound marketing. Outbound sales and marketing includes outreach on social media through posts and direct
messages using tools on LinkedIn and other platforms, phone, email, and other methods of communication. Inbound marketing is primarily
through driving traffic to our website through search engines, social media, and digital publicity campaigns. These combined tactics give
us a constant influx of marketing qualified leads (MQL) and sales qualified leads (SQL) to predictably hit our target metrics each month. 

Email Marketing 

As we continue to build our database of customers and prospects, we will
implement an effective email marketing campaign. This includes newsletters as well as content flows that drip out over time to keep people
engaged. This content is pre-programmed to automatically fire at set intervals whenever someone registers for a list. Through automation,
we continue to build rapport with people who eventually sign up for the service. 

Public Relations 

The digital marketing tactics that we use have the following benefits: 

Increase brand credibility 

Generate leads 

Attract investors and partners 

Make other marketing more effective 

Attract talent 

Improve reputation on Google 

Drive domain authority for SEO 

Differentiate from competitors 

Increase perceived value 

Convert leads faster 

8 

Social Media 

As part of our content creation process, we ve implemented a system
for ongoing posts to social media channels such as LinkedIn. Tactics include: 

Daily social listening eye-on competitor + industry news + influencer 

Creative design and content planning 

Daily posting schedule 

Real-time events support and live posting 

Daily monitoring comments and discussions 

A content coordinator with approving capabilities to approve/direct. 

Monitoring data, providing monthly reports 

Weekly meetings with updates on new content, industry news approval etc. 

Daily outreach, engagement, and growth of LinkedIn profile. 

Weekly: 2 posts that demonstrate expertise, experience and thought leadership. 

Monthly: Strategic growth and visibility 

Using platforms like LinkedIn, Facebook, and Twitter, we post regular content
with the aim of growing our visibility and credibility through social media storytelling. Our goal is to maintain a consistent brand story
for customers, prospects, stakeholders, and industry experts. 

Planning, writing, creating, and posting a mixture of our available assets,
plus curated topics on industry trends and influencer thought leadership to provide validation and exposure outside of our existing followers,
to develop the company story. 

Our initial focus is on LinkedIn, with expansion to other platforms as
it makes sense. 

Podcasts 

We have appeared on several podcasts as subject matter experts, and will
continue with outreach to increase exposure, visibility, brand awareness, and sales. 

Website Search Engine Optimization 

Our goal is to improve the website to drive more organic traffic through
Google and other search engines. The two primary objectives are to create engaging content, and to improve the technical SEO of the website. 

SEO growth opportunities include: 

SEO Audit and Execution to improve HTML, structured data and other technical issues 

SEO review of any future site migration and platform upgrade plans as part of the M A process 

Information architecture internal linking for SEO 

Content topic and structural improvements 

Keyword Tracking 

Competitive analysis 

Product 

Our best-in-class product offerings include the following: 

1) An agency partner contract 

2) An agent / pro contract 

Our value proposition is that we re giving people a complete, white
label business. Agents have a fast and easy website presence, get contracts with carriers they wouldn t normally access, and they
can get paid for referrals. 

9 

Price 

Costs are very low. Access is approximately 90/month for agents, and 190/month
for agency partners. This is a singular solution that gives people an all-in-one insurance agency. 

For comparison, people used to pay about 50,000 to build out an insurance
agency. Additionally, licensing can be around 750, with 100-200 in monthly expenditures. RELI Exchange removes these costly barriers
to entry through technology. 

With the RELI Exchange platform, our vision is to remove all barriers and activate contracted agents at scale. Being cost efficient for
these agencies is key to our success. Unlike the franchise model, RELI Exchange is designed with low barriers to entry and a compelling
value proposition. In addition, RELI Exchange significantly enhances competitive advantages through provided agency partners. 

People (Target Audience) 

We have identified several highly receptive target
audiences, including: 

Existing insurance agents agency leadership/owners 

People looking for a career change (GenX, older Millennials) 

Experienced salespeople 

Younger quiet quitters and Great Resigners who want more purposeful, lucrative
work flexibility 

Recent college graduates with debt unmarketable degrees with few career options 

Captive Agents who feel trapped 

The RELI Exchange Platform 

The RELI Exchange platform is a revolutionary
way to get insurance quotes without requiring users to undergo a complicated process of manually completing lengthy forms. With
basic contact information, our proprietary tool can generate accurate home auto and life insurance quotes from credible providers in
under 5 minutes, for free. Then, our platform connects each user with a fully trained and knowledgeable agent who guides them
through the rest of the process to deliver the best coverage at the best price. 

RELI Exchange is at the forefront of the digital transformation of the
insurance industry. Our platform leverages unique technology, a proprietary database, and expert methodologies from experienced insurance
agents to deliver a quality experience to agents and people looking to get insured. 

In addition to providing customers with a great experience, RELI Exchange
automates many processes for agents to free up their time to sell to new customers. The result is higher profitability with less work.
Most importantly, mentorship is part of the RELI Exchange model, so that agents always receive the support they need to be successful. 

System for Agent and Agency Partner Success 

RELI Exchange agents have a distinct advantage over their captive counterparts
when it comes to serving clients. They have access to multiple carriers in their markets, to provide more choices and solutions that fit
their customers needs. Additionally, our automations and back-office support eliminate time spent on service requests and renewals,
so agents can focus on sales growth. 

We spent years developing our proprietary sales processes, backed up by
an engaging mentorship program to maximize agent success. We provide every agent with comprehensive training, product and carrier knowledge,
and cutting-edge technology. Plus, our back-office support team is readily available to train and assist agents at every step. 

We actively recruit agents who are passionate about owning their own business
and have a proven track record in business development. Our revenues are tied directly to their success, creating an environment that
delivers consistent results. 

Agents benefit from low startup costs and minimal overhead no employees
or physical location is required. In contrast, captive agents are often burdened with immediate hiring requirements, storefront leases,
and advertising budgets. Moreover, our software platform delivers economies of scale so that fixed and variable costs are reduced for
greater profitability. 

10 

Online Insurance and 5MinuteInsure.com 

In August 2021, we launched 5MinuteInsure.com, which
is a licensed online insurance agency that utilizes state of the art digital technology and seek to use this platform to develop business
in the online insurance business which we believe represents an underutilized opportunity. 

While 90 of customers are open to purchasing insurance
online, 75 of the people who attempt to make online purchases report problems (Source: J.D. Power, Direct-to-Consumer Auto Insurers
Take Top Honors in Shopping Study as New Normal Arrives for P C Industry, J.D. Power Finds ; Invoca, 36 Insurance Marketing
Statistics You Need to Know in 2023 ). Moreover, the current insurance purchasing processes is time consuming and lacks transparency.
There are over 96 insurance companies paying thousands of affiliates to generate leads, paying as much as 120 per lead (Source: The Insurance
Marketer, Best Life Insurance Affiliate Programs: How Much Can You Earn? ; Lasso, The 96 Best Insurance Affiliate Programs of
2023 ). Consequently, most of the current online sites are simply lead generators, which result in false insurance quotes, constant
spam and aggressive sales pitches. We believe consumers are looking for an online platform that will replicate the services they could
obtain from a traditional brick and mortar insurance agency, thus driving business toward the online site as we all migrate to online
in this post COVID world. 

Another key benefit to online insurance is the ability
to combine seamlessly with electronic capabilities in processing, such as 5MinuteInsure.com s proprietary backend processing technology
to support our traditional agency business. 5MinuteInsure.com will be used internally by all the Reliance Global Group affiliated agencies
to offer more products to our existing client base. By implementing artificial intelligence, robotic process automation and automatic
shopping for best rates at renewals, we believe we can dramatically reduce costs, and allow our agents to focus on selling new policies,
creating a digitally empowered and scalable insurance agency model. 

Specific benefits of the 5MinuteInsure.com platform
include: 

First, a simplified application
process 

Second, 5MinuteInsure.com
has real-time connections with over 15 top-rated insurance companies, which allows consumers to transparently compare real live quotes
from multiple insurers side-by-side. 

Third, 5MinuteInsure.com
provides instant accurate coverage recommendations for home, auto and life insurance, providing consumers confidence they are not under or over-insured. 

Fourth, 5MinuteInsure.com
provides in-house insurance buying and policy binding capabilities, meaning no redirection to other websites and the ability to finalize
purchases on 5MinuteInsure.com in as little as five minutes. 

Fifth, coming soon is
5MinuteInsure s free and secure account enables 24/7 access to previous quotes, policies and other documents. 

And finally, when it s
time for a policy renewal, 5MinuteInsure.com can populate the best offers in the market before their policy expires. 

Thus, we believe in the specific benefits of the online
insurance business, and we believe that 5MinuteInsure.com provides the platform to transform this segment of the industry. 

11 

Insurance M A Overview 

The
solid growth within the insurance agency market has resulted in strong mergers and acquisition (M A) activity within this sector.
Mergers and acquisitions from insurance agents and brokers jumped from 795 in 2020 to over 1,000 in 2021, and remained consistently high
in 2022 at almost 1000 new acquisitions, 24 over the 2020 totals. (Source: Optis, Partners Agent Broker 2022 Year-end Merger
 Acquisition Report ). 

Mergers
and acquisitions (M A) activity in the insurance sector shows no signs of slowing over the next 12 months. Given the optimistic forecast,
executives should evaluate market opportunities that can safeguard future enterprise value now. Discover the insurance M A trends
and drivers that can help identify profitable moves and shape M A strategies to ride the wave of growth in 2022. (Source: Deloitte, 2022 midyear insurance M A outlook, 2022) 

The
COVID-19 crisis may have an impact on the insurance industry for quite some time. Some factors to consider are: 

Strain
on investment portfolios Insurance companies rely on their investment portfolios to generate returns. Markets have been in
turmoil and, as a result, insurers investment portfolios may be significantly impacted. 

Delayed
payments Regulators are urging insurance companies to accept late premium payments with no penalty, putting a strain on cash
flow. Despite liquidity being impacted, insurance companies are still being expected to pay out claims. 

Decreased
premium volume Full or partial closing of businesses coupled with social distancing has led to decreased demand for insurance.
Lower payroll levels lead to lower payroll-based premiums, such as those in workers compensation, and an uptick in layoffs results
in fewer people buying houses, cars, and other insurable purchases. A decrease in premium volume means a decrease in income for insurers. 

Coverage
disputes Pandemics are generally excluded from insurance policy coverage and therefore policy premium has not included the
necessary charges to provide such coverage. A number of states are attempting to legislate to force insurance companies to provide insurance
coverage for business interruption and other losses for claims resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. There is uncertainty regarding which
party will ultimately incur the additional cost for these adjustments. 

We
cannot presently estimate the full financial impact of the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic on our business or predict the related federal,
state and local civil authority actions, which are highly dependent on the severity and duration of the pandemic; however, we see opportunities
which may arise as to changes in the markets. Due to the uncertainties associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and the indeterminate length
of time it will affect, we have taken proactive measures to secure our liquidity position to be able to meet our obligations for the
foreseeable future. 

5
 https://optisins.com/wp/2023/01/2022-ma-report/ 

12 

Insurance Agency Brand Acquisitions as of 1Q 2023 

RELI
 Exchange 
 
 5
 Minute Insure 
 
 Altruis
 Benefits 
 
 J.P.
 Kush Associates 
 
 US
 Benefits Alliance 
 
 Employee
 Benefits Solutions 
 
 Fortman
 Insurance Solutions 
 
 Medigap
 Healthcare 
 
 Southwestern
 Montana Insurance Center 
 
 UIS
 Agency 
 
 Commercial
 Coverage Solutions 

Acquisition History 

In October 2018, announced first two acquisitions: Employee Benefits Solutions and U.S. Benefits Alliance;
Michigan-based agencies specializing in the sale of health insurance products in the wholesale and retail industry 

In December 2018, acquired Commercial Coverage Solutions, LLC, a commercial property and casualty insurance
company specializing in commercial trucking and transportation insurance 

In September 2019, two agencies transferred ownership from Reliance Global Holdings, LLC, a private company affiliated with Reliance Global
Group: 

Southwestern Montana Insurance, a group health insurance agency providing personal and commercial lines
of insurance 

Fortman Insurance Agency, LLC, an agency providing multiple lines of insurance in the property/casualty
and life/health insurance sectors 

In September 2019, acquired Altruis Benefit Consulting; serves customers throughout the entire State
of Michigan, specializing in providing individual and group health insurance 

In September 2020, acquired the assets of UIS Agency, LLC (UIS), a premier regional insurance agency
serving the commercial transportation industry 

In May 2021, acquired J.P. Kush and Associates, Inc., a premier healthcare insurance agency with operations
in 10 states, headquartered in Troy, Michigan 

In January 2022, Medigap Health Insurance Company, an insurance brokerage company headquartered in Florida,
specializing in Medicare supplement insurance 

In April 2022, acquired Barra Associates, (changed to RELI Exchange following acquisition) a recognized
provider of both personal and commercial insurance products, including P C insurance, life insurance, health insurance and other insurance
products. 

Insurance Agency Acquisition Strategy 

Numerous acquisition targets within a highly fragmented market 

Reliance s access to capital supports the growth of the acquired companies 

Ownership and management remain engaged 

Focus on acquiring growing and profitable businesses, for below-market prices 

Ability to leverage cash flow of acquiree through low-cost debt financing and provide earnouts as part
of consideration 

Economies of scale through first class technology infrastructure and national sales/marketing platform 

Few insurance agencies have the size and scale to compete at a national level 

Management expertise in acquisitions, operations, and financial management 

Digitizing Bricks Mortar Agencies 

Capitalizing on consumer shift to online 

More and more customers search for insurance online, but consumers prefer the personal touch of an agent 

Proprietary backend processing technology to support Reliance s agency business 

Strategy to acquire traditional offline home, auto and life agencies, and utilize technology to more cost
effectively service the acquired policies 

By implementing artificial intelligence, robotic process automation (RPA) and automatic shopping for
best rates at renewals, Reliance can: 

Dramatically reduce cost 

Allow agents to focus on selling new policies, 

Create a digitally empowered and scalable insurance agency model 

Ability to rapidly expand Reliance s agency network nationwide and drive margin expansion through
the combination of digital backend and continued M A of cash flow positive and accretive acquisitions 

13 

Employees 

As
of March 30, 2023, we employed 78 employees across all Company subsidiaries. 

We
believe that a diverse workforce is important to our success. We will continue to focus on the hiring, retention and advancement of underrepresented
populations, and to cultivate an inclusive and diverse corporate culture. In the future, we intend to continue to evaluate our use of
human capital measures or objectives in managing our business such as the factors we employ or seek to employ in the development, attraction
and retention of personnel and maintenance of diversity in our workforce. 

The
success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety
and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient
health and wellness programs, including benefits that provide protection and security so they can have peace of mind concerning events
that may require time away from work or that impact their financial well-being; that support their physical and mental health by providing
tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors; and that offer
choice where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families. 

We
also provide robust compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. We believe that we maintain a satisfactory
working relationship with our employees and have not experienced any labor disputes. 

Competition 

The
insurance brokerage business is highly competitive, and numerous firms actively compete with us for customers and insurance markets.
Competition is largely based upon innovation, knowledge, terms and conditions of coverage, quality of service and price. We believe that
we re well positioned to be highly competitive and continuously gain market share. Additionally, our focus on InsurTech is a game-changer
in the industry and helps us stand-out vs. the compention. 

The
Merger and Acquisition of Insurance Agencies is a highly competitive industry, as well. Competition is due to many well-established companies
having extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations who possess great technical, human, and financial resources.
Several firms and banks with substantially greater resources and market presence compete with us. While we believe that there are numerous
potential target businesses that we could acquire, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses might be limited. 

Government
Regulation 

The
business practices and compensation arrangements of the insurance intermediary industry, including our practices and arrangements, are
regulated by various governmental authorities. Certain of our offices are parties to profit-sharing contingent commission agreements
with certain insurance companies, including agreements providing for potential payment of revenue-sharing commissions by insurance companies
based primarily on the overall profitability of the aggregate business written with those insurance companies and/or additional factors
such as retention ratios and the overall volume of business that an office or offices place with those insurance companies. The legislatures
of various states may adopt new laws addressing contingent commission arrangements, including laws prohibiting such arrangements, and
addressing disclosure of such arrangements to insureds. 

We
and our employees must be licensed to act as brokers, intermediaries, or third-party administrators by state regulatory authorities in
the locations in which we conduct business. Regulations and licensing laws vary by individual state and are often complex. The applicable
licensing laws and regulations in all states are subject to amendment or reinterpretation by regulatory authorities, and such authorities
are vested in most cases with relatively broad discretion as to the granting, revocation, suspension, and renewal of licenses. We believe
that we are in compliance with the applicable licensing laws and regulations of all states in which we currently operate. However, the
possibility still exists that we or our employees could be excluded or temporarily suspended from carrying on some or all of our activities
in, or could otherwise be subjected to penalties by, a particular jurisdiction. 

Nearly
all states have insurance laws requiring personal property and casualty insurers to file rating plans, policy or coverage forms, and
other information with the state s regulatory authority. In many cases, such rating plans, policy, or coverage forms, must be approved
prior to use and the regulator has the authority to disapprove a rate filing. While we are not an insurer, and thus not required to comply
with state laws and regulations regarding insurance rates, our commissions are derived from a percentage of the premium rates set by
insurers in conjunction with state law. 

14 

Item
1a. RISK FACTORS 

The
following important factors, among others, could cause our actual operating results to differ materially from those indicated or
suggested by forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by management from time to
time. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. The risks described below
are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material may also
significantly impair our business operations. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our common
stock could decline due to any of these risks, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
may experience significant fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results. 

Fluctuations
in our quarterly and annual financial results have resulted and will continue to result from numerous factors, including: 

The
 Company having a limited operating history 

The
 Company has limited resources and there is significant competition for business combination opportunities. Therefore, the Company
 may not be able to acquire other assets or businesses 

The
 Company may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to complete an acquisition, or to complement the operations and
 growth of existing and target business, which could compel the Company to restructure a potential business transaction or abandon
 a particular business combination 

Our
 inability to retain or hire qualified employees, as well as the loss of any of our executive officers, could negatively impact our
 ability to retain existing business and generate new business 

Our
 growth strategy depends, in part, on the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries, which may not be available on acceptable
 terms in the future or which, if consummated, may not be advantageous to us 

A
 cybersecurity attack, or any other interruption in information technology and/or data security and/or outsourcing relationships,
 could adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation 

Rapid
 technological change may require additional resources and time to adequately respond to dynamics, which may adversely affect our
 business and operating results 

Changes
 in data privacy and protection laws and regulations, or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect
 our business and financial results 

Because
 our insurance business is highly concentrated in Michigan, New Jersey, Montana and Ohio, adverse economic conditions, natural disasters,
 or regulatory changes in these regions could adversely affect our financial condition 

If
 we fail to comply with the covenants contained in certain of our agreements, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition
 may be adversely affected 

Certain
 of our agreements contain various covenants that limit the discretion of our management in operating our business and could prevent
 us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities 

There
 are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance
 with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP). Any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions could
 have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and therefore our business 

Improper
 disclosure of confidential information could negatively impact our business 

Our
 business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be materially adversely affected by certain actual and potential
 claims, regulatory actions and proceedings 

These
factors, some of which are not within our control, may cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. If our operating
results fail to meet or exceed the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could drop suddenly and significantly.
Due to the Company s limited operating history, we believe period to period comparisons of our financial results are not always
meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 

15 

The
Company has limited resources and there is significant competition for business combination opportunities. Therefore, the Company may
not be able to acquire other assets or businesses. 

The
Company expects to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, which are also competing
for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human, financial and other resources. While the
Company believes that there are numerous potential target businesses that it could acquire, the Company s ability to compete in
acquiring certain sizable target businesses might be limited if the Company s limited financial resources are less than that of
its competitors. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. 

The
Company may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to complete an acquisition, or to Company the operations and growth
of existing and target business, which could compel the Company to restructure a potential business transaction or abandon a particular
business combination. 

To
date, much of our capital for acquiring and operating insurance agencies comes from funds provided by Reliance Global Holdings our affiliate,
loans from unaffiliated lenders, or from direct market capital raises. We may be required to seek additional financing. We cannot assure
you that such financing would be available on acceptable terms, if at all. If additional financing proves to be unavailable, we would
be compelled to restructure or existing business, or abandon a proposed acquisition or acquisitions. In addition, if we consummate additional
acquisitions, we may require additional financing to complement the operations or growth of that business. The failure to secure additional
financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of our business. 

We hold our cash and cash
equivalents that we use to meet our working capital and operating expense needs in deposit accounts that could be adversely affected if
the financial institution holding such funds fail. 

We
hold our cash and cash equivalents that we use to meet our working capital and operating expense needs in deposit accounts at one financial
institution. The balance held in these accounts exceeds the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, standard deposit insurance
limit of 250,000. If the financial institution in which we hold such funds fails or is subject to significant adverse conditions in the
financial or credit markets, we could be subject to a risk of loss of all or a portion of such uninsured funds or be subject to a delay
in accessing all or a portion of such uninsured funds. Any such loss or lack of access to these funds could adversely impact our short-term
liquidity and ability to meet our operating expense obligations, including payroll obligations. 

For example, on March 10,
2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, and Signature Bank, were closed by state regulators and the FDIC was appointed receiver for each bank.
The FDIC created successor bridge banks and all deposits of SVB and Signature Bank were transferred to the bridge banks under a systemic
risk exception approved by the United States Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. If the financial institution
in which we hold funds for working capital and operating expenses were to fail, we cannot provide any assurances that such governmental
agencies would take action to protect our uninsured deposits or investments in a similar manner. 

Our
inability to retain or hire qualified employees, as well as the loss of any of our executive officers, could negatively impact our ability
to retain existing business and generate new business. 

Our
success depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled and experienced personnel. There is significant competition from within
the insurance industry and from businesses outside the industries for exceptional employees, especially in key positions. If we are not
able to successfully attract, retain and motivate our employees, our business, financial results and reputation could be materially and
adversely affected. 

Losing
employees who manage or support substantial customer relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect
our ability to secure and complete customer engagements, which would adversely affect our results of operations. Also, if any of our
key personnel were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company, some of our customers could choose to use the services
of that competitor instead of our services. While our key personnel are generally prohibited by contract from soliciting our employees
and customers for a two-year period following separation from employment with us, they are not prohibited from competing with us. 

In
addition, we could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our senior leaders and key executives. We
cannot guarantee that the services of these executives will continue to be available to us. The loss of our senior leaders or other key
personnel, or our inability to continue to identify, recruit and retain such personnel, or to do so at reasonable compensation levels,
could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Our
growth strategy depends, in part, on the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries, which may not be available on acceptable terms
in the future or which, if consummated, may not be advantageous to us. 

Our
growth strategy partially includes the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries. Our ability to successfully identify suitable acquisition
candidates, complete acquisitions, integrate acquired businesses into our operations, and expand into new markets requires us to implement
and continuously improve our operations and our financial and management information systems. Integrated, acquired businesses may not
achieve levels of revenues or profitability comparable to our existing operations, or otherwise perform as expected. In addition, we
compete for acquisition and expansion opportunities with firms and banks that may have substantially greater resources than we do. Acquisitions
also involve a number of special risks, such as diversion of management s attention; difficulties in the integration of acquired
operations and retention of personnel; increase in expenses and working capital requirements, which could reduce our return on invested
capital; entry into unfamiliar markets or lines of business; unanticipated problems or legal liabilities; estimation of the acquisition
earn-out payables; and tax and accounting issues, some or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. Post-acquisition deterioration of operating performance could also result in lower or negative earnings
contribution and/or goodwill impairment charges. 

16 

A
cybersecurity attack, or any other interruption in information technology and/or data security and/or outsourcing relationships, could
adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation. 

We
rely on information technology and third-party vendors to provide effective and efficient service to our customers, process claims, and
timely and accurately report information to carriers and which often involves secure processing of confidential sensitive, proprietary
and other types of information. Cybersecurity breaches of any of the systems we rely on may result from circumvention of security systems,
denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, phishing attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, employee
or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions, any of which could expose us to data loss, monetary
and reputational damages and significant increases in compliance costs. An interruption of our access to, or an inability to access,
our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a
timely basis. If sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration
of our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other
necessary business functions. We have from time-to-time experienced cybersecurity breaches, such as computer viruses, unauthorized parties
gaining access to our information technology systems and similar incidents, which to date have not had a material impact on our business. 

Additionally,
we are an acquisitive organization and the process of integrating the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and
exposes us to additional risk as we might not adequately identify weaknesses in the targets information systems, which could expose
us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to attack. In the future, any material breaches of cybersecurity,
or media reports of the same, even if untrue, could cause us to experience reputational harm, loss of clients and revenue, loss of proprietary
data, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard clients 
information or financial losses. Such losses may not be insured against or not fully covered through insurance we maintain. 

Rapid
technological change may require additional resources and time to adequately respond to dynamics, which may adversely affect our business
and operating results. 

Frequent
technological changes, new products and services and evolving industry standards are influencing the insurance businesses. The Internet,
for example, is increasingly used to securely transmit benefits, property and personal information, and related information to customers
and to facilitate business-to-business information exchange and transactions. 

We
are continuously taking steps to upgrade and expand our information systems capabilities. Maintaining, protecting and enhancing these
capabilities to keep pace with evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences, requires an ongoing commitment
of significant resources. If the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail
to effectively maintain our information systems and data integrity, we could experience operational disruptions, regulatory or other
legal problems, increases in operating expenses, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, or suffer other
adverse consequences. 

Changes
in data privacy and protection laws and regulations, or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect
our business and financial results. 

We
are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations globally regarding privacy, data protection, and
data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data.
Significant uncertainty exists as privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country
and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. These laws apply to transfers of information among our affiliates, as well as
to transactions we enter into with third party vendors. These and similar initiatives around the world could increase the cost of developing,
implementing or securing our servers and require us to allocate more resources to improved technologies, adding to our information technology
and compliance costs. In addition, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents
and privacy violations continue to increase. The enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, regulations or future enforcement actions
or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory
penalties and significant legal liability. 

17 

Because our insurance
business is highly concentrated in Michigan, New York, Montana and Ohio, Florida, and Illinois adverse economic conditions, natural disasters,
or regulatory changes in these regions could adversely affect our financial condition. 

A
significant portion of our insurance business is concentrated in Michigan, New York, Montana, Ohio, Florida, and Illinois. For the years
ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 we derived 16,755,884 and 9,710,334 respectively or 100 , of our annual revenue, respectively, from
our operations located in these regions (FYE 2022 - Michigan 38 , New York 2 , Montana 11 , Ohio 13 ,
Florida 30 , and Illinois 7 . FYE 2021 - Michigan 56.64 , New Jersey 3.44 , Montana 17.97 and
Ohio 21.95 ). The insurance business is primarily a state-regulated industry, and therefore, state legislatures may enact
laws that adversely affect the insurance industry. Because our business is concentrated in these four states, we face greater exposure
to unfavorable changes in regulatory conditions in those states than insurance intermediaries whose operations are more diversified through
a greater number of states. In addition, the occurrence of adverse economic conditions, natural or other disasters, or other circumstances
specific to or otherwise significantly impacting these states could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. We are susceptible to losses and interruptions caused by hurricanes or other weather conditions, and other possible events
such as terrorist acts and other natural or man-made disasters. Our insurance coverage with respect to natural disasters is limited and
is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. Such coverage may not be adequate or may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable
rates and terms. 

If we fail to comply with the covenants contained in certain of our
agreements, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

The Oak Street credit agreements,
in the aggregate principal amount of 13,782,223 and 8,133,925, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, that govern our debt contain various
covenants and other limitations with which we must comply including a debt to EBITDA ratio covenant and a covenant that at all times that
the loans are outstanding: (i) Ezra Beyman, our chief executive officer, Debra Beyman, Mr. Beyman s wife, or Yaakov Beyman, son
of Mr. and Ms. Beyman, or someone else approved by Oak Street, as applicable, will be the manager of the current subsidiaries of the Company,
(ii) Mr. Ezra Beyman will be President and Chairperson of the Board of the Company, and (iii) Reliance Holdings will continue to remain
a shareholder of the Company s equity and Ezra and Debra will be the sole owners of Reliance Holdings as tenants in entirety. The
credit agreements also contain provisions which cause a cross default if we default our obligations under other material
contracts to which we are parties. The credit agreements contain customary and usual events of default, including, subject to certain
specified cure periods and notice requirements, the Company s or one of its subsidiaries failure to comply with the covenants
therein. Upon an event of default, the lender has customary and usual remedies to cure these defaults including, but not limited to, the
ability to accelerate the indebtedness. 

The
credit agreements contain financial covenants including debt service coverage ratio and debt to EBIDTA tests. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company passes the debt service coverage test and slightly exceeds the debt to EBITDA limit. Oak Street has committed to providing
the Company with a waiver for the debt to EBITDA test and will increase the limit for the first three quarters of 2023 so that the Company
remains in compliance. As of December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants. 

Certain of our agreements contain various covenants
that limit the discretion of our management in operating our business and could prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial
activities. 

The restrictive covenants in our debt agreements may
impact how we operate our business and prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities. In particular, among other
covenants, our debt agreements require us to maintain a minimum ratio of Consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization), adjusted for certain transaction-related items Consolidated EBITDA ), to consolidated interest expense
and a maximum ratio of consolidated net indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA. Our compliance with these covenants could limit management s
discretion in operating our business and could prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities. 

There are inherent
uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S.
GAAP. Any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of
operations and therefore our business. 

The preparation of financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP involves making estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets (including
intangible assets), liabilities and related reserves, revenues, expenses, and income. Estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently
subject to change in the future, and any such changes could result in corresponding changes to the values of assets, liabilities, revenues,
expenses and income, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

18 

Improper
disclosure of confidential information could negatively impact our business. 

We
are responsible for maintaining the security and privacy of our customers confidential and proprietary information and the personal
data of their employees. We have put in place policies, procedures and technological safeguards designed to protect the security and
privacy of this information; however, we cannot guarantee that this information will not be improperly disclosed or accessed. Disclosure
of this information could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under our contracts and laws that protect personal data, resulting
in increased costs or loss of revenues. 

Our
business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be materially adversely affected by certain actual and potential
claims, regulatory actions and proceedings. 

We
are subject to various actual and potential claims, regulatory actions and other proceedings including those relating to alleged errors
and omissions in connection with the placement or servicing of insurance and/or the provision of services in the ordinary course of business,
of which we cannot, and likely will not be able to, predict the outcome with certainty. Because we often assist customers with matters
involving substantial amounts of money, including the placement of insurance and the handling of related claims that customers may assert,
errors and omissions claims against us may arise alleging potential liability for all or part of the amounts in question. Also, the failure
of an insurer with whom we place business could result in errors and omissions claims against us by our customers, which could adversely
affect our results of operations and financial condition. Claimants may seek large damage awards, and these claims may involve potentially
significant legal costs, including punitive damages. Such claims, lawsuits and other proceedings could, for example, include claims for
damages based upon allegations that our employees or sub-agents failed to procure coverage, report claims on behalf of customers, provide
insurance companies with complete and accurate information relating to the risks being insured or appropriately apply funds that we hold
for our customers on a fiduciary basis. In addition, given the long-tail nature of professional liability claims, errors and omissions
matters can relate to matters dating back many years. Where appropriate, we have established provisions against these potential matters
that we believe to be adequate in the light of current information and legal advice, and we adjust such provisions from time to time
according to developments. 

While
most of the errors and omissions claims made against us (subject to our self-insured deductibles) have been covered by our professional
indemnity insurance, our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be adversely affected if, in the future,
our insurance coverage proves to be inadequate or unavailable, or if there is an increase in liabilities for which we self-insure. Our
ability to obtain professional indemnity insurance in the amounts and with the deductibles we desire in the future may be adversely impacted
by general developments in the market for such insurance or our own claims experience. In addition, regardless of monetary costs, these
matters could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and cause harm to our carrier, customer or employee relationships, or
divert personnel and management resources. 

Our
business could be adversely impacted by inflation. 

Increases
in inflation may have an adverse effect on our business. Current and future inflationary effects may be driven by, among other things,
supply chain disruptions and governmental stimulus or fiscal policies. Continuing increases in inflation could impact the overall demand
for our products, our costs for labor, material and services, and the margins we are able to realize on our products, all of which could
have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Inflation may also result in higher
interest rates, which in turn would result in higher interest 

Risks
Related to the Insurance Industry 

We
may experience increased competition from insurance companies, technology companies and the financial services industry, as well as the
shift away from traditional insurance markets. 

The
insurance intermediary business is highly competitive and we actively compete with numerous firms for customers, properties and insurance
companies, many of which have relationships with insurance companies, or have a significant presence in niche insurance markets that
may give them an advantage over us. Other competitive concerns may include the quality of our products and services, our pricing and
the ability of some of our customers to self-insure and the entrance of technology companies into the insurance intermediary business.
A number of insurance companies are engaged in the direct sale of insurance, primarily to individuals, and do not pay commissions to
agents and brokers. In addition, and to the extent that banks, securities firms, private equity companies, and insurance companies affiliate,
the financial services industry may experience further consolidation, and we therefore may experience increased competition from insurance
companies and the financial services industry, as a growing number of larger financial institutions increasingly, and aggressively, offer
a wider variety of financial services, including insurance intermediary services. 

Worsening
of Current U.S. economic conditions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russian Federation Military Action may adversely affect
our business. 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that
the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position or results of its operations, the specific impact is
not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

19 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further,
the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements
and the specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as
of the date of these financial statements. 

If
economic conditions were to worsen, a number of negative effects on our business could result, including declines in values of insurable
exposure units, declines in insurance premium rates, the financial insolvency of insurance companies, the reduced ability of customers
to pay, declines in the stock of residential housing or declines in property values. Also, if general economic conditions are poor, some
of our customers may cease operations completely or be acquired by other companies, which could have an adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial condition. If these customers are affected by poor economic conditions, but yet remain in existence, they
may face liquidity problems or other financial difficulties that could result in delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could
have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. Any of these effects could decrease
our net revenues and profitability. 

Our
business, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition, may be adversely affected by conditions that result in reduced
insurer capacity. 

Our
results of operations depend on the continued capacity of insurance carriers to underwrite risk and provide coverage, which depends in
turn on those insurance companies ability to procure reinsurance. Capacity could also be reduced by insurance companies failing
or withdrawing from writing certain coverages that we offer to our customers. We have no control over these matters. To the extent that
reinsurance becomes less widely available or significantly more expensive, we may not be able to procure the amount or types of coverage
that our customers desire and the coverage we are able to procure for our customers may be more expensive or limited. 

Quarterly
and annual variations in our commissions that result from the timing of policy renewals and the net effect of new and lost business production
may have unexpected effects on our results of operations. 

Our
commission income (including profit-sharing contingent commissions and override commissions) can vary quarterly or annually due to the
timing of policy renewals and the net effect of new and lost business production. We do not control the factors that cause these variations.
Specifically, customers demand for insurance products can influence the timing of renewals, new business and lost business (which
includes policies that are not renewed), and cancellations. In addition, we rely on insurance companies for the payment of certain commissions.
Because these payments are processed internally by these insurance companies, we may not receive a payment that is otherwise expected
from a particular insurance company in a particular quarter or year until after the end of that period, which can adversely affect our
ability to forecast these revenues and therefore budget for significant future expenditures. Quarterly and annual fluctuations in revenues
based upon increases and decreases associated with the timing of new business, policy renewals and payments from insurance companies
may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Profit-sharing
contingent commissions are special revenue-sharing commissions paid by insurance companies based upon the profitability, volume and/or
growth of the business placed with such companies generally during the prior year. Override commissions are paid by insurance companies
based upon the volume of business that we place with them and are generally paid over the course of the year. Because profit-sharing
contingent commissions and override commissions affect our revenues, any decrease in their payment to us could adversely affect our results
of operations, profitability, and our financial condition. 

Our
business practices and compensation arrangements are subject to uncertainty due to potential changes in regulations. 

The
business practices and compensation arrangements of the insurance intermediary industry, including our practices and arrangements, are
subject to uncertainty due to investigations by various governmental authorities. Certain of our offices are parties to profit-sharing
contingent commission agreements with certain insurance companies, including agreements providing for potential payment of revenue-sharing
commissions by insurance companies based primarily on the overall profitability of the aggregate business written with those insurance
companies and/or additional factors such as retention ratios and the overall volume of business that an office or offices place with
those insurance companies. Additionally, to a lesser extent, some of our offices are parties to override commission agreements with certain
insurance companies, which provide for commission rates in excess of standard commission rates to be applied to specific lines of business,
such as group health business, and which are based primarily on the overall volume of business that such office or offices placed with
those insurance companies. The legislatures of various states may adopt new laws addressing contingent commission arrangements, including
laws prohibiting such arrangements, and addressing disclosure of such arrangements to insureds. Various state departments of insurance
may also adopt new regulations addressing these matters which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We
may have unforeseen risks as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic 

The
spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak in the United States has resulted in economic uncertainties which may negatively impact
the Company s business operations. While the disruption is expected to be temporary, there is uncertainty surrounding the duration
and extent of the impact. 

20 

Adverse
events such as health-related concerns about working in our offices, the inability to travel and other matters affecting the general
work environment could harm our business and our business strategy. While we do not anticipate any material impact to our business operations
as a result of the coronavirus, in the event of a major disruption caused by the outbreak of pandemic diseases such as coronavirus, we
may lose the services of our employees or experience system interruptions, which could lead to diminishment of our business operations.
Any of the foregoing could harm our business and delay the implementation of our business strategy and we cannot anticipate all the ways
in which the current global health crisis and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 

Management
is actively monitoring the global situation on its financial condition, liquidity, operations, industry and workforce. 

Risk
of lack of knowledge in distant geographic markets 

Although
the Company intends to focus its investments in locations with which we are generally familiar, the Company runs a risk of experiencing
underwriting challenges or issues associated with a lack of familiarity in some markets. Each market has nuances and idiosyncrasies that
affect values, marketability, desirability, and demand for individual assets that may not be easily understood from afar. While we believe
we can effectively mitigate these risks in a myriad of ways, there is no guarantee that investments in any geographic market will perform
as expected. 

Potential
liability or other expenditures associated with potential environmental contamination may be costly. 

Various
federal, state and local laws subject multifamily residential community owners or operators to liability for management, and the costs
of removal or remediation, of certain potentially hazardous materials that may be present in the land or buildings of a multifamily residential
community. Potentially hazardous materials may include polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum-based fuels, lead-based paint or asbestos,
among other materials. Such laws often impose liability without regard to fault or whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible
for, the presence of such materials. The presence of, or the failure to manage or remediate properly, these materials may adversely affect
occupancy at such apartment communities as well as the ability to sell or finance such apartment communities. In addition, governmental
agencies may bring claims for costs associated with investigation and remediation actions, damages to natural resources and for potential
fines or penalties in connection with such damage or with respect to the improper management of hazardous materials. Moreover, private
plaintiffs may potentially make claims for investigation and remediation costs they incur or personal injury, disease, disability or
other infirmities related to the alleged presence of hazardous materials at a multifamily residential community. In addition to potential
environmental liabilities or costs associated with our current multifamily residential communities, we may also be responsible for such
liabilities or costs associated with communities we acquire or manage in the future, or multifamily residential communities we no longer
own or operate. 

We
compete in a highly regulated industry, which may result in increased expenses or restrictions on our operations. 

We
conduct business in several states of the United States of America and are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by government
agencies in each of those states. The primary purpose of such regulation and supervision is to provide safeguards for policyholders rather
than to protect the interests of our shareholders, and it is difficult to anticipate how changes in such regulation would be implemented
and enforced. As a result, such regulation and supervision could reduce our profitability or growth by increasing compliance costs, technology
compliance, restricting the products or services we may sell, the markets we may enter, the methods by which we may sell our products
and services, or the prices we may charge for our services and the form of compensation we may accept from our customers, carriers and
third parties. The laws of the various state jurisdictions establish supervisory agencies with broad administrative powers with respect
to, among other things, licensing of entities to transact business, licensing of agents, admittance of assets, regulating premium rates,
approving policy forms, regulating unfair trade and claims practices, determining technology and data protection requirements, establishing
reserve requirements and solvency standards, requiring participation in guarantee funds and shared market mechanisms, and restricting
payment of dividends. Also, in response to perceived excessive cost or inadequacy of available insurance, states have from time to time
created state insurance funds and assigned risk pools, which compete directly, on a subsidized basis, with private insurance providers.
We act as agents and brokers for such state insurance funds and assigned risk pools in Michigan as well as certain other states. These
state funds and pools could choose to reduce the sales or brokerage commissions we receive. Any such reductions, in a state in which
we have substantial operations could affect the profitability of our operations in such state or cause us to change our marketing focus.
Further, state insurance regulators and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners continually re-examine existing laws and
regulations, and such re-examination may result in the enactment of insurance-related laws and regulations, or the issuance of interpretations
thereof, that adversely affect our business. Certain federal financial services modernization legislation could lead to additional federal
regulation of the insurance industry in the coming years, which could result in increased expenses or restrictions on our operations.
Other legislative developments that could adversely affect us include: changes in our business compensation model as a result of regulatory
developments (for example, the Affordable Care Act); and federal and state governments establishing programs to provide health insurance
or, in certain cases, property insurance in catastrophe-prone areas or other alternative market types of coverage, that compete with,
or completely replace, insurance products offered by insurance carriers. Also, as climate change issues become more prevalent, the U.S.
and foreign governments are beginning to respond to these issues. This increasing governmental focus on climate change may result in
new environmental regulations that may negatively affect us and our customers. This could cause us to incur additional direct costs in
complying with any new environmental regulations, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers incurring additional
compliance costs that get passed on to us. These costs may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

Although
we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with applicable local, state and federal laws, rules and regulations, there
can be no assurance that more restrictive laws, rules, regulations or interpretations thereof, will not be adopted in the future that
could make compliance more difficult or expensive. 

21 

Risks Related to Investing
in our Securities 

We may experience volatility
in our stock price that could affect your investment. 

The market price of our common
stock may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to various factors, including: quarterly fluctuations in our operating results;
changes in securities analysts estimates of our future earnings; changes in securities analysts predictions regarding the
short-term and long-term future of our industry; changes to the tax code; and our loss of significant customers or significant business
developments relating to us or our competitors. Our common stock s market price also may be affected by our inability to meet stock
analysts earnings and other expectations. Any failure to meet such expectations, even if minor, could cause the market price of
our common stock to decline. In addition, stock markets have generally experienced a high level of price and volume volatility, and the
market prices of equity securities of many listed companies have experienced wide price fluctuations not necessarily related to the operating
performance of such companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect our common stock s market price. In the past,
securities class action lawsuits frequently have been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price
of such companies securities. If any such litigation is initiated against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion
of management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows. 

Our failure to meet
the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting of our common stock. 

Our shares of common stock
are currently listed on Nasdaq. If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market, such as the corporate
governance requirements, minimum bid price requirement or the minimum stockholders equity requirement, Nasdaq may take steps to
delist our common stock. Any delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair stockholders 
ability to sell or purchase their common stock when they wish to do so. 

As
previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2022 by the Company on September 27, 2022, the Company received
written notice from Nasdaq s Listing Qualifications Department notifying the Company that for the preceding 30 consecutive business
days (August 15, 2022 through September 26, 2022), the Company s common stock did not maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1.00
per share as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). The notice had no immediate effect on the listing or trading of the Company s
common stock and the common stock continued to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol RELI. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule
5810(c)(3)(A), the Company had a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until March 27, 2023, to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2). 

On
March 9, 2023, Nasdaq s Listing Qualifications Department notified the Company that it had regained compliance with Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2). 

Any perception that we may not comply with Nasdaq
continued listing requirements or a delisting of our common stock by Nasdaq could adversely affect our ability to attract new investors,
decrease the liquidity of the outstanding shares of our common stock, reduce the price at which such shares trade and increase the transaction
costs inherent in trading such shares with overall negative effects for our stockholders. In addition, delisting of our common stock from
Nasdaq could deter broker-dealers from making a market in or otherwise seeking or generating interest in our common stock, and might deter
certain institutions and persons from investing in our common stock. 

The Company s CEO has a significant common stock equity interest. 

As of March 30, 2023, our CEO, Ezra Beyman, is the
beneficial owner of approximately 25 of the common stock, consisting of 394,402 common shares. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
loan balances due from affiliated entities to our CEO, Reliance Global Holdings LLC and YES Americana Group, LLC, were approximately 100,724
and 1,500,000. 

22 

Under
our credit agreements with Oak Street, the Company has agreed that at all times that the loans are outstanding: (i) Ezra Beyman, our
chief executive officer, Debra Beyman, Mr. Beyman s wife, or Yaakov Beyman, son of Mr. and Ms. Beyman, or someone else approved
by Oak Street, as applicable, will be the manager of the current subsidiaries of the Company, (ii) Mr. Ezra Beyman will be President
and Chairperson of the Board of the Company, and (iii) Reliance Holdings will continue to remain a shareholder of the Company s
equity and Ezra and Debra will be the sole owners of Reliance Holdings as tenants in entirety. The loans by Oak Street, immediately mature
and become due and payable if the Company fails to comply with these provisions, subject to certain notice and/or cure periods. 

Broad
discretion of management 

Any
person who invests in the Company s common stock will do so without an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of
any prospective acquisition. As a result, investors will be entirely dependent on the broad discretion and judgment of management in
connection with the selection of acquisitions. There can be no assurance that determinations made by the Company s management will
permit us to achieve the Company s business objectives. 

Future
sales or other dilution of our equity could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We
grow our business organically as well as through acquisitions. One method of acquiring companies or otherwise Companying our corporate
activities is through the issuance of additional equity securities. The issuance of any additional shares of common or of preferred stock
or convertible securities could be substantially dilutive to holders of our common stock. Moreover, to the extent that we issue restricted
stock units, performance stock units, options or warrants to purchase shares of our common stock in the future and those options or warrants
are exercised or as the restricted stock units or performance stock units vest, our stockholders may experience further dilution. Holders
of our common stock have no preemptive rights that entitle holders to purchase their pro rata share of any offering of shares of any
class or series and, therefore, such sales or offerings could result in increased dilution to our stockholders. The market price of our
common stock could decline as a result of sales of shares of our common stock or the perception that such sales could occur. 

The
price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, and this may make it difficult for you to resell shares of common stock owned
by you at times or at prices you find attractive. 

The
trading price of our common stock may fluctuate widely as a result of a number of factors, including the risk factors described above
many of which are outside our control. In addition, the stock market is subject to fluctuations in the share prices and trading volumes
that affect the market prices of the shares of many companies. These broad market fluctuations have adversely affected and may continue
to adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Among the factors that could affect our stock price are: 

General
 economic and political conditions such as recessions, economic downturns and acts of war or terrorism; 

Quarterly
 variations in our operating results; 

Seasonality
 of our business cycle; 

Changes
 in the market s expectations about our operating results; 

Our
 operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 

Changes
 in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us or the insurance brokerage or financial services
 industries in general; 

Operating
 and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 

News
 reports relating to trends in our markets, including any expectations regarding an upcoming hard or soft 
 market; 

Cyberattacks
 and other cybersecurity incidents; 

Changes
 in laws and regulations affecting our business; 

Material
 announcements by us or our competitors; 

The
 impact or perceived impact of developments relating to our investments, including the possible perception by securities analysts
 or investors that such investments divert management attention from our core operations; 

Market
 volatility; 

A
 negative market reaction to announced acquisitions; 

Competitive
 pressures in each of our divisions; 

23 

General
 conditions in the insurance brokerage and insurance industries; 

Legal
 proceedings or regulatory investigations; 

Sales
 of substantial amounts of common shares by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such
 sales could occur. 

Stockholder
class action lawsuits may be instituted against us following a period of volatility in our stock price. Any such litigation could result
in substantial cost and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 

We can provide no assurance that our common
stock or the warrants will always meet the Nasdaq continued listing standards. 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the Nasdaq.
We can provide no assurance that that an active trading market on Nasdaq for our common stock and the warrants will develop and continue.
If our common stock remains quoted on or reverts to an over-the-counter system rather than being listed on a national securities exchange,
you may find it more difficult to dispose of shares of our common stock or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common
stock. 

Possible
issuance of additional securities. 

Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance
of 133,333,333 shares of common stock, par value 0.086 per share. As of December 31, 2022 we had 1,219,573 shares issued and outstanding.
We may be expected to issue additional shares in connection with our pursuit of new business opportunities and new business operations.
To the extent that additional shares of common stock are issued, our shareholders would experience dilution of their respective ownership
interests. If we issue shares of common stock in connection with our intent to pursue new business opportunities, a change in control
of the Company may be expected to occur. The issuance of additional shares of common stock may adversely affect the market price of our
common stock, in the event that an active trading market commences. 

We
could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity attacks. 

We
may use a variety of information technology systems in the ordinary course of business, which are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized
access, computer viruses and cyberattacks, including cyberattacks to our information technology infrastructure and attempts by others
to gain access to our propriety or sensitive information, and ranging from individual attempts to advanced persistent threats. The risk
of such a security breach or disruption has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and
intrusions from around the world have increased and will likely continue to increase in the future. The procedures and controls we use
to monitor these threats and mitigate our exposure may not be sufficient to prevent cyber security incidents. The results of these incidents
could include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, theft of trade secrets or other intellectual property, liability
for disclosure of confidential customer, supplier or employee information, increased costs arising from the implementation of additional
security protective measures, regulatory enforcement litigation and reputational damage, which could materially adversely affect our
financial condition, business and results of operations. These risks require continuous and likely increasing attention and other resources
from us to, among other actions, identify and quantify these risks, upgrade and expand our technologies, systems and processes to adequately
address them and provide periodic training for employees to assist them in detecting phishing, malware and other schemes. Such attention
diverts time and other resources from other activities and there is no assurance that our efforts will be effective. Additionally, the
cost of maintaining and improving such systems and processes, procedures and internal controls may increase from its current level. Potential
sources for disruption, damage or failure of our information technology systems include, without limitation, computer viruses, security
breaches, human error, cyberattacks, natural disasters and defects in design. Additionally, we rely on third party service providers
for certain aspects of our business. We can provide no assurance that the networks and systems that our third party vendors have established
or use will be effective. Even if we are not targeted directly, cyberattacks on the U.S. and foreign governments, financial markets,
financial institutions, or other businesses, including vendors, software creators, cybersecurity service providers, and other third parties
with whom we do business, may occur, and such events could disrupt our normal business operations and networks in the future. 

We
are subject to a variety of federal, state and international laws and other obligations regarding data protection. 

We
are subject to a variety of federal, state and international laws and other obligations regarding data protection. Several jurisdictions
have passed laws in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. These laws continue to develop
and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging and changing domestic and international requirements
may cause us or our businesses to incur substantial costs or require us or one of our businesses to change its business practices. Any
failure by us to comply with our own privacy policy, applicable association rules, or with other federal, state or international privacy-related
or data protection laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. 

Dividends
unlikely. 

The
Company does not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends will be contingent upon the Company s
future revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and overall financial conditions. The payment of any future dividends will
be within the discretion of the Company s board of directors as then constituted. It is the Company s expectation that future
management following a business combination will determine to retain any earnings for use in its business operations and accordingly,
the Company does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Speculative
Nature of Warrants. 

The warrants offered in our February 2021 offering
do not confer any rights of common stock ownership on their holders, such as voting rights or the right to receive dividends, but rather
merely represent the right to acquire shares of our common stock at a fixed price for a limited period of time. Specifically, commencing
on the date of issuance, holders of the Series A Warrants may exercise their right to acquire the common stock and pay an exercise price
of 99.00 per share (110 of the public offering price of our common stock and warrants in the February-2021 offering), prior to five
years from the date of issuance, after which date any unexercised warrants will expire and have no further value. 

By entering into the Private Placement (as hereinunder
defined in this Annual Report on From 10-K), on December 22, 2021, we entered into a commitment to issue B Warrants on the Initial Closing
Date for a fixed price and exercise price, as applicable. The commitment to issue Series B Warrants (the Warrant Commitment represents a financial instrument, other than an outstanding share, that, at inception, has both of the following characteristics: (i)
embodies a conditional obligation indexed to the Company s equity shares and (ii) may require the Company to settle the obligation
by transferring assets. Under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, it was required to be initially measured and subsequently
remeasured, at fair value as an asset or liability with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. The Series B Warrant has an exercise
price of 61.35 per share, subject to customary adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, reclassifications and the like, and subject
to price-based adjustment, on a full ratchet basis, in the event of any issuances of Common Stock, or securities convertible,
exercisable or exchangeable for, Common Stock at a price below the then-applicable exercise price (subject to certain exceptions, including
a floor price of 57.60 per share of Common Stock, until the Company has received shareholder approval for the sale of securities in the
Private Placement). The Series B Warrants are exercisable commencing on the date of issuance, and will expire five years from the date
of issuance. 

Moreover,
following these offerings, the market value of the warrants is uncertain and there can be no assurance that the market value of the warrants
will equal or exceed their public offering price. There can be no assurance that the market price of the common stock will ever equal
or exceed the exercise price of the warrants, and consequently, whether it will ever be profitable for holders of the warrants to exercise
the warrants. 

24 

State
blue sky registration; potential limitations on resale of the Company s common stock 

The holders of the Company s shares of common
stock registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Securities Act and those persons who desire
to purchase them in any trading market that may develop in the future, should be aware that there may be state blue-sky law restrictions
upon the ability of investors to resell the Company s securities. Accordingly, investors should consider the secondary market for
the Company s securities to be a limited one. 

Changes
in tax laws could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The
tax regimes we are subject to or operate under, including income and non-income taxes, are unsettled and may be subject to significant
change. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act (the
 IRA was signed into law on August 16, 2022 and was effective beginning in fiscal 2023. The IRA imposes a 15 minimum tax
for large corporations on global adjusted financial statement income for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, and a 1 excise
tax on certain share repurchases occurring after December 31, 2022. We do not currently expect that the IRA will have a material impact
on our income tax liability, but will continue to monitor this change in future periods. We
are unable to predict what changes to the tax laws of the U.S. and other jurisdictions may be proposed or enacted in the future or what
effect such changes would have on our business. Any significant increase in our future effective tax rate could have a material adverse
impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Expectations
of our company relating to environmental, social and governance factors may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 

 There
is an increasing focus from certain investors, customers and other key stakeholders concerning corporate responsibility, specifically
related to environmental, social and governance ESG factors. We expect that an increased focus on ESG considerations
will affect some aspects of our operations, particularly as we expand into new geographic markets. There are a number of constituencies
that are involved in a range of ESG issues, including investors, special interest groups, public and consumer interest groups and third-party
service providers. As a result, there is an increased emphasis on corporate responsibility ratings and a number of third parties provide
reports on companies in order to measure and assess corporate responsibility performance. In addition, the ESG factors by which companies 
corporate responsibility practices are assessed may change, which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake
costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. Alternatively, if we are unable to satisfy such new criteria, investors may conclude
that our policies with respect to corporate responsibility are inadequate. We risk damage to our brand and reputation in the event that
our corporate responsibility procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by various constituencies. In the future, we may be
required to make substantial investments in matters related to ESG which could require significant investment and impact our results
of operations. Any failure in our decision-making or related investments in this regard could affect consumer perceptions as to our brand.
Furthermore, if our competitors corporate responsibility performance is perceived to be greater than ours, potential or current
investors may elect to invest with our competitors instead. In addition, in the event that we communicate certain initiatives and goals
regarding ESG matters, we could fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives or goals, or we could be criticized
for the scope of such initiatives or goals. If we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors and other key stakeholders or our initiatives
are not executed as planned, our reputation and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Below
is a schedule of the properties we currently occupy: 

Entity Name 
 Location 
 Own/Lease 
 Description 
 Approx. Sq. Footage 
 Lease Term 
 Monthly Rent in USD 
 
 Employee Benefits Solutions 
 Cadillac, Michigan 
 Lease 
 Office Building 
 3,024 
 10/2019 9/2024 
 2,400 
 
 Southwestern Montana Insurance Center 
 Helena, Montana 
 Lease 
 Office Building 
 1,500 
 Monthly 
 1,500 
 
 Southwestern Montana Insurance Center 
 Belgrade, Montana 
 Lease 
 Office Building 
 6,000 
 4/2019 3/2023 
 Lease renewal expected 
 7,000 
 
 Fortman Insurance Center 
 Bluffton, Ohio 
 Lease 
 Office Building 
 990 
 9/2020 8/2023 
 555 
 
 Fortman Insurance Center 
 Ottawa, Ohio 
 Lease 
 Office Building 
 2,386 
 5/2019 4/2024 
 2,400 
 
 Commercial Coverage Solutions/UIS 
 Pomona, New York 
 Lease 
 Office Building 
 1,000 
 8/2020 8/2023 
 3,667 
 
 Altruis Benefits Consultants 
 Bingham Farms, MI 
 Lease 
 Office Building 
 1,767 
 6/2021 5/2024 
 4,855 
 
 Reliance Global Group, Inc. 
 Lakewood, NJ 
 Lease 
 Office Building 
 4,436 
 6/2021 3/2029 
 9,174 
 
 J.P. Kush and Associates 
 Troy, MI 
 Lease 
 Office Building 
 1,400 
 4/2022 4/2025 
 2,980 
 
 Medigap Health Insurance Company, LLC 
 Boca Raton, FL 
 Lease 
 Office Building 
 
 2/2022 12/2023 
 15,215 
 
 Barra Associates, LLC 
 Schaumburg, IL 
 Lease 
 Office Building 
 
 4/2022 05/2025 
 3,608 
 
 Reliance Global Group, Inc. 
 Suffern, NY 
 Lease 
 Office Building 
 
 9/2022 8/2024 
 2,000 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we are subject to various legal
proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted, arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these claims
cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not believe the outcome of any of these matters will have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Litigation relating to the insurance brokerage industry is
not uncommon. As such the Company, from time to time have been, subject to such litigation. No assurances can be given with respect to
the extent or outcome of any such litigation in the future. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

25 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately
495 holders of record of our ordinary shares, although there is a much larger number of beneficial owners. 

Dividends 

The Company has never paid any cash dividends and
does not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain funds and future earnings to support operations
and to finance the growth and development of our business. The payment of dividends will be contingent upon the Company s future
revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, overall financial condition, and other factors that our board of directors deems
relevant. The payment of any future dividends will be within the discretion of the Company s board of directors as then constituted.
It is the Company s expectation that future management following a business combination will determine to retain any earnings for
use in its business operations and accordingly, the Company does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

There
have been no equity securities repurchased by the Company for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol RELI , and our warrants to purchase common stock are
listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol RELIW. 

Holders
of Record 

On
March 29, 2023, the closing price per share of our common stock was 2.94 as reported on the NASDAQ. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

2019
Equity Incentive Plans 

On
January 29, 2019, our board of directors and stockholders adopted the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, pursuant to which 46,667 shares of
our common stock are reserved for issuance as awards to employees, directors, consultants, advisors and other service providers. The
following table gives information about the Company s common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options granted to employees,
directors and consultants under its 2019 Equity Incentive Plans as of December 31, 2022 which had outstanding grants and remaining unissued
shares, taking into account issuance of restricted stock to officers and directors, as follows: 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

10,928 

232.78 

21,463 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

10,928 

232.78 

21,463 

26 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Date of Transaction 
 Transaction type (e.g. new issuance, cancellation, shares returned to treasury) and all under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 
 Number of Shares Issued (or cancelled) 
 Class of Securities 
 Value of shares issued /per share) at Issuance 
 Were the shares issued at a discount to market price at the time of issuance? (Yes/No) 
 Individual/ Entity Shares were issued to (entities must have individual with voting / investment control disclosed). 
 Reason for share issuance (e.g. for cash or debt conversion) OR Nature of Services Provided (if applicable) 
 Restricted or Unrestricted as of this filing? 
 Exemption or Registration Type? 

1/3/2022 
 New 
 1,000 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Warberg 
 Exercise of Series A warrants 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

1/4/2022 
 New 
 16,000 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Clear Street LLC 
 Exercise of Series A warrants 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

1/5/2022 
 New 
 4,000 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Clear Street LLC 
 Exercise of Series A warrants 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

1/5/2022 
 New 
 178,060 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. and Armistice Capital Master Fund, LTD. 
 Cash 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

1/5/2022 
 New 
 9,076 
 Preferred 
 
 Yes 
 Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. and Armistice Capital Master Fund, LTD. 
 Cash 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

1/10/2022 
 New 
 40,402 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Pagidem, LLC 
 Acquisition 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

1/18/2022 
 New 
 4,000 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Clear Street LLC and Warberg 
 Exercise of Series A warrants 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

3/22/2022 
 New 
 (218,462 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd., Pagidem, LLC and Armistice Capital Master Fund, LTD. 
 Exchange of common shares for series C and D warrants 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

5/24/2022 
 New 
 89,030 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. 
 Exercise of Series C warrants 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

5/24/2022 
 New 
 40,402 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Pagidem, LLC 
 Exercise of Series C warrants 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

6/14/2022 
 New 
 88,963 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Armistice Capital Master Fund, LTD. 
 Exercise of Series C warrants 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

8/4/2022 
 New 
 122,869 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Armistice Capital Master Fund, LTD. 
 Conversion of preferred shares 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

8/15/2022 
 New 
 28,497 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. 
 Exercise of Series D warrants 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

8/18/2022 
 New 
 52,926 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Armistice Capital Master Fund, LTD. 
 Exercise of Series D warrants 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

8/24/2022 
 New 
 25,070 
 Common 
 
 Yes 
 Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. 
 Conversion of preferred shares 
 Restricted 
 4(a) (2) 

27 

Use
of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

Not
applicable 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

Not
applicable. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

RESERVED 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

Reliance
Global Group, Inc. (formerly known as Ethos Media Network, Inc.) was incorporated in Florida on August 2, 2013. In September 2018, Reliance
Global Holdings, LLC, a related party, purchased a controlling interest in the Company. Ethos Media Network, Inc. was renamed Reliance
Global Group, Inc. on October 18, 2018. 

We
operate as a diversified company engaging in business in the insurance market, as well as other related sectors. Our focus is to grow
the Company by pursuing an aggressive acquisition strategy, initially and primarily focused upon wholesale and retail insurance agencies.
The Company is controlled by the same management team as Reliance Global Holdings, LLC Reliance Holdings ), a New York
based firm that is the owner and operator of numerous companies with core interests in real estate and insurance. Our relationship with
Reliance Holdings provides us with significant benefits: (1) experience, knowledge, and industry relations; (2) a source of acquisition
targets currently under Reliance Holdings control; and (3) financial and logistics assistance. We are led and advised by a management
team that offers over 100 years of combined business expertise in real estate, insurance, and the financial service industry. 

In
the insurance sector, our management has extensive experience acquiring and managing insurance portfolios in several states, as well
as developing specialized programs targeting niche markets. Our primary strategy is to identify specific risk to reward arbitrage opportunities
and develop these on a national platform, thereby increasing revenues and returns, and then identify and acquire undervalued wholesale
and retail insurance agencies with operations in growing or underserved segments, expand and optimize their operations, and achieve asset
value appreciation while generating interim cash flows. 

As
part of our growth and acquisition strategy, we continue to survey the current insurance market for value-add acquisition opportunities.
As of December 31, 2022, we have acquired ten insurance agencies, including both affiliated and unaffiliated companies and long term,
we seek to conduct all transactions and acquisitions through our direct operations. 

Over
the next 12 months, we plan to focus on the expansion and growth of our business through continued asset acquisitions in insurance markets
and organic growth of our current insurance operations through geographic expansion and market share growth. 

28 

Further,
we launched our 5MinuteInsure.com 5MI Insurtech platform during 2021 which expanded our national footprint. 5MI is a
high-tech proprietary tool developed by us as a business to consumer portal which enables consumers to instantly compare quotes from
multiple carriers and purchase their car and home insurance in a time efficient and effective manner. 5MI taps into the growing number
of online shoppers and utilizes advanced artificial intelligence and data mining techniques, to provide competitive insurance quotes
in around 5 minutes with minimal data input needed from the consumer. The platform launched during the summer of 2021 and currently operates
in 46 states offering coverage with up to 30 highly rated insurance carriers. 

With
the acquisition of Barra, we launched RELI Exchange, our business-to-business (B2B) InsurTech platform and agency partner network that
builds on the artificial intelligence and data mining backbone of 5MinuteInsure.com. Through RELI Exchange we on-board agency partners
and provide them an InsurTech platform white labeled, designed and branded specifically for their business. This combines the best of
digital and human capabilities by providing our agency partners and their customers quotes from multiple carriers within minutes. Since
its inception, RELI Exchange, has increased its agent roster by close to 130 . 

Business
Trends and Uncertainties 

The
insurance intermediary business is highly competitive, and we actively compete with numerous firms for customers, properties and insurance
companies, many of which have relationships with insurance companies, or have a significant presence in niche insurance markets that
may give them an advantage over us. Other competitive concerns may include the quality of our products and services, our pricing and
the ability of some of our customers to self-insure and the entrance of technology companies into the insurance intermediary business.
A number of insurance companies are engaged in the direct sale of insurance, primarily to individuals, and do not pay commissions to
agents and brokers. 

Financial
Instruments 

The
Company s financial instruments as of December 31, 2022, consist of derivative warrants. These are accounted at fair value as of
inception/issuance date, and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in fair value is recorded as non-operating,
(non-cash) gain or loss. 

Insurance
Operations 

Our
insurance operations focus on the acquisition and management of insurance agencies throughout the U.S. Our primary focus is to pinpoint
undervalued wholesale and retail insurance agencies with operations in growing or underserved segments (including healthcare and Medicare,
as well as personal and commercial insurance lines). We then focus on expanding their operations on a national platform and improving
operational efficiencies in order to achieve asset value appreciation while generating interim cash flows. In the insurance sector, our
management team has over 100 years of experiences acquiring and managing insurance portfolios in several states, as well as developing
specialized programs targeting niche markets. We plan to accomplish these objectives by acquiring wholesale and retail insurance agencies
it deems to represent a good buying opportunity (as opposed to insurance carriers) as insurance agencies bear no insurance risk. Once
acquired, we plan to develop them on a national platform to increase revenues and profits through a synergetic structure. The Company
is initially focused on segments that are underserved or growing, including healthcare and Medicare, as well as personal and commercial
insurance lines. 

Insurance
Acquisitions and Strategic Activities 

As
of the date of this filing, we have acquired ten insurance brokerages (see table below), including both acquisitions of affiliated companies i.e. , owned by Reliance Holdings before the acquisition) and unaffiliated companies. As we continue to execute on our acquisition
strategy, our reach within the insurance industry can provide us with the ability to offer lower rates, which could boost our competitive
position within the industry. 

29 

Acquired 
 
 Date 
 
 Location 
 
 Line
 of Business 
 
 Status 

U.S.
 Benefits Alliance, LLC (USBA) 
 
 October
 24, 2018 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Health
 Insurance 
 
 Affiliated 

Employee
 Benefit Solutions, LLC (EBS) 
 
 October
 24, 2018 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Health
 Insurance 
 
 Affiliated 

Commercial
 Solutions of Insurance Agency, LLC (CCS or Commercial Solutions) 
 
 December
 1, 2018 
 
 New
 Jersey 
 
 P C
 Trucking Industry 
 
 Unaffiliated 

Southwestern
 Montana Insurance Center, Inc. (Southwestern Montana or Montana) 
 
 April
 1, 2019 
 
 Montana 
 
 Group
 Health Insurance 
 
 Unaffiliated 

Fortman
 Insurance Agency, LLC (Fortman or Fortman Insurance) 
 
 May
 1, 2019 
 
 Ohio 
 
 P C
 and 
 Health
 Insurance 
 
 Unaffiliated 

Altruis
 Benefits Consultants, Inc. (Altruis) 
 
 September
 1, 2019 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Health
 Insurance 
 
 Unaffiliated 

UIS
 Agency, LLC (UIS) 
 
 August
 17, 2020 
 
 New
 York 
 
 Health
 Insurance 
 
 Unaffiliated 

J.P.
 Kush and Associates, Inc. (Kush) 
 
 May
 1, 2021 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Health
 Insurance 
 
 Unaffiliated 

Medigap
 Healthcare Insurance Agency, LLC (Medigap) 
 
 January
 10, 2022 
 
 Florida 
 
 Health
 Insurance 
 
 Unaffiliated 

Barra
 Associates, LLC 
 
 April
 26, 2022 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Health
 Insurance 
 
 Unaffiliated 

J.P.
Kush and Associates, Inc. Transaction 

On
May 1, 2021, we entered into a Purchase Agreement with J.P. Kush and Associates, Inc. whereby we purchased the business and certain assets
noted within the Purchase Agreement (the Kush Acquisition for a total purchase price of 3,644,166. The purchase price
was paid with a cash payment of 1,900,000, 50,000 in restricted shares of our common stock, in a transaction exempt from registration
under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and an earn-out payment. 

The
Kush Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with the acquisition method under the guidance in ASC 805-10
and 805-20. Accordingly, the total purchase consideration was allocated to intangible assets acquired based on their respective estimated
fair values. The acquisition method of accounting requires, among other things, that assets acquired, and liabilities assumed, if any,
in a business purchase combination be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The process for estimating the fair
values of identifiable intangible assets and certain tangible assets requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including
estimating future cash flows, developing appropriate discount rates, estimating the costs, and timing. 

On
November 9, 2022, per an amendment to the purchase agreement, the earn-out amount was amended from 10,605 shares of our common stock
to an amount equal to 77,629. Additionally, we agreed to issue 16,586 shares of our common stock to the seller as soon as practicable,
which is expected to be within six months of this amendment. 

The
allocation of the purchase price in connection with the Kush Acquisition was calculated as follows: 

Description 
 Fair Value 
 Weighted Average Useful Life (Years) 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 291,414 

Trade name and trademarks 
 685,400 
 5 
 
 Customer relationships 
 551,000 
 10 
 
 Non-competition agreements 
 827,800 
 5 
 
 Goodwill 
 1,288,552 
 Indefinite 

3,644,166 

30 

Goodwill
of 1,288,552 arising from the Kush Acquisition consisted of the value of the employee workforce and the residual value after all identifiable
intangible assets were valued. Goodwill recognized pursuant to the Kush Acquisition is currently expected to be deductible for income
tax purposes. Total acquisition costs for the Kush Acquisition incurred were 58,092 recorded as a component of General and administrative
expenses. 

Medigap
Healthcare Insurance Agency, LLC Transaction 

On
January 10, 2022, pursuant to an asset purchase agreement, dated December 21, 2021, we completed the acquisition of all of the assets
of Medigap Healthcare Insurance Company, LLC Medigap for a purchase price of 20,096,250 consisting of: (i) payment to
Medigap of 18,138,750 in cash and (ii) the issuance to Medigap of 40,402 shares of the Company s restricted common stock in a
transaction exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The purchase price is subject to
post-closing adjustment to reconcile certain pre-closing credits and liabilities of the parties. The shares issued to Medigap as part
of the purchase price are subject to lock up arrangements pursuant to which 50 of the shares may be sold after the one-year anniversary
of the date of closing of the transaction and the balance of the shares may be sold after the second-year anniversary of the date of
closing of the transaction. 

The
acquisition of Medigap was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with the acquisition method under the guidance in ASC
805-10 and 805-20. Accordingly, the total purchase consideration was allocated to intangible assets acquired based on their respective
estimated fair values. The acquisition method of accounting requires, among other things, that assets acquired, and liabilities assumed,
if any, in a business purchase combination be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The process for estimating
the fair values of identifiable intangible assets and certain tangible assets requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions,
including estimating future cash flows, developing appropriate discount rates, estimating the costs, and timing. 

The
allocation of the purchase price in connection with the acquisition of Medigap was calculated as follows: 

Description 
 Fair Value 
 Weighted Average Useful Life (Years) 
 
 Property, plant and equipment 
 20,666 
 6 
 
 Right-of-use asset 
 317,787 

Trade name and trademarks 
 340,000 
 15 
 
 Customer relationships 
 4,550,000 
 12 
 
 Technology 
 67,000 
 3 
 
 Backlog 
 210,000 
 1 
 
 Chargeback reserve 
 (1,484,473 

Lease liability 
 (317,787 

Goodwill 
 19,199,008 
 Indefinite 

22,902,201 

Goodwill
of 19,199,008 arising from the acquisition of Medigap consisted of the value of the employee workforce and the residual value after
all identifiable intangible assets were valued. Goodwill recognized pursuant to the acquisition of Medigap is currently expected to be
deductible for income tax purposes. Total acquisition costs for the acquisition of Medigap incurred were 94,065 recorded as a component
of General and administrative expenses. 

Barra
 Associates, LLC Transaction 

On
April 26, 2022, we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the APA with Barra Associates, LLC Barra pursuant to which the Company purchased all of the assets of Barra Associates, LLC on April 26, 2022 for a purchase price in the
amount of 7,725,000 in cash, with 6,000,000 paid to Barra at closing, 1,125,000 payable in nine months from closing, and a final earnout
of 600,000 payable over two years from closing based upon meeting stated milestones. The APA contains standard, commercial representations
and warranties and covenants. The source of the cash payment was 6,520,000 in funds borrowed from Oak Street Lending Loan ),
our existing lender pursuant to a Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Promissory Note, of even date. The purchase price is subject
to post-closing adjustment to reconcile certain pre-closing credits and liabilities of the parties. 

31 

The
acquisition of Barra was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with the acquisition method pursuant to FASB Topic No.
805, Business Combination (ASC 805). Accordingly, the total purchase consideration was allocated to the assets acquired, and liabilities
assumed based on their respective estimated fair values. The acquisition method of accounting requires, among other things, that assets
acquired, and liabilities assumed, if any, in a business purchase combination be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition
date. The process for estimating the fair values of identifiable intangible assets and certain tangible assets requires the use of significant
estimates and assumptions, including estimating future cash flows, developing appropriate discount rates, estimating the costs, and timing. 

The
preliminary allocation of the purchase price in connection with the acquisition of Medigap was calculated as follows: 

Description 
 Fair Value 
 Weighted Average Useful Life (Years) 
 
 Acquired accounts receivable 
 92,585 

Property, plant and equipment 
 8,593 
 7 
 
 Right-of-use asset 
 122,984 

Trade names 
 22,000 
 4 
 
 Customer relationships 
 550,000 
 10 
 
 Developed technology 
 230,000 
 5 
 
 Agency relationships 
 2,585,000 
 10 
 
 Lease liability 
 (122,984 

Goodwill 
 4,236,822 
 Indefinite 

7,725,000 

Goodwill
of 4,236,822 arising from the acquisition of Barra consisted of the value of the employee workforce and the residual value after all
identifiable intangible assets were valued. Goodwill recognized pursuant to the acquisition of Barra is currently expected to be deductible
for income tax purposes. Total acquisition costs incurred through December 31, 2022 for the acquisition of Barra were 72,793 recorded
as a component of General and administrative expenses. 

Recent
Developments 

Private
Placements 

On
March 13, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with one institutional buyer for the purchase and sale of, (i)
an aggregate of 155,038 shares (the Common Shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.086 per share (the
 Common Stock along with accompanying common warrants (the Common Units ), (ii) prefunded warrants (the Prefunded
Warrants that are exercisable into 897,594 shares of Common Stock (the Prefunded Warrant Shares along with accompanying
common warrants (the Pre-Funded Units ), and (iii) common warrants (the Common Warrants to initially acquire
up to 2,105,264 shares of Common Stock (the Common Warrant Shares (representing 200 of the Common Shares and Prefunded
Warrant Shares) in a private placement offering (the Private Placement ). Additionally, the Company agreed to issue a warrant
to the Placement Agent (defined below), to initially acquire 52,632 shares of common stock (the PA Warrant ). The closing
of the Private Placement occurred on March 16, 2023. 

32 

Nasdaq
Notification and Warrant Exchange 

On
January 31, 2022, we received a deficiency notification from Nasdaq regarding the issuance of shares in the Medigap Acquisition and Private
Placement in violation of Listing Rule 5635(a). This rule requires an issuer to obtain shareholder approval with respect to an acquisition
paid for from the proceeds of a sale of common stock of the issuer which equals or exceeds 20 of the shares of the issuer, issued and
outstanding prior to the acquisition. The Company submitted a remediation plan under which the Nasdaq granted us an extension to implement
the required changes until May 10, 2022. 

As
part of its remediation plan, on March 22, 2022 we entered into Exchange Agreements with the holders of common stock issued in January
2022 resulting from the Medigap Acquisition and Private Placement. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreements, we issued 218,462 Series C
prepaid warrants in exchange for 218,462 shares of our common stock that were previously issued. Additionally, to compensate the Private
Placement investors for entering into the Exchange Agreements, we issued 81,500 Series D prepaid warrants to such investors for no
additional consideration on the same date. The fair value of the Series D prepaid warrants upon issuance was 6,930,335; such amount
was treated as a deemed dividend and accordingly reduced income available to common stockholders for the period. Shares of common stock
underlying the Series C and D prepaid warrants are treated as outstanding for purposes of calculating basic and diluted earnings per
share. The Series C warrants were exercised during the quarter ended June 30, 2022. The Series D warrants were exercised during the quarter
ended September 30, 2022. 

Stock
Splits 

On February 23, 2023, pursuant to authority granted
by the Board of Directors of the Company, the Company implemented a 1-for-15 reverse split of the Company s authorized and issued
and outstanding common stock (the Reverse Split-2023 ). The par value remains unchanged. All share and per share information
as well as common stock and additional paid-in capital have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Split-2023 for all periods
presented, unless otherwise indicated. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table sets forth our revenue and operating expenses for each of the years presented. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Commission
 income 
 16,755,884 
 9,710,334 
 
 Total revenue 
 16,755,884 
 9,710,334 

Operating expenses 

Commission expense 
 3,384,734 
 2,427,294 
 
 Salaries and wages 
 8,592,051 
 4,672,988 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 6,717,889 
 3,589,221 
 
 Marketing and advertising 
 2,584,895 
 325,838 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2,801,824 
 1,607,313 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 14,373,374 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 38,454,767 
 
 12,622,654 

Loss from operations 
 (21,698,883 
 (2,912,320 

Other expense, net 
 (899,913 
 (533,337 
 
 Recognition and change in fair value of warrant commitment 
 29,064,958 
 (17,652,808 
 
 Total Other income (expense) 
 28,165,045 
 (18,186,145 

Net income (loss) 
 6,466,162 
 (21,098,465 

Revenues 

The
Company s revenue is primarily comprised of commission paid by health insurance carriers related to insurance plans that have been
purchased by a member who used the Company s service. The Company defines a member as an individual currently covered by an insurance
plan, including individual and family, Medicare-related, small business, and ancillary plans, for which the Company is entitled to receive
compensation from an insurance carrier. 

33 

The
Company had revenues of 16,755,884 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 9,710,334 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase of 7,045,550 or 73 is primarily driven by organic growth and the additional insurance agencies acquired in 2022. 

Commission
expense 

The
Company had total commission expense of 3,384,734 for the year ending December 31, 2022, compared to 2,427,294 for the year ending
December 31, 2021. The increase of 957,440 or 39 is primarily driven by organic growth and the additional insurance agencies acquired
in 2022. 

Salaries
and wages 

The
Company reported 8,592,051 of salaries and wages expense for the year ending December 31, 2022, compared to 4,672,988 for the year
ending December 31, 2021. The increase of 3,919,063 or 84 is primarily driven by expanded operations, both organic and due to the
additional insurance agencies acquired in 2022. 

General
and administrative expenses 

The
Company had total general and administrative expenses of 6,717,889 for the year ending December 31, 2022, as compared to 3,589,221
for the year ending December 31, 2021. The increase in expense of 3,128,668 or 87 is primarily driven by expanded operations, both
organic and due to the additional insurance agencies acquired in 2022. 

Marketing
and advertising 

The
Company reported 2,584,895 of marketing and advertising expense for the year ending December 31, 2022, compared to 325,838 for the
year ending December 31, 2021. The increase of 2,259,057 or 693 is primarily a result of Medigap s direct business to consumer
marketing model deployed through social media platforms, in addition to overall increased branding and outreach efforts to achieve greater
industry presence. 

Depreciation
and amortization 

The
Company reported 2,801,824 of depreciation and amortization expense for the year ending December 31, 2022, compared to 1,607,313 for
the year ending December 31, 2021. The increase of 1,194,511 or 74 is a result of the Company s acquired assets through business
combinations. 

Goodwill impairment 

The company reported 14,373,374 of goodwill impairment
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 14,373,374 was due
to an evaluation performed indicating that goodwill was impaired by this amount. 

Other income and expense 

The Company reported 28,165,045 of other income for
the year ending December 31, 2022 compared to 18,186,145 of other expense for the year ending December 31, 2021. The increase of 46,351,190
or 255 is attributable primarily to the recognition and change in fair value of warrant liabilities account which had an approximate
gain of 29 million in the current year versus an approximate loss of 18 million in the prior year. 

Liquidity and capital resources 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a cash balance
of 1,909,769, of which 1,404,359 was restricted and working capital deficit of 4,528,905 compared with a cash balance of 4,620,722,
of which 484,542 was restricted and a working capital deficit of 36,999,751 on December 31, 2021. The increase in working capital is
primarily attributable to the issuance of the derivative warrant liability commitments of 37,652,808 and reclassifying them from current
to non-current liabilities. Pursuant to a securities purchase agreement which closed on March 16, 2023, the Company received funds net
of transaction costs of approximately 3,446,000, to be used primarily for working capital. 

34 

Inflation 

The
Company generally may be impacted by rising costs for certain inflation-sensitive operating expenses such as labor, employee benefits,
and facility leases. The Company believes inflation could have a material impact to pricing and operating expenses in future periods
due to the state of the economy and current inflation rates. 

Off-balance
sheet arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as such term is defined in Regulation S-K. 

Cash
Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (3,189,997 
 (2,253,275 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (24,642,312 
 (2,299,360 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 25,121,356 
 8,643,776 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (2,710,953 
 4,091,141 

Operating
Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was 3,189,997, compared to cash used in operating activities of 2,253,275 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The 2022 cash used relates to a net gain of 6,466,162, offset by non-cash adjustments of 10,561,046 principally related to depreciation
and amortization of 2,801,824, goodwill impairment of 14,373,374, amortization of debt issuance costs of 41,875, share based compensation
expense of 1,249,873, and non-cash lease expense of 36,442, offset by a recognition and change in fair value of warrant commitment of
 29,064,958 as well as changes of net working capital items in the amount of approximately 905,000 principally due to a decrease in accounts
payable and accrued expenses of 1,304,652, a decrease in the chargeback reserve of 568,539, offset by a decrease in prepaid expense
and other current assets of 2,496,689, and an increase in other payables of approximately 270,000. 

Investing
Activities . 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash flows
used in investing activities were 24,642,312 compared to cash flow used in investing activities of 2,299,360 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The 2022 cash used relates to cash paid for the acquisitions of 24,138,750, the purchase of property and equipment of approximately
 71,000 and approximately 882,000 cash paid for intangible assets, offset by cash received from proceeds of the sale of investment in
NSURE of 450,000. 

Financing
Activities . 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided
by financing activities was 25,121,356 as compared to 8,643,776 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 2022 net cash provided by
financing activities is primarily related to proceeds from the Private Placement offering in January 2022. The net proceeds from the issuance
of these shares was 17,853,351. Additionally, we received proceeds of 2,475,000 from the exercise of Series A warrants, 6,520,000 through
loan proceeds received for a business acquisition and 1,500,000 million through a related party loan. These were offset by debt principal
repayments of approximately 875,000, payment of debt issuance costs of 214,000, payment of a related party loan of approximately 184,000,
payments on earn-out liabilities of approximately 1,705,000, and payments for short term financing of approximately 263,000. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. Estimates and judgments are based
on historical experience, forecasted events, and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Estimates and judgments may vary under different assumptions or conditions. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis.
Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations
and require management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. 

Business
acquisitions : Accounting for acquisitions requires us to estimate the fair value of consideration paid and the individual assets
and liabilities acquired, which involves a number of judgments, assumptions, and estimates that could materially affect the amount and
timing of costs recognized in subsequent periods. Accounting for acquisitions can also involve significant judgment to determine when
control of the acquired entity is transferred. We typically obtain independent third-party valuation studies to assist in determining
fair values, including assistance in determining future cash flows, discount rates, and comparable market values. Items involving significant
assumptions, estimates, and judgments include the following: 

Debt,
 including discount rate and timing of payments; 

Deferred
 tax assets, including projections of future taxable income and tax rates; 

Fair
 value of consideration paid or transferred; 

Intangible
 assets, including valuation methodology, estimations of future revenue and costs, and discount rates; 

35 

Contingencies:
 We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability
and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies. An accrual is made when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an
asset has been impaired, and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. In accounting for the resolution of contingencies, significant
judgment may be necessary to estimate amounts pertaining to periods prior to the resolution that are charged to operations in the period
of resolution and amounts related to future periods. 

Goodwill
and intangible assets : We test goodwill for impairment in our fourth quarter each year, or more frequently if indicators of an
impairment exist, to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit with goodwill is less than
its carrying value. For reporting units for which this assessment concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is more
than its carrying value, goodwill is considered not impaired and we are not required to perform the goodwill impairment test. Qualitative
factors considered in this assessment include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events
and factors affecting the fair value of the reporting unit. For reporting units for which this assessment concludes that it is more likely
than not that the fair value is below the carrying value, goodwill is tested for impairment by determining the fair value of each reporting
unit and comparing it to the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit. If the fair value of the reporting unit
exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered not impaired. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value,
we would record an impairment loss up to the difference between the carrying value and implied fair value. 

Determining
when to test for impairment, the reporting units, the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, and the fair value of the reporting
unit requires significant judgment and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include
revenue growth rates, and expenses and are developed as part of our long-range planning process. The same estimates are used in business
planning, forecasting, and capital budgeting. We test the reasonableness of the output of our long-range planning process by calculating
an implied value per share and comparing that to current stock prices, analysts consensus pricing, and management s expectations.
These estimates and assumptions are used to calculate projected future cash flows for the reporting unit, which are discounted using
a risk-adjusted rate to estimate a fair value. The discount rate requires determination of appropriate market comparables. We base fair
value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results
may differ from those estimates. 

We
test other identified intangible assets with definite useful lives when events and circumstances indicate the carrying value may not
be recoverable by comparing the carrying amount to the sum of undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. We test
intangible assets with indefinite lives annually for impairment using a fair value method such as discounted cash flows. Estimating fair
values involves significant assumptions, including future sales prices, sales volumes, costs, and discount rates. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company performed a goodwill
impairment test utilizing the Market Approach Traded Market Value Method, concluding that goodwill was overvalued by 14,373,374.
As a result, the Company recognized goodwill impairment of same amount in the goodwill impairment account on the Statements of Operations
for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company assessed goodwill in accordance with ASC 350-20-35-3,
analyzing the relevant qualitative factors. The Company noted that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting
unit is less than its carrying amount, thus determining that the two-step goodwill impairment test was not required. Pursuant to the
qualitative assessment, the Company concluded that goodwill was not impaired as of and for the year ended December and 2021. 

Income
taxes : We are required to estimate our provision for income taxes and amounts ultimately payable or recoverable in numerous tax
jurisdictions around the world. These estimates involve significant judgment and interpretations of regulations and are inherently complex.
Resolution of income tax treatments in individual jurisdictions may not be known for many years after completion of the applicable year.
We are also required to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which
requires the assessment of our performance and other relevant factors. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability
to generate future taxable income. In recent periods, our results of operations have benefited from increases in the amount of deferred
taxes we expect to realize, primarily from the levels of capital spending and increases in the amount of taxable income we expect to
realize. Our income tax provision or benefit is dependent, in part, on our ability to forecast future taxable income in these and other
jurisdictions. Such forecasts are inherently difficult and involve significant judgments including, among others, projecting future average
selling prices and sales volumes, manufacturing and overhead costs, levels of capital spending, and other factors that significantly
impact our analyses of the amount of net deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. 

Revenue
recognition : 

All
commission revenue is recorded net of any deductions for estimated commission adjustments due to lapses, policy cancellations, and revisions
in coverage. 

The
Company earns additional revenue including contingent commissions, profit-sharing, override and bonuses based on meeting certain revenue
or profit targets established periodically by the carriers (collectively the Contingent Commissions). The Contingent Commissions are
earned when the Company achieves the targets established by the insurance carries. The insurance carriers notify the company when it
has achieved the target. The Company only recognizes revenue to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of the revenue
will not occur. 

Stock-based
compensation : Stock-based compensation is estimated at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized
as expense using the straight-line amortization method over the requisite service period. For performance-based stock awards, the expense
recognized is dependent on our assessment of the likelihood of the performance measure being achieved. We utilize forecasts of future
performance to assess these probabilities and this assessment requires significant judgment. 

36 

Determining
the appropriate fair-value model and calculating the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires significant judgment,
including estimating stock price volatility and expected option life. We develop these estimates based on historical data and market
information which can change significantly over time. A small change in the estimates used can result in a relatively large change in
the estimated valuation. We use the Black-Scholes option valuation model to value employee stock options and awards granted under our
employee stock purchase plan. We estimate stock price volatility based on our historical volatility implied volatility derived from traded
options on our stock. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

See
the financial statements filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as listed under Item 15 below. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Controls and Procedure Requirements 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this annual
report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ),
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective in all material respects. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the
design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls
and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design
of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined under Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 14d-14(f). Our internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can only
provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial reporting reliability and financial statement preparation and presentation. In
addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls become inadequate because
of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making the assessment, management used the criteria issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on
its assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our Company s internal control over financial reporting was
effective in all material respects. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Listed below are the names of the directors and executive
officers of the Company, their ages as of the date of this Form 10-K, their positions held, and all commenced service with the Company
in 2022. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s)
 Held 
 
 Ezra
 Beyman 
 
 68 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (CEO) and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Alex
 Blumenfrucht 
 
 34 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director (Resigned) 
 
 William
 Lebovics 
 
 39 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, (Transferred on January 1, 2023 to non-officer role) 
 
 Joel
 Markovits 
 
 42 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (CFO) as of January 1, 2023, Chief Accounting Officer (CAO) and Financial Reporting Manager 
 
 Yaakov
 Beyman 
 
 40 
 
 Executive
 Vice President, Insurance Division 
 
 Scott
 Korman 
 
 68 
 
 Director
 and Chair of the Audit Committee (Audit Committee Financial Expert), and Member of the Compensation and Nominating and Governance
 Committees 
 
 Ben
 Fruchtzweig 
 
 58 
 
 Director
 and Chair of the Compensation Committee and Member of the Audit and Nominating and Governance Committees 
 
 Sheldon
 Brickman 
 
 57 
 
 Director
 and Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee and Member of the Audit and Compensation Committees 

Ezra Beyman: 

 Director of Reliance Global Group, Inc. 

 2018 Present: Chief Executive Officer of
Reliance Global Group, Inc. 

 1985- Present: Chairman of Reliance Global Holdings,
LLC and Affiliates 

Ezra Beyman has served as the Chairman of our Board
of Directors and our Chief Executive Officer since 2018. Mr. Beyman is the central force leading the success and growth of Reliance Global
Group, Inc. Drawing on his nearly three decades of entrepreneurial experience in real estate and ten years in insurance, he has set his
vision and acuity on one integrated goal: integrity and success. At one point in time Mr. Beyman s portfolio of commercial and residential
properties comprised of approximately 40,000 units, as well as several insurance agencies. In 1985, he founded a small mortgage brokerage,
together with his wife, which he operated in his basement. From there, his company rapidly grew into a dynamic force on the market. By
2008, he owned the third largest licensed mortgage brokerage in the U.S., having acquired numerous mortgage companies in the interim.
He also expanded to real estate acquisition, having grown his portfolio to over three billion dollars. In expanding his investments, Mr.
Beyman began exploring opportunities in other markets, acquiring several insurance agencies in both Florida and New Jersey. His ventures
included entering the domains of warrantee and insurance carriers. Raised in the New York metropolitan area, Mr. Beyman spent his secondary
and post-secondary school years at Mesivta Tifereth Yerushalayim, where he advanced his analytic abilities while mastering various areas
of Talmudic studies, earning a position as one of the closest students of the Dean. He earned his First Talmudic degree in 1975. 

Joel Markovits: 

 2021 - Present: Chief Financial Officer of Reliance
Global Group, Inc. 

 2015 2021: Senior Manager (Audit) at KPMG
LLP 

Joel Markovits, our current Chief Financial Officer
as of January 1, 2023, joined the Company in June 2021 as financial reporting manager and subsequently was appointed Chief Accounting
Officer (CAO) in February 2022. Joel brings over 12 years financial, accounting and reporting experience in both the public and
private sectors. Prior to joining Reliance Global Group, Joel was a senior manager at KPMG LLP from April 2015 through May 2021, where
he led some of the larger and more complex audit engagements, including serving as lead audit senior manager on a global 16 billion (annual
revenues) enterprise reporting on both US GAAP and IFRS. He was also a data analytics specialist and technology innovation leader
at KPMG for its largest US Business Unit, overseeing the development and deployment of technological capabilities that enhance data analyses.
Joel is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of New Jersey since November 2013. 

Yaakov Beyman: 

 2018 Present: Executive VP of Insurance
Division, Reliance Global Group, Inc. 

 2012 2018: Executive VP of Insurance Division,
Empire Insurance Holdings 

Yaakov Beyman, son of Mr. Ezra Beyman has served as
the Executive Vice President of the Insurance Divisions since July 2018. Mr. Beyman oversees the insurance operations of Reliance Global
Group, Inc. From December 2012 July 2018, he was Executive VP of Insurance Division, of Empire Insurance Holdings. He works from
a platform that includes both strategizing the future vision of the insurance division and developing and implementing operational tools
on a more granular level to grow the various insurance businesses. In his role as a strategist, Mr. Beyman has mapped a clear future:
expand the various insurance products that RELI offers both geographically and in category. On the more hands-on level, Mr. Beyman (who
holds insurance licenses in most of the continental U.S.) is heavily involved in marketing, maintaining state of the art technological
models, financial management and distribution, and entity creation and maintenance. Combining his roles as the idea-generator and implementer,
he is well-equipped to take the lead role in growing the Company. 

37 

Alex Blumenfrucht: 

 Director of Reliance Global Group, Inc. 

 2018 - 2022: Former CFO of Reliance Global Group,
Inc. 

 2015 2018: Audit senior at Deloitte and
Touch . 

Alex Blumenfrucht has served as member of our board
of directors since 2018 and served as our Chief Financial Officer (CFO) from 2018 until June 1, 2022, at which time he resigned as our
Chief Financial Officer and accepted employment as CFO of an unaffiliated company. Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Blumenfrucht served
as an Audit Assurance Professional at Deloitte Touch , LLP from September 2015 until May 2018, where he successfully
led audit teams on both public and privately held corporations. The Board determined that Mr. Blumenfrucht s extensive experience
in internal control, financial analysis, and reporting for both private and publicly traded companies is central to the Company s
management of finances, reporting, and controls and makes him an ideal director. 

William Lebovics: 

 2022 Former CFO of Reliance Global Group, Inc. 

 2019 - 2021: Director of Business Development at
IDT Corporation 

William Lebovics was appointed by the Company to serve
as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) effective June 1, 2022.Effective January 1, 2023, William transitioned out of the CFO role into the role
of Senior Vice President of Acquisitions. Prior to joining the Company, William served as Head of Business Development at IDT Corporation
(NYSE: IDT), from November 2021- May 2022, where he worked closely with Chairman Howard Jonas on two new lines of business for the company.
From January 2019- November 2021, William served as Finance Manager of IDW Media Holdings (NYSE: IDW) where he was responsible for dealing
with financial reporting, financing, and M A, as well as other finance related operations. From 2016-2018, Mr. Lebovics was Partner
and Product Owner of a mobile tech company overseen by T5 Capital. William has extensive corporate finance experience, including prior
roles as a Portfolio Manager of Alternative Investments at Nippon Life Global Investors and as a Real Estate Consultant in PwC s
Real Assets Group. William has an MS in Accounting from Fairleigh Dickenson University, an MS in Real Estate with a concentration in Finance
and Investment from NYU, and a BS in Business Management from Touro College. 

Scott Korman: 

 Director - Joined Board in 2019 

 1984 Present: President of Nashone, Inc 

 2019 Present: CEO, Illumina Radiopharmaceuticals
LLC 

Mr. Korman has served on our board of directors since December 2019 and
he currently serves as President of Nashone, Inc., a private equity firm, which he founded in 1984. In this role, Mr. Korman is involved
in financial advisory, M A, and general management assignments. He is a founder and Managing Member and CEO of Innervate Radiopharmaceuticals
LLC since May 2019, CEO of Sentry Laboratories LLC since February 2020 and CFO and board member of Adenocyte LLC since 2018. Mr. Korman
previously served as Chairman and CEO of Best Manufacturing Group LLC, a leading manufacturer and distributor of uniforms, napery, service
apparel, and hospitality and healthcare textiles. Mr. Korman also served as President and CEO of Welsh Farms Inc., a full-service dairy
processor and distributor of milk, ice cream mix and ice cream products. Mr. Korman received a B.S. degree in Economics from the University
of Pennsylvania Wharton School. He has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Tofutti Brands, Inc. since December 2011. He also
serves on the boards of various not-for-profit groups. The Board determined that Mr. Korman s business experience makes him an ideal
director for the Company. 

Ben Fruchtzweig: 

 Joined Board in 2019 

 2013 Current: Mosdos Beis Abba 

Mr. Fruchtzweig has served on our board of directors since December 2019
and brings decades of executive experience in accounting and financial services. He currently serves on the board of Mosdos Beis Abba
since June 2013. He has served as Chief Comptroller/Financial Analyst at national financial services and investment companies. He received
his NYS C.P.A license in 1987 and has worked at Deloitte Haskins and Sells and other leading accounting firms. Currently, Mr. Fruchtzweig
lectures on a variety of topics including business ethics. He also serves on a voluntary basis as a trustee of a non-profit private foundation,
which serves to provide the needed financial support, services and guidance to qualifying individuals and families. Mr. Fruchtzweig graduated
Magna Cum Laude from Queens College/C.U.N.Y. in June 1985. The Board believes that Mr. Fruchtzweig s strong accounting and finance
background makes him a strong director. 

38 

Sheldon Brickman: 

 Joined Board in 2020 

 2013 Present: President of Rockshore Advisors
LLC 

Mr. Brickman has served on our board of directors since August 2020 and
has been President of Rockshore Advisors LLC since May, 2013. Sheldon has over 25 years of M A advisory and business development experience,
totaling more than 40 billion in deal value. Additionally, he has served as Chief Financial Officer of InfinT Acquisition Corporation
since May 2021. Sheldon has worked for numerous multibillion-dollar insurance carriers, including assignments for such companies as AIG,
Aetna and National General. He has assisted international companies (in the UAE, UK, Asia and Latin America), start-up operations, and
regional insurance carriers. Mr. Brickman s experience covers the property casualty and life/health markets, including working with
insurance carriers, managing general agencies, wholesalers, retailers and third-party administrators. The Board determined that Mr. Brickman s
M A and insurance industry experience makes him an ideal director for the Company. 

Family Relationships 

There are no arrangements between our directors and
any other person pursuant to which our directors were nominated or elected for their positions. Except for Ezra Beyman and Yaakov Beyman
(father and son), there are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our Board has established three standing committees:
an Audit Committee, a Nominating and Governance Committee and a Compensation Committee, which are described below. Members of these committees
are elected annually at a regular meeting of the Board of Directors held in conjunction with the annual stockholders meeting. The
charter of each committee is available on our website at www.relianceglobalgroup.com, and our committee appointments are set forth above. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee has authority to review our financial
records, deal with our independent auditors, recommend to the Board policies with respect to financial reporting, and investigate all
aspects of our business. All of the members of the Audit Committee currently satisfy the independence requirements and other established
criteria of NASDAQ. 

The Audit Committee has sole authority for the appointment,
compensation and oversight of the work of our independent registered public accounting firm, and responsibility for reviewing and discussing
with management and our independent registered public accounting firm our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K, our interim financial statements and our earnings press releases. The Audit Committee also reviews the independence
and quality control procedures of our independent registered public accounting firm, reviews management s assessment of the effectiveness
of internal controls, discusses with management the Company s policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management and will
review the adequacy of the Audit Committee charter on an annual basis. 

Scott Korman, Ben Fruchtzweig and Sheldon Brickman
who are all independent directors and sit on this Committee, with Scott Korman being the Chair and Audit Committee Financial Expert. 

Nominating and Governance Committee 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
has the following responsibilities: (a) setting qualification standards for director nominees; (b) identifying, considering and nominating
candidates for membership on the Board; (c) developing, recommending and evaluating corporate governance standards and a code of business
conduct and ethics applicable to the Company; (d) implementing and overseeing a process for evaluating the Board, Board committees (including
the Committee) and overseeing the Board s evaluation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company; (e) making recommendations
regarding the structure and composition of the Board and Board committees; (f) advising the Board on corporate governance matters and
any related matters required by the federal securities laws; and (g) assisting the Board in identifying individuals qualified to become
Board members; recommending to the Board the director nominees for the next annual meeting of shareholders; and recommending to the Board
director nominees to fill vacancies on the Board. 

39 

The Nominating and Governance Committee determines
the qualifications, qualities, skills, and other expertise required to be a director and to develop, and recommend to the Board for its
approval, criteria to be considered in selecting nominees for director (the Director Criteria identifies and screens individuals
qualified to become members of the Board, consistent with the Director Criteria. The Nominating and Governance Committee considers any
director candidates recommended by the Company s shareholders pursuant to the procedures described in the Company s proxy
statement, and any nominations of director candidates validly made by shareholders in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations
and the provisions of the Company s charter documents. The Nominating and Governance Committee makes recommendations to the Board
regarding the selection and approval of the nominees for director to be submitted to a shareholder vote at the Annual Meeting of shareholders,
subject to approval by the Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee does not have a set policy or process for considering diversity
in identifying nominees, but strives to identity and recruit nominees with a broad diversity of experience, talents, professions, backgrounds,
perspective, age, gender, ethnicity and country of citizenship, and who possess the commitment necessary to make a significant contribution
to the Company. Board nominees should be committed to enhancing long-term stockholder value and should possess high standards of integrity
and ethical behavior. 

Scott Korman, Ben Fruchtzweig and Sheldon Brickman
sit on this Committee with Sheldon Brickman being the Chair. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee oversees our executive
compensation and recommends various incentives for key employees to encourage and reward increased corporate financial performance, productivity
and innovation. 

The Compensation Committee is responsible for: (a)
assisting our Board in fulfilling its fiduciary duties with respect to the oversight of the Company s compensation plans, policies
and programs, including assessing our overall compensation structure, reviewing all executive compensation programs, incentive compensation
plans and equity-based plans, and determining executive compensation; and (b) reviewing the adequacy of the Compensation Committee charter
on an annual basis. The Compensation Committee, among other things, reviews and approves the Company s goals and objectives relevant
to the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, evaluate the Chief Executive Officer s performance with respect to such goals,
and set the Chief Executive Officer s compensation level based on such evaluation. The Compensation Committee also considers the
Chief Executive Officer s recommendations with respect to other executive officers and evaluates the Company s performance
both in terms of current achievements and significant initiatives with long-term implications. It assesses the contributions of individual
executives and recommend to the Board levels of salary and incentive compensation payable to executive officers of the Company; compares
compensation levels with those of other leading companies in similar or related industries; reviews financial, human resources and succession
planning within the Company; recommend to the Board the establishment and administration of incentive compensation plans and programs
and employee benefit plans and programs; recommends to the Board the payment of additional year-end contributions by the Company under
certain of its retirement plans; grants stock incentives to key employees of the Company and administer the Company s stock incentive
plans; and reviews and recommends for Board approval compensation packages for new corporate officers and termination packages for corporate
officers as requested by management. 

Scott Korman, Ben Fruchtzweig and Sheldon Brickman
sit on this Committee with Ben Fruchtzweig being the Chair. 

Changes in Nominating
Procedures 

None. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Although we have not adopted a formal policy on whether
the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions should be separate or combined, we have traditionally determined that it is in the
best interests of the Company and its shareholders to partially combine these roles. Due to the small size of the Company, we believe
it is currently most effective to have the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions partially combined. 

40 

Our Board is primarily responsible for overseeing
our risk management processes. The Board receives and reviews periodic reports from management, auditors, legal counsel, and others, as
considered appropriate regarding the Company s assessment of risks. The Board focuses on the most significant risks facing the Company
and our general risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks undertaken by us are consistent with the Board s risk parameters.
While the Board oversees the Company, our management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. We believe this division
of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks facing the Company and that our board leadership structure
supports this approach. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section 16(a) of Exchange Act requires our executive
officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the
Commission initial statements of beneficial ownership, statements of changes in beneficial ownership and annual statement of changes in
beneficial ownership with respect to their ownership of the Company s securities, on Form 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers,
directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission regulations to furnish our Company
with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. 

The Company does not report on compliance with Section 16(a). 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Pursuant
to disclosure requirements in Item 402 of Regulation S-K and paragraphs (e)(4) and (e)(5) of Item 407, the following table summarizes
executive compensation. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock
 awards ) 
 Option
 awards (Unvested) ) 
 Non-equity 
 incentive plan compensation ) 
 Change
 in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings 
 All
 other compensation ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Ezra
 Beyman, 
 2022 
 300,000 
 305,963 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 605,962 
 
 CEO 
 2021 
 228,000 
 30,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 258,000 

Joel
 Markovits, 
 2022 
 197,499 
 
 130,625 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 328,124 
 
 CFO 
 2021 
 113,820 
 - 
 25,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 138,820 

Jonathan
 Fortman 
 2022 
 216,058 
 10,608 
 538,750 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 765,416 
 
 VP
 of Acquisitions 
 2021 
 160,411 
 2,699 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 163,110 

Yaakov
 Beyman, 
 2022 
 219,539 
 30,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 249,539 
 
 EVP
 Insurance 
 2021 
 190,000 
 30,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 220,000 

Julie
 Blockey, 
 2022 
 169,875 
 
 100,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 269,875 
 
 General
 Manager 
 2021 
 156,907 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 156,907 

Director Compensation 

The table below shows the compensation paid to our
non-employee directors during 2022 and 2021. 

Name 
 
 Fees earned or paid in cash 
 Stock awards ) 
 Un-exercisable Option awards (# of Shares) 
 Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total (# of Restricted Shares) 
 
 Ben Fruchtzweig 
 2022 
 42,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 22,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Scott Korman 
 2022 
 42,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 22,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sheldon Brickman 
 2022 
 42,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 22,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Alex Blumenfrucht 
 2022 
 24,500 

Director 
 2021 
 - 

41 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning the ownership of our common stock as of December 31, 2022 with respect to: (i) each person known to us to be the beneficial
owner of more than five percent of our common stock; (ii) all directors; (iii) all named executive officers; and (iv) all directors and
executive officers as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC that deem shares to be beneficially
owned by any person who has voting or investment power with respect to such shares. Shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options
or warrants as of December 31, 2022 or are exercisable within 60 days of such date are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially
owned by the person holding such options for the purpose of calculating the percentage ownership of such person but are not treated as
outstanding for the purpose of calculating the percentage ownership of any other person. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 1,219,573
shares of common stock outstanding as the date of December 31, 2022. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Number of Shares Common 
 Number of Shares Preferred 
 Beneficial Ownership Percentage 
 
 5 Stockholders 

Reliance Global Holdings 300 Blvd. of the Americas, Suite 105, Lakewood, NJ 08701 
 289,389 
 - 
 23.7 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Ezra Beyman 
 327,657 
 - 
 26.9 
 
 Alex Blumenfrucht 
 8,222 
 - 

Yaakov Beyman 
 3,889 
 - 

Joel Markovits 
 2,154 
 - 

Sheldon Brickman 
 - 
 - 

Scott Korman 
 2,177 
 - 

Ben Fruchtzweig 
 204 
 - 

All directors and executive officers as a group (7 persons) 
 344,303 
 - 
 28.2 

Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 

 Reliance Global Holdings, LLC is an entity controlled
by Ezra Beyman, CEO of the Company 

The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is VStock Transfer. The transfer agent and registrar s
address is 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598. Its telephone number is (212) 828-8436. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The following is a description of transactions which
we were a party in which (i) the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of (A) 120,000 or (B) one percent of our average
total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and (ii) any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more
than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of, or person sharing the household with, any of the foregoing persons,
who had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control
and other similar arrangements, which are described under Executive Compensation . 

The Company entered into a Loan Agreement with
Reliance Global Holdings, LLC, a related party under common control. There is no term to the loan, and it bears no interest.
Repayment will be made as the Company has business cash flows. The proceeds from the various loans were utilized to fund the
acquisitions of USBA, EBS, CCS, SWMT Acquisition, Fortman, Altruis, and UIS. As of December 31, 2022, and the 2021 the related party
loan payable was 100,724 and 353,766 respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Reliance Holdings owned approximately 24 and
33 , respectively, of the common stock of the Company. 

On September
13, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note to YES Americana Group, LLC, a related party entity for the principal sum of 1,500,000
(the Note ). The Note matures on January 15, 2024, bearing interest of 0 per annum for the first six months, and 5 per
annum thereafter, payable monthly. In the event the Note is not paid by the maturity date, the loan will automatically be extended for
an additional year until January 15, 2025, and if necessary, extended again for one additional year through January 15, 2026. 

To the best of our knowledge, during the past two
fiscal years, other than as set forth above, there were no material transactions, or series of similar transactions, or any currently
proposed transactions, or series of similar transactions, to which we were or are to be a party, in which the amount involved exceeds
the lesser of (A) 120,000 or (B) one percent of our average total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in
which any director or executive officer, or any security holder who is known by us to own of record or beneficially more than 5 of any
class of our common stock, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, has an interest (other than compensation
to our officers and directors in the ordinary course of business). 

Messrs. Fruchtzweig, Korman and Brickman are independent 
directors based on the definition of independence in the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC NASDAQ ). 

Policies and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

All future transactions between us and our officers,
directors or five percent stockholders, and respective affiliates will be on terms no less favorable than could be obtained from unaffiliated
third parties and will be approved by a majority of our independent directors who do not have an interest in the transactions and who
had access, at our expense, to our legal counsel or independent legal counsel. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Mazars has served as
our independent auditors since March 9, 2020. The appointment of Mazars as our independent public accountants was unanimously approved
by the Audit Committee and our Board of Directors. 

The following table sets forth the aggregate fees
paid by the Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to our independent auditors: 

Auditors 
 Years 
 Audit Fees 
 Audit Related Fees 
 Tax Fees 
 All Other Fees 
 
 Mazars USA LLP 
 2022 
 319,750 
 
 11,000 
 7,500 
 
 Mazars USA LLP 
 2021 
 263,480 
 99,750 
 19,000 

42 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

See
 Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

Schedules
 not listed above have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is otherwise included
 elsewhere in Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

43 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Reliance Global Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Reliance Global Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows
for each of the two years in the period December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years
in the period December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts
or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

Impairment
Evaluation of Goodwill 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was approximately 19
million as of December 31, 2022. Management tests goodwill for impairment on October 1 of each year, or more frequently should an event
or a change in circumstances occur that would indicate the carrying value may be impaired. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit
exceeds its fair value, an impairment is recorded equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value, up to the amount
of goodwill associated with the reporting unit. As a result of management s assessment, the Company recognized impairment charges
of 14.3 million related to goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that the goodwill impairment assessment was a critical audit matter are that there is
significant judgment in selection of the valuation methods to use along with assumptions used to estimate the future revenues and cash
flows, including revenue growth rates, operating expenses and cash outflows necessary to support the cash flows, weighted average costs
of capital and future market conditions as well as the valuation methodologies applied by the Company. This in turn led to a high degree
of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to managements inputs and
selection of methods used. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of auditor employed professionals with specialized skill and
knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained. 

How
the Critical Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

The
primary audit procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

- Obtaining
 an understanding over the Company s process for evaluation whether an event of a change
 in circumstances occur that would indicate the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired. 

- Utilizing
 a firm employed valuation specialist with the skills and knowledge to assist in: (i) evaluating
 and challenging the reasonableness of the valuation methods selected by management to determine
 the fair value of the Company, (ii) evaluating management s significant assumptions
 by comparing inputs to market data (iii) performing a control premium sensitivity study to
 determine the impact to market approach, and (iv) performing recalculations of the method
 utilized by management. 

- Testing
 the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data utilized by management in their evaluation
 of goodwill impairment. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

Fort

March
30, 2023 

F- 2 

Reliance
Global Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

2022 
 2021 

December 31 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable, related parties 

Other receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Investment in NSURE, Inc. 

Intangibles, net 

Goodwill 

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 

Short term financing agreements 
 
 - 
 
 Chargeback reserve 
 
 - 
 
 Other payables 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Current portion of leases payable 

Earn-out liability, current portion 

Warrant commitment 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Loans payable, related parties, less current portion 

Long term debt, less current portion 

Leases payable, less current portion 

Earn-out liability, less current portion 

Warrant liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized and and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Stock subscription receivable 
 - 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

Reliance
Global Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

Year ended 
 Year ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Commission income 

Total revenue 

Operating expenses 

Commission expense 

Salaries and wages 

General and administrative expenses 

Marketing and advertising 

Depreciation and amortization 

Goodwill impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Other expense, net 

Recognition and change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Total other income (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding Basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

Reliance
Global Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Reliance
 Global Group, Inc. 

Preferred
 stock 
 Common
 stock 
 Common
 stock issuable 
 Additional paid-in 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Share
 based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued in private placement 

- 
 - 

- 

Shares
 issued pursuant to acquisition of Medigap 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Series
 A warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of Series C warrants in exchange for common shares 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued for vested stock awards 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for conversion of Series C warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for conversion of Series D warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for conversion of Series B warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrant
 liability reclassified to equity upon exercise of Series B Warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued due to conversion of preferred stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

Reliance
Global Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

Reliance Global Group, Inc. 

Preferred stock 
 Common stock 
 Common stock issuable 
 Additional paid-in 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

- 

Balance 

- 

Share based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued due to public offering, net of offering costs of 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Over-allotment shares from offering, net of offering costs of 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants sold during public offering at quoted price 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued due to conversion of preferred stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued due to conversion of debt 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Rounding shares related to initial public offering 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued pursuant to software purchase 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued pursuant to acquisition of Kush 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock subscriptions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

Reliance
Global Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries and Predecessor 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Income 

Adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Goodwill impairment 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and accretion of debt discount 

Non-cash lease expense 

Stock compensation expense 

Earn-out fair value and write-off adjustments 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payables and other accrued liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable, related parties 

Note receivables 
 - 

Other receivables 

Other payables 

Chargeback reserve 
 
 - 
 
 Other non-current assets 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from partial sale of investment in NSURE 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Purchase of intangibles 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from borrowings of debt 
 - 
 - 
 
 Principal repayments of debt 

Debt issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Loans acquired through acquisitions 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common shares in exchange for Series C and D warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from loans payable, related parties 

Payments of loans payable, related parties 

Earn-out liability 

Exercise of warrants into common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Repayments on short term financing 

Private Placement of shares and warrants 

Issuance of common shares in exchange for Series B warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash and restricted cash at end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH AND NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS: 

Cash paid for interest 

Issuance of Series D warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of placement agent warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid insurance acquired through short-term financing 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of preferred stock into common stock 

Conversion of debt into equity 
 - 

Cashless conversion of Series D Warrants for common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to acquisition 

Common stock issued in lieu of services 
 - 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to the purchase of software 
 - 

Unpaid deferred transaction costs 
 - 

Stock subscriptions 
 - 

Acquisition of business deferred purchase price 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant liability reclassified to equity upon exercise of Series B Warrants 

Lease assets acquired in exchange for lease liabilities 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

Reliance
Global Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

,
current assets were approximately ,
while current liabilities were approximately .
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of approximately and
stockholders equity of approximately .
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported net income of approximately 6,466,162,
which includes a non-cash goodwill impairment of approximately 14,373,000 ,
offset by a non-cash, non-operating measurement gain on the warrant commitment of approximately .
The Company reported negative cash flows from operations of approximately .
The Company completed a capital offering in February 2021 and January 2022 that raised net proceeds of approximately and
 ,
respectively. As noted in Note 17 - Subsequent Events , pursuant to a securities purchase agreement which closed on March 16,
2023, the Company received funds net of transaction costs of approximately ,
to be used primarily for working capital. 

Management believes the company s financial position and continued ability to raise
capital to be reasonable and sufficient. Based on our assessment, we do not believe there are any conditions or events that, in the aggregate, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of filing these financial statements with the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and restricted cash 

Office equipment and furniture 

Leasehold improvements 

Volatility 

Time to Expiry 

Dividend yield 

Risk free rate 

- 
 - 

Unrealized (gain) loss 
 
 - 
 - 

Ending balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 - 

Beginning balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 - 

Initial recognition 
 - 

Unrealized (gain) loss 

Warrants exercised or transferred 

- 

Ending balance, December 31, 2022 
 - 

. The
 difference of is made up of the Warrant issuance costs. 

Earn-out
liabilities: The Company generally values its Level 3 earn-out liabilities using the income valuation approach. Key valuation inputs
include contingent payment arrangement terms, projected revenues and cash flows, rate of return, and probability assessments. The following
table summarizes the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements: 

Significant unobservable input 

Volatility 

Credit Spread: 

Payment Delay (days) 

Risk free rate 

Discounting Convention: 

Number of Iterations 

Undiscounted
remaining earn out payments are approximately as of December 31, 2022. The following table reconciles fair value of earn-out
liabilities for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Acquisitions
 and Settlements 

()

Period
 adjustments: 

Fair
 value changes included in earnings 

() 

Ending
 balance 

Less:
 Current portion 

() 

() 
 
 Ending
 balance, less current portion 

, and , respectively
and are netted against the related debt. 

to years. Finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment or obsolescence
whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of intangible
assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated
by that asset. If the asset is considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying
amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value. No impairment was recognized during the periods presented. 

Healthcare
revenue recognition: 

The
Company identifies a contract when it has a binding agreement with a Carrier, the Customer, to provide agency services to Members. 

There
typically is one performance obligation in contracts with Carriers, to perform agency services that culminate in monthly premium cash
collections by the Carrier. The performance obligation is satisfied through a combination of agency services including, marketing carrier s
insurance plans, soliciting Member applications, binding, executing and servicing insurance policies on a continuous basis throughout
a policy s life cycle which includes and culminates with the Customer s collection of monthly premiums. No commission is
earned if cash is not received by Carrier. Thus, commission revenue is earned only after a month s cash receipts from Members 
dues is received by the Customer. Each month s Carrier cash collections is considered a separate unit sold and transferred to the
Customer i.e., the satisfaction of that month s performance obligation. 

Transaction
price is typically stated in a contract and usually based on a commission rate applied to Member premiums paid and received by Carrier.
The Company generally continues to receive commission payments from Carriers until a Member s plan is cancelled or the Company
terminates its agency agreement with the Carrier. Upon termination, the Company normally will no longer receive any commissions from
Carriers even on business still in place. In some instances, trailing commissions could occur which would be recognized similar to other
Healthcare revenue. With one performance obligation, allocation of transaction price is normally not necessary. 

Healthcare
typically utilizes the Direct Bill method. 

The
Company recognizes revenue at a point in time, when it satisfies its monthly performance obligation and control of the service transfers
to the Customer. Transfer occurs when Member insurance premium cash payments are received by the Customer. The Customer s receipt
of cash is the culmination and complete satisfaction of the Company s performance obligation, and the earnings process is complete. 

With
Direct Bill, since the amount of monthly Customer cash receipts is unknown to the Company until the following month when notice is provided
by Customer to Company, the Company accrues revenue at each period end. Any estimated revenue accrued and recognized at a period-end
is trued up for financial reporting per actual revenue earned as provided by the Customer during the following month. 

P C
revenue recognition : 

The
Company identifies a contract when it has a binding agreement with a Carrier, the Customer, to provide agency services to Members. 

There
typically is one performance obligation in contracts with Customers, to perform agency services to solicit, receive proposals and bind
insurance policies culminating with policy placement. Commission revenue is earned at the time of policy placement. 

Transaction
price is typically stated in a contract and usually based on commission rates applied to Member premiums due. With one performance obligation,
allocation of transaction price is normally not necessary. 

P C
utilizes both the Agency Bill and Direct Bill methods, depending on the Carrier. 

The
Company recognizes revenue at a point in time when it satisfies its performance obligation and control of the service transfers to the
Customer. Transfer occurs when the policy placement process is complete. 

With
both Direct Bill and Agency Bill, the Company accrues commission revenue in the period policies are placed. With Agency Bill, payment
is typically received from Members in the month earned, however with Direct Bill, payment is typically received from Carriers in the
month subsequent to the commissions being earned. 

Insurance
Marketing revenue recognition: 

Medigap,
a consolidated wholly owned subsidiary of the Company earns commission revenue by selling bound insurance policies with all renewal rights
to insurance marketing organizations (the IM Customer ). The IM Customers utilize innovative actuarial models to value and
price policies purchased based on future projections. IM Customers pay a one-time commission per policy purchased to selling agencies
based on a pre-agreed formula outlined in the parties contractual agreement. Commission payments are subject to chargeback in
the event a policy is cancelled or lapses within 3 months of a policy s effective date or until the first three payments are received
from the insured party, depending on the IM Customer Contract. 

The
Company identifies a contract when it has a binding agreement to sell issued insurance policies to the IM Customer. 

There
is one performance obligation in IM Customer contracts, to sell the rights in Company procured issued insurance policies to the IM Customer.
The performance obligation is satisfied when the rights to an issued policy have been transferred to the IM Customer. 

Transaction
price is stated in a contract and is a set range of commission amounts based on each policy sold. There are two variable components to
consideration received: 

a) 
 Commissions
 are only earned once a policy is Placed , defined as, an active policy sold to the IM Customer where the IM Customer
 has received the initial insurance carrier payment with respect to such policy. The Company requires end-user insured parties to
 pay the initial premium to the insurance carrier upon issuance of a policy. Insurance carrier in turn pays IM Customer its initial
 payment soon thereafter. Thus, upon sale of an issued policy to IM Customer, the Company has provided a bound issued policy and ensured
 first premium payment has been completed by insured party. This results in virtual assurance that the IM Customer will receive its
 initial insurance carrier payment, and it is more than probable that a significant revenue reversal will not occur. The Company thus
 considers all policies sold to the IM Customer to be Placed for revenue recognition purposes. 

b) 
 Commission
 revenue is subject to chargeback in full if a policy is cancelled or lapses within three months from the policy effective date or
 if the insured party does not make the first three payments of the policy. The Company uses historical activity as well as current
 factors to estimate the unconstrained variable consideration for recognition per the expected value method. A chargeback reserve
 liability is credited for the difference between cash consideration received and variable consideration recognized. At each reporting
 period, the Company remeasures the chargeback reserve liability and recognizes any change as an increase or decrease to the then
 current period revenue. As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the chargeback reserve liability was 1,585,435 and 0, respectively. 

With
one performance obligation, allocation of transaction price is normally not necessary. 

The
Company recognizes revenue at a point in time when it satisfies its performance obligation and control of an insurance policy transfers
to the IM Customer. Transfer of control occurs when the Company submits the Policy to the IM Customer. 

IM
Customers generally pay the Company weekly, and accruals are recorded as necessary at period end. 

Other
revenue policies: Insurance commissions earned from Carriers for life insurance products are recorded gross of amounts due to agents,
with a corresponding commission expense for downstream agent commissions being recorded as commission expense within the condensed consolidated
statements of operations. 

When
applicable, commission revenue is recognized net of any deductions for estimated commission adjustments due to lapses, policy cancellations,
and revisions in coverage. 

The
Company could earn additional revenue from contingent commissions, profit-sharing, override and bonuses based on meeting certain revenue
or profit targets established periodically by the Carriers (collectively, Contingent Commissions ). Contingent Commissions
are earned when the Company achieves targets established by Carriers. The Carriers notify the Company when it has achieved the target.
The Company recognizes revenue for any Contingent Commissions at the time it is reasonably assured that a significant revenue reversal
is not probable, which is generally when a Carrier notifies the Company that it is on track or has earned a Contingent Commission. 

- 

USBA 
 
 - 

CCS/UIS 
 - 

Montana 
 
 - 

Fortman 

Altruis 
 
 - 

Kush 
 
 - 

Medigap 
 
 - 

RELI Exchange 

Revenue 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Medical/Life 
 Property and Casualty 
 Total 
 
 Regular 

EBS 
 
 - 

USBA 
 
 - 

CCS/UIS 
 - 

Montana 
 
 - 

Fortman 

Altruis 
 
 - 

Kush 
 
 - 

Revenue 

The
Company assessed the materiality of the adjustments to prior period financial statements in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission
Staff Accounting Bulletin No. (SAB) 99, Materiality , and SAB 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when
Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements , and ASC 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections . 

Accordingly,
the Company s comparative consolidated financial statements and impacted notes have been revised from amounts previously reported
to reflect these adjustments. The following table illustrates the impact on previously reported amounts and adjusted balances presented
in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Accumulated Deficit 

. The purchase price
was paid with a cash payment of , in restricted shares of our common stock, in a transaction exempt from registration
under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and an earn-out payment. 

The
Kush Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with the acquisition method under the guidance in ASC 805-10
and 805-20. Accordingly, the total purchase consideration was allocated to intangible assets acquired based on their respective estimated
fair values. The acquisition method of accounting requires, among other things, that assets acquired, and liabilities assumed, if any,
in a business purchase combination be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The process for estimating the fair
values of identifiable intangible assets and certain tangible assets requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including
estimating future cash flows, developing appropriate discount rates, estimating the costs, and timing. 

Trade name and trademarks 

Customer relationships 

Non-competition agreements 

Goodwill 

Trade name and trademarks was measured at fair value
using the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. Significant inputs used to measure the fair value include an estimate
of projected revenue from the trade name, a pre-tax royalty rate of and a discount rate of . 

Customer relationships were measured at fair value
using the multiple-period excess earnings method under the income approach. Significant inputs used to measure the fair value include
an estimate of projected revenue and costs associated with existing customers, and a discount rate of . 

Non-competition agreements were measured at fair value
using the multiple-period excess earnings method under the income approach. Significant inputs used to measure the fair value include
an estimate of projected revenue and costs associated with existing customers, and a discount rate of . 

Goodwill
of arising from the Kush Acquisition consisted of the value of the employee workforce and the residual value after all identifiable
intangible assets were valued. Goodwill recognized pursuant to the Kush Acquisition is currently expected to be deductible for income
tax purposes. Total acquisition costs for the Kush Acquisition incurred were recorded as a component of General and administrative
expenses. The approximate revenue and net profit for the acquired business as a standalone entity per ASC 805 from January 1, 2021 to
April 30, 2021 was and , respectively. 

Pro
Forma Information 

The
results of operations of Kush will be included in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of the date of
acquisition through the current period end. The following approximate Company combined supplemental pro-forma financial information
 assumes that the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the year ended
2021: 

Net Income (Loss) 

Earnings (Loss) per common share, basic 

Earnings (Loss) per common share, diluted 

Medigap
Healthcare Insurance Agency, LLC Transaction 

On
January 10, 2022, pursuant to an asset purchase agreement, dated December 21, 2021, we completed the acquisition of all of the assets
of Medigap Healthcare Insurance Company, LLC Medigap for a purchase price of consisting of: (i) payment to
Medigap of in cash and (ii) the issuance to Medigap of shares of the Company s restricted common stock in a
transaction exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The purchase price is subject to
post-closing adjustment to reconcile certain pre-closing credits and liabilities of the parties. The shares issued to Medigap as part
of the purchase price are subject to lock up arrangements pursuant to which 50 of the shares may be sold after the one-year anniversary
of the date of closing of the transaction and the balance of the shares may be sold after the second-year anniversary of the date of
closing of the transaction. 

The
acquisition of Medigap was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with the acquisition method under the guidance in ASC
805-10 and 805-20. Accordingly, the total purchase consideration was allocated to intangible assets acquired based on their respective
estimated fair values. The acquisition method of accounting requires, among other things, that assets acquired, and liabilities assumed,
if any, in a business purchase combination be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The process for estimating
the fair values of identifiable intangible assets and certain tangible assets requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions,
including estimating future cash flows, developing appropriate discount rates, estimating the costs, and timing. 

Right-of-use asset 

Trade name and trademarks 

Customer relationships 

Technology 

Backlog 

Chargeback reserve 

Lease liability 

Goodwill 

Trade
name was measured at fair value using the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. Significant inputs used to measure the
fair value include an estimate of projected revenue from the trade name, a pre-tax royalty rate of and a discount rate of . 

Customer
relationships were measured at fair value using the multiple-period excess earnings method under the income approach. Significant inputs
used to measure the fair value include an estimate of projected revenue and costs associated with existing customers, and a discount
rate of . 

Technology
was measured at fair value using the cost replacement method of the cost approach. Significant inputs used to measure the fair value
include an estimate of cost to replace, an obsolescence rate of . 

The
value assigned to backlog acquired was estimated based upon the contractual nature of the backlog as of the acquisition date, using the
income approach to discount back to present value the cash flows attributable to the backlog, using a discount rate of . 

Goodwill
of arising from the acquisition of Medigap consisted of the value of the employee workforce and the residual value after
all identifiable intangible assets were valued. Goodwill recognized pursuant to the acquisition of Medigap is currently expected to be
deductible for income tax purposes. Total acquisition costs for the acquisition of Medigap incurred were recorded as a component
of General and administrative expenses. 

The
approximate revenue and net profit or loss for the acquired business as a standalone entity per ASC 805 from January 10, 2022 to December
31, 2022 was and a loss of , respectively. 

Pro
Forma Information 

The
results of operations of Medigap will be included in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of the date of
acquisition through the current period end. The following approximate Company combined supplemental pro-forma financial information
 assumes that the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021: 

Net Income (Loss) 

Earnings (Loss) per common share, basic 

Earnings (Loss) per common share, diluted 

Barra
 Associates, LLC Transaction 

On
April 26, 2022, we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the APA with Barra Associates, LLC Barra pursuant to which the Company purchased all of the assets of Barra Associates, LLC on April 26, 2022 for a purchase price in the
amount of in cash, with paid to Barra at closing, payable in nine months from closing, and a final earnout
of payable over two years from closing based upon meeting stated milestones. The APA contains standard, commercial representations
and warranties and covenants. The source of the cash payment was in funds borrowed from Oak Street Lending Loan ),
our existing lender pursuant to a Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Promissory Note, of even date. The purchase price is subject
to post-closing adjustment to reconcile certain pre-closing credits and liabilities of the parties. 

The
acquisition of Barra was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with the acquisition method pursuant to FASB Topic No.
805, Business Combination (ASC 805). Accordingly, the total purchase consideration was allocated to the assets acquired, and liabilities
assumed based on their respective estimated fair values. The acquisition method of accounting requires, among other things, that assets
acquired, and liabilities assumed, if any, in a business purchase combination be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition
date. The process for estimating the fair values of identifiable intangible assets and certain tangible assets requires the use of significant
estimates and assumptions, including estimating future cash flows, developing appropriate discount rates, estimating the costs, and timing. 

Property, plant and equipment 

Right-of-use asset 

Trade names 

Customer relationships 

Developed technology 

Agency relationships 

Lease liability 

Goodwill 

Trade
name was measured at fair value using the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. Significant inputs used to measure the
fair value include an estimate of projected revenue from the trade name, a pre-tax royalty rate of and a discount rate of . 

Customer
and Agency relationships were measured at fair value using the multiple-period excess earnings method under the income approach. Significant
inputs used to measure the fair value include an estimate of projected revenue and costs associated with existing customers, and a discount
rate of . 

Developed
technology was measured at fair value using the cost replacement method of the cost approach. Significant inputs used to measure the
fair value include an estimate of cost to replace, an obsolescence rate of . 

Goodwill
of arising from the acquisition of Barra consisted of the value of the employee workforce and the residual value after all
identifiable intangible assets were valued. Goodwill recognized pursuant to the acquisition of Barra is currently expected to be deductible
for income tax purposes. Total acquisition costs incurred through December 31, 2022 for the acquisition of Barra were recorded
as a component of General and administrative expenses. 

The
approximate revenue and net profit or loss for the acquired business as a standalone entity per ASC 805 from April 26, 2022 to December
31, 2022 was and a loss of ) , respectively. 

Pro
Forma Information 

The
results of operations of Barra will be included in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of the date of acquisition
through the current period end. The following supplemental pro forma financial information approximate combined financial information
assumes that the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the nine months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Net Income (Loss) 

Earnings (Loss) per common share, basic 

Earnings (Loss) per common share, diluted 

in NSURE to be funded
in three tranches. In exchange, the Company will receive a total of shares of NSURE s Class A Common Stock. 

During
the course of calendar year 2020 and by October 8, 2020, the Company funded the first tranche, in exchange for shares.
The second tranche allowed the Company to acquire an additional shares at a price of per share by no later than December
30, 2020. The third full tranche allowed the Company to purchase an additional shares at a purchase price of after December
20, 2020, but no later than March 31, 2021. 

The
Company did not fund tranches two and three in the required timeframes, thus, the Company relinquished its rights under the contract
to any additional NSURE shares aside for the ones already acquired with tranche one. 

During the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
sold of its NSURE shares to unaffiliated third parties, receiving cash proceeds of . The Company s remaining NSURE
share balance as of December 31, 2022 is . 

The
Company measures the NSURE shares subsequent to acquisition in accordance with ASC 321-10-35-2, at cost less impairment since no readily
determinable fair value is available to the Company. The investment is reviewed for impairment at each reporting period by qualitatively
assessing any indicators demonstrating fair value of the investment is less than carrying value. The Company did not observe any price
changes resulting from orderly transactions for identical or similar assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. ASC 321-10-50-4
further requires an entity to disclose unrealized gains and losses for periods that relate to equity securities held at a reporting date.
To date, the Company has not recognized any unrealized gains or losses on the NSURE security. 

In
accordance with ACS 321-10-35-3, the Company performed a qualitative assessment to determine if the investment may be impaired. After
considering the indicators contained in ASC 321-10-35-3a 3e, the Company determined that the investment was not impaired. 

Office equipment and furniture 

Leasehold Improvements 

Property and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense associated with property and equipment, is included within depreciation and amortization in the Company s consolidated
statements of operations and is, and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million vs. our goodwill balance prior to write-down of million. Thus, the Company recognized a
goodwill impairment loss of 
presented in the Statements of Operations as goodwill impairment for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company assessed goodwill in accordance with ASC 350-20-35-3, analyzing the relevant qualitative factors. The Company
noted that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, thus
determining that the two-step goodwill impairment test was not required. Pursuant to the qualitative assessment, the Company
concluded that goodwill was not impaired as of and for the year ended December and 2021. 

The
following table rolls forward the Company s goodwill balance for the periods ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Goodwill recognized in connection with Kush acquisition on May 1, 2021 

December 31, 2021 

Goodwill recognized in connection with Medigap acquisition on January 10, 2022 

Goodwill recognized in connection with Barra acquisition on April 26, 2022 

Goodwill Impairment 

December 31, 2022 

Internally developed software 

Customer relationships 

Purchased software 

Video Production Assets 

- 
 
 Non-competition agreements 

Contracts backlog 

- 

The
following table sets forth the major categories of the Company s intangible assets and the weighted-average remaining amortization
period as of December 31, 2021: 

Weighted Average Remaining Amortization period (Years) 
 Gross Carrying Amount 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net Carrying Amount 
 
 Trade name and trademarks 

Internally developed software 

Customer relationships 

Purchased software 

Video Production Assets 

- 

Non-competition agreements 

Amortization
expense, is, and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued credit card payables 

Other accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 

, maturing , net of deferred financing costs of 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Oak Street Funding LLC Senior Secured Amortizing Credit Facility for the acquisition of CCS, variable
 interest of Prime Rate plus , maturing , net of deferred financing costs of 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Oak Street Funding LLC Term Loan for the acquisition of SWMT, variable
 interest of Prime Rate plus , maturing net of deferred financing costs of 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Oak Street Funding LLC Term Loan for the acquisition of FIS, variable
 interest of Prime Rate plus , maturing , 
 net of deferred financing costs of 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Oak Street Funding LLC Term Loan for the acquisition of ABC, variable
 interest of Prime Rate plus , maturing , net of deferred financing costs of 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Oak Street Funding LLC Term Loan, variable interest of Prime Rate plus ,
 maturing , for the acquisition of Barra, net of deferred financing costs of 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 
 - 

Less: current portion 

Long-term debt 

Oak
Street Funding LLC Term Loans and Credit Facilities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2018 the Company entered into two debt agreements with Oak Street Funding LLC. On August 1, 2018, EBS and
USBA entered into a Credit Agreement with Oak Street Funding LLC Oak Street whereby EBS and USBA borrowed from
Oak Street under a Term Loan. The Term Loan is secured by certain assets of the Company. Interest accrues at on the basis of a
360-day year, maturing 120 months from the Amortization Date (September 25, 2018). The Company incurred debt issuance costs associated
with the Term Loan in the amount of . On December 7, 2018, CCS entered into a Facility with Oak Street whereby CCS borrowed 
from Oak Street under a senior secured amortizing credit facility. and matures years from the closing date . The Company incurred debt issuance costs associated with the Facility in the
amount of , which were deferred and are amortized over the length of the Facility. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2019 the Company entered in Credit Agreements with Oak Street on April 1, 2019, May 1, 2019 and September
5, 2019 whereby the Company borrowed a total amount of from Oak Street under the Term Loans. The Term Loans are secured by
certain assets of the Company. and matures years
from the closing date . The Company recorded debt issuance costs associated with the aforementioned loans in total of . 

On April 26, 2022 the Company entered into a secured
promissory note (the Note) with Oak Street Funding LLC subject to the terms of the Master Credit Agreement, whereby the Company borrowed
 with a maturity date of . The Note is secured by certain assets of the Company and subject to certain financial
covenants. Interest accrues at the Prime Rate plus an Applicable Margin of on the basis of a 360-day year. The Company incurred
debt issuance costs associated with the Note of . 

Aggregated
cumulative maturities of long-term obligations (including the Term Loan and the Facility), excluding deferred financing costs, as of
December 31, 2022 are: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less debt issuance costs 

Total 

Short-Term
Financings 

The
Company has various short-term notes payable for financed items such as insurance premiums and CRM software purchases. Total financed
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively was approximately and . These are normally paid in equal installments
over a period of twelve months or less and carry interest rates ranging between and per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
approximately and remains outstanding on short-term financings. 

shares of the Company s common stock, par
value 
 per share at an exercise price of 
 per share, (ii) an aggregate of 
shares of Common Stock, and (iii) 
 shares
of the Company s newly-designated Series B convertible preferred stock, par value 
 per
share, with a stated value of 
 per
share, initially convertible into an aggregate of 
 shares
of Common Stock at a conversion price of 61.35 per share,
each a freestanding financial instrument, (the Private Placement ). The aggregate purchase price for the Common Shares,
the Preferred Shares and the Warrants was approximately . 

By
entering into the Private Placement on December 22, 2021, the Company entered into a commitment to issue the Common Shares, Preferred
Shares and Series B Warrants on the Initial Closing Date for a fixed price and exercise price, as applicable. The commitment to issue
Series B Warrants (the Warrant Commitment represents a derivative financial instrument, other than an outstanding share,
that, at inception, has both of the following characteristics: (i) embodies a conditional obligation indexed to the Company s equity.
The Company classified the commitment to issue the warrants as a derivative liability because it represents a written option that does
not qualify for equity accounting The Company initially measured the derivative liability at its fair value and will subsequently remeasure
the derivative liability, at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. An option pricing model was utilized to calculate
the fair value of the Warrant Commitment. The Company initially recorded of non-operating unrealized losses within the recognition
and change in fair value of warrant liabilities account for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Private Placement closed on January 4, 2022, at which time the Company remeasured the derivative liability for the warrants issued
in the transaction, recognizing 
of non-operating unrealized losses and a derivative liability of .
The closing of the Private Placement settled the subscription receivable reported on the Company s balance sheet as of
December 31, 2021. 

Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, due to a non-Private
Placement related dilutive share issuance, effective December 27, 2022, the Series B Warrants outstanding increased to 
 and the exercise price reset to .
On December 27, 2022, 
 Series B Warrants were exercised into 
 shares of common stock with cash proceeds to the Company of .
As of December 31, 2022, there remains Series B Warrants outstanding. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net
fair value (gains) and losses recognized for the Series B Warrants were, and 0 respectively, presented in the recognition
and change in fair value of warrant liabilities account in the consolidated statements of operations. The Series B Warrant liability outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and respectively, presented in the warrant liability account on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

Placement
Agent Warrants 

In
connection with the Private Placement, the Company issued 
 warrants to the placement agent for the Private
Placement. The warrants were issued as compensation for the Placement Agent s services. The Placement Agent Warrants (PAW) are:
(i) exercisable on any day after the six (6) month anniversary of the issue date, (ii) expire after the closing of the Private Placement,
and (iii) exercisable at 
 per share. The Placement Agent Warrants contain
terms that may require the Company to transfer assets to settle the warrants. Therefore, the Placement Agent Warrants are classified
as a derivative liability, initially measured at fair value of 
 on the date of issuance and will be remeasured
each accounting period with the changes in fair value reported in earnings. The Placement Agent Warrants are considered financing expense
fees paid to the Placement Agent in relation to a derivative liability measured at fair value, thus, are included along with non-operating
unrealized gains and losses in the recognition and change in fair value of warrant liabilities account in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net
fair value (gains) and losses recognized for the PAW were, and 0 respectively, presented in the recognition and change in
fair value of warrant liabilities account in the consolidated statements of operations. The PAW liability outstanding as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 is and respectively, presented in the warrant liability account on the consolidated balance sheets. 

or more of total revenue are presented in the table below: 

 SCHEDULE
OF CONCENTRATIONS OF REVENUES 

Insurance Carrier 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 LTC Global 
 
 - 
 
 BlueCross BlueShield 

Priority Health 

No
other single insurance carrier accounted for more than of the Company s commission revenues. The loss of any significant customer, could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

shares of 
par value Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors is expressly vested with the authority to divide any or all of the Preferred Stock
into series and to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of the shares of each series so established, within certain
guidelines established in the Articles of Incorporation. 

, stock options and the like with respect to such shares, plus any accumulated
but unpaid dividends (whether or not earned or declared) on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) the amount such holder
would have received if such holder has converted its shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to common stock, subject to but immediately
prior to such liquidation. 

On February
11, 2021, Reliance Global Holdings, LLC, a related party, converted shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into 
shares of common stock. 

On November
5, 2021, Reliance Global Holdings, LLC, a related party, converted shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into shares
of common stock. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock have been converted and none remain outstanding. 

In
January 2022, the Company issued shares of its newly designated Series B convertible preferred stock through the Private Placement
for the purpose of raising capital. The Series B convertible preferred stock have no voting rights and initially each share may be converted
into shares of the Company s common stock. The holders of the Series B convertible preferred stock are not entitled to receive
any dividends other than any dividends paid on account of the common stock. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of
the Company the same amount that a holder of common stock would receive if the Preferred Stock were fully converted (disregarding for
such purposes any conversion limitations hereunder) to common stock which amounts shall be paid pari-passu with all holders of common
stock. 

During
August 2022, all Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock were converted by third parties into shares of common
stock. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock have been converted and none remain outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company has been authorized to issue shares of common stock, par value. Each share of issued and outstanding common
stock shall entitle the holder thereof to fully participate in all shareholder meetings, to cast one vote on each matter with respect
to which shareholders have the right to vote, and to share ratably in all dividends and other distributions declared and paid with respect
to common stock, as well as in the net assets of the corporation upon liquidation or dissolution. 

On
January 21, 2021 pursuant to authority granted by the Board of Directors of the Company, the Company implemented a of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock simultaneously with its up listing to the Nasdaq
Capital Market (the Reverse Split-2021 ). The number of authorized shares remains unchanged. All share and per share
information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Split-2021 for all periods presented, unless otherwise
indicated. 

In February 2021, The Company issued shares
of common stock pursuant to software purchase, valued at . 

In February 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock through a stock offering for the purpose of raising capital. The Company received gross proceeds of for the
issuance of these common shares. 

In February 2021, Reliance Global Holdings, LLC,
a related party, converted 
 of outstanding debt into 
 shares of common stock. The conversion considered the fair market value of the stock on the day of conversion of 
 for total shares issued as a result of 42,222. 

In March 2021, the Company issued shares of
the Company s common stock to a vendor for services valued at . 

In May 2021, the Company issued shares of common
stock pursuant to the acquisition of the Kush Acquisition, valued at . 

In
January 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock through the Private Placement for the purpose of raising capital. See
Note 9 - Warrant Liabilities for proceeds received by the Company. 

In
January 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to the Medigap Acquisition. 

In
January 2022, upon agreement with Series A warrant holders, 
warrants were exercised at a price of 
into 
shares of the Company s common stock. 

In
March 2022, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock due to the vesting of stock awards pursuant to
an employee agreement. 

In
May and June 2022, Series C prepaid warrants were exchanged for shares of the Company s common stock. 

In
July 2022, Series D prepaid warrants were exchanged for shares of the Company s common stock. 

In
December 2022, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock due to the vesting of stock awards pursuant
to several employee agreements. 

In December 2022,
upon agreement with Series B warrant holders, warrants were exercised at a price of into
 shares of the Company s common stock with cash proceeds to the Company of . 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and shares of Common Stock outstanding, respectively. 

Warrants 

Series
A Warrants 

In
conjunction with the Company s initial public offering, the Company issued Series A Warrants which were classified as
equity warrants because of provisions, pursuant to the warrant agreement, that permit the holder obtain a fixed number of shares for
a fixed monetary amount. The warrants are standalone equity securities that are transferable without the Company s consent or knowledge.
The warrants were recorded at a value per the offering of . The warrants may be exercised at any point from the effective date until
the 5-year anniversary of issuance and are not subject to standard antidilution provisions. The Series A Warrants are exercisable at
a per share exercise price equal to of the public offering price of one share of common stock and accompanying Series A Warrant,
 . Series A warrant holders exercised Series A warrants in January 2022, resulting in of Series A warrants remaining
issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. 

Series
C and D Warrants 

In
January 2022, as a result of the Private Placement and the Medigap Acquisition, the Company received a deficiency notification from Nasdaq
indicating violation of Listing Rule 5365(a). As part of its remediation plan, in March 2022, the Company entered into Exchange Agreements
with the holders of common stock issued in January 2022. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreements, the Company issued Series C prepaid
warrants in exchange for shares of the Company s common stock. Additionally, as compensation for entering into the Exchange
Agreements, the Company issued Series D prepaid warrants to the Private Placement investors for no additional consideration.
The fair value of the Series D prepaid warrants was treated as a deemed dividend and accordingly treated as a reduction from income available
to common stockholders in the calculation of earnings per share. Refer to Note 7, Earnings (Loss) Per Share for additional information. 

The
Series C and D Warrants are equity classified pursuant to the warrant agreement provisions that permit holders to obtain a fixed number
of shares for a fixed monetary amount. The warrants are standalone equity securities that are transferable without the Company s
consent or knowledge. The warrants expire on the fifth anniversary of the respective issuance dates and are exercisable at a per share
exercise price equal to . 

In
May and June 2022, the Series C prepaid warrants were converted for shares of the Company s common stock for
a conversion price of . Through December 31, 2022, the Company has received payments of for these issuances. 

In
July 2022, the Series D prepaid warrants were converted into shares of the Company s common stock for a conversion
price of through both cash and cashless exercises. Proceeds of were received in conjunction with the cash exercise. 

Equity Incentive Plan 

During
the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company adopted the Reliance Global Group, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the
 Plan under which various forms of equity awards can be granted to employees, directors, consultants, and service
providers. Awards include but are not limited to, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares and stock options. A
total of shares
of common stock were reserved for issuance under the Plan, and as of December 31, 2022, shares remain available for issuance.
With regards to options, the Company issues new shares of common stock from the shares reserved under the Plan upon exercise of
options. 

The
Plan is administered by the Board of Directors (the Board ). The Board is authorized to select from among eligible
employees, directors, and service providers those individuals to whom shares and options are to be granted and to determine the
number of shares to be subject to, and the terms and conditions of the options. The Board is also authorized to prescribe, amend,
and rescind terms relating to options granted under the Plan. Generally, the interpretation and construction of any provision of the
Plan or any shares and options granted hereunder is within the discretion of the Board. 

Stock Options: 

The
Plan provides that options may or may not be Incentive Stock Options (ISOs) within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue
Code. Only employees of the Company are eligible to receive ISOs, while employees, non-employee directors, consultants, and service providers
are eligible to receive options which are not ISOs, i.e. Non-Statutory Stock Options. The options granted by the Board
in connection with its adoption of the Plan were Non-Statutory Stock Options. 

The
fair value of each option granted is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model or the value of the services
provided, whichever is more readily determinable. The Black-Scholes option pricing model takes into account, as of the grant date, the
exercise price and expected life of the option, the current price of the underlying stock and its expected volatility, expected dividends
on the stock and the risk-free interest rate for the term of the option. 

- 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited or expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 

Options 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

- 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited or expired 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

- 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vested 

Forfeited or expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

Options 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
 
 Non-vested at December 31, 2020 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vested 

Forfeited or expired 

Non-vested at December 31, 2021 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Board did not approve any options to be issued
pursuant to the Plan. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, various employee terminations occurred resulting in option forfeitures of and respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that the options granted and outstanding had a total fair value of , which will
be amortized in future periods through February 2024. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 
 of compensation expense relating to the stock
options granted to employees, directors, and consultants. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense totaled 
 which will be recognized on a straight-line basis
over the vesting period or requisite service period through February 2024. 

The
intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the market value and the exercise price of the shares on December 31, 2022. The
market value as of December 31, 2022 was based on the closing bid price for December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company determined that the options granted and outstanding had a total fair value of ,
which will be amortized in future periods through February 2024. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized
 
of compensation expense relating to the stock options granted to employees, directors, and consultants. As of December 31, 2021,
unrecognized compensation expense totaled 
which will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period or requisite service period through February
2024. 

The
intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the market value and the exercise price of the shares on December 31, 2021. The
market value as of December 31, 2021 was based on the closing bid price for December 31, 2021. 

The
Company estimated the fair value of each stock option on the grant date using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Black-Scholes option-pricing
models require the Company to make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility, recipient exercise behavior, and dividend
yield. The Company estimated the future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option.
The expected term of the options was computed by taking the mid-point between the vesting date and expiration date. The following assumptions
were used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, not accounting for the reverse splits: 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Expected
 term 
 
 to years 
 
 to years 
 
 Risk-free
 interest rate 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Estimated
 volatility 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Expected
 dividend 
 - 
 - 

Equity-based
Compensation 

The
Plan provides for various forms of stock awards. Between February and May 2022, three existing employees and/or executives were
awarded restricted shares totaling shares of the Company s common stock to be vested immediately. The shares were
valued at 766,250, 
treated as stock-based compensation expense, and were issued in December 2022. 

Pursuant to an agreement in April 2022,
further amended in October 2022 between the Company and an executive, the executive was granted restricted
shares of the Company s common stock which vest quarterly over a three-year period. The shares granted were valued at
 at
the date of the grant. For the year ended December 31, 2022, compensation expense on this grant was .
As of December 31, 2022, 
shares have been issued under this agreement. 

Pursuant
to an equity-based compensation program at one of the Company s subsidiaries which provides agents the ability to earn and
receive restricted stock awards upon completion of agreed upon service requirements, the Company granted 
restricted stock awards which were immediately vested. Stocks earned are restricted for twelve months. The stocks were valued at
 
and recognized as stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. No shares have been issued for this program
as of December 31, 2022. 

In
2021, three employees received a signing bonus of shares of the Company s common stock to be issued after the completion of a service
period ranging from one to three years of service. The shares granted in 2021 were valued at . For the year ended December 31,
2021, compensation expense on these grants totaled . 

Total stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
and , respectively. 

Deemed dividend 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Weighted average common shares 

Effect of weighted average vested stock awards 
 
 - 
 
 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted loss per common share: 

Shares subject to outstanding Series A warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Shares subject to outstanding Series B Warrants and PAW 
 
 - 
 
 Shares subject to unvested stock awards 
 
 - 

and 
respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rates for the
operating leases were 
years and 
and years and respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted operating lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

- 

Changes due to business combinations 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Changes due to payments 
 - 

Changes due to fair value adjustments 
 - 

Ending balance December 31, 2022 
 - 

CCS 
 Fortman 
 Montana 
 Altruis 
 Kush 
 Total 
 
 Ending balance December 31, 2020 

- 

Changes due to business combinations 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Changes due to payments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Changes due to fair value adjustments 
 - 

Changes due to write-offs 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Ending balance December 31, 2021 
 - 

COVID-19
pandemic contingencies 

The
spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak in the United States has resulted in economic uncertainties which may negatively impact
the Company s business operations. While the disruption is expected to be temporary, there is uncertainty surrounding the duration
and extent of the impact. 

Adverse
events such as health-related concerns about working in our offices, the inability to travel and other matters affecting the general
work environment could harm our business and our business strategy. While we do not anticipate any material impact to our business operations
as a result of the coronavirus, in the event of a major disruption caused by the outbreak of pandemic diseases such as coronavirus, we
may lose the services of our employees or experience system interruptions, which could lead to diminishment of our business operations.
Any of the foregoing could harm our business and delay the implementation of our business strategy and we cannot anticipate all the ways
in which the current global health crisis and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 

Management
is actively monitoring the global situation on its financial condition, liquidity, operations, industry and workforce. 

State net of federal 
 - 

Non-taxable change in fair value of warrant commitment 
 - 

Goodwill impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Rate Change 
 - 

Other 

Valuation allowance 
 
 (- 
 
 Effective income tax rate 

The
Company did not have any material uncertain tax positions. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued
related to unrecognized benefits as a component income tax expense (benefit). The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties,
nor did it have any interest or penalties accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Stock based compensation 

Goodwill 

Intangibles 

Fixed assets 

Right of use assets 

Lease liabilities 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has approximately of and . 

The
Company has approximately of state net operation loss carry forward to offset future taxable income in the states in which
it currently operates. These carryforwards start expiring in 2029. 

. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the valuation allowance increased and , respectively. 

The
tax periods ending December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021 are open for examination. 

and respectively. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, Reliance Holdings owned approximately and , respectively, of the common stock of the Company. 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note to YES Americana Group, LLC, a related party entity for the principal sum of
 (the Note ). The Note matures on , bearing interest of per annum for the first six months,
and . In the event the Note is not paid by the maturity date, the loan will automatically be
extended for an additional year until January 15, 2025, and if necessary, extended again for one additional year through January 15,
2026. 

. Mr. Markovits was also granted shares, per annum, of the Company s common stock, with an
effective grant date of December 28, 2022, which will vest monthly each year during the duration of his employment. 

As previously disclosed, the Company issued a promissory
note to YES Americana Group, LLC Americana ), a related party entity, for the principal sum of (the Note ).
 . On February 13, 2023, Americana effectuated a conversion
of of the Note into shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, in accordance with the
terms of the Amendment. 

On February 23, 2023, 

On March 13, 2023, the Company entered into a
securities purchase agreement with one institutional buyer for the purchase and sale of, subject to customary closing conditions,
(i) an aggregate of 
shares (the Common Shares of the Company s common stock, par value 
per share (the Common Stock along with accompanying common warrants (the Common Units ), (ii) prefunded
warrants (the Prefunded Warrants that are exercisable into 
shares of Common Stock (the Prefunded Warrant Shares along with accompanying common warrants (the Pre-Funded
Units ), and (iii) common warrants (the Common Warrants to initially acquire up to 
shares of Common Stock (the Common Warrant Shares (representing 200 of the Common Shares and Prefunded Warrant
Shares) in a private placement offering (the Private Placement ). Additionally, the Company agreed to issue a warrant
to the Placement Agent (defined below), to initially acquire 
shares of common stock (the PA Warrant ). The closing of the Private Placement occurred on March 16, 2023. EF Hutton, a
division of Benchmark Investments, LLC (the Placement Agent acted as the sole placement agent for the Company in
connection with the Private Placement. Pursuant to that certain Engagement Letter, dated as of January 30, 2023, between the Company
and the Placement Agent, the Placement Agent is entitled to a cash fee of 
of the gross proceeds of the Private Placement and the reimbursement of certain Placement Agent fees and expenses, including, but
not limited to, up to 
for fees and expenses including road show , diligence, and reasonable legal fees and disbursements for the Placement
Agent s counsel. 

F- 32 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The following exhibits are filed or furnished with
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Eye on Media Network, Inc. (now, Reliance Global Group, Inc.) as amended through October 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 8, 2020 (File No. 333-249381)). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Eye on Media Network, Inc. (now, Reliance Global Group, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 8, 2020 (File No. 333-249381)). 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Reliance Global Group, Inc. dated February 3, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 5, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-249381)). 

3.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Reliance Global Group, Inc. dated December 23, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 6, 2022 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

3.5 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Reliance Global Group, Inc. dated February 16, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2023 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Series C Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2022 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

4.2 
 
 Form of Series D Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2022 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Reliance Global Group, Inc. and Nsure, Inc. dated February 19, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 8, 2020 (SEC File No. 333-249381)). 

10.2 
 
 Irrevocable Assignment Acquisition Agreement between Reliance Global Holdings, LLC and Ezra Beyman effective as of June 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 8, 2020 (File No. 333-249381)). 

10.3 
 
 Lease between Coverage Consultants Unlimited, Inc. and Commercial Coverage Solutions, LLC dated August 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Amendment No. 3) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2021 (File No. 333-249381)). 

10.4 
 
 Master Credit Agreement between Southwestern Montana Insurance Center, LLC and Oak Street Funding LLC dated April 3, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Amendment No. 1) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 4, 2020 (File No. 333-249381)). 

10.5 
 
 Reliance Global Group Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Amendment No. 3) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2021 (File No. 333-249381)). 

10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement between Nsure Inc. and Reliance Global Group, Inc. dated October 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Amendment No. 3) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2021 (File No. 333-249381)). 

10.7 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement between Reliance Global Group, Inc. and VStock Transfer, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Amendment No. 3) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2021 (File No. 333-249381)). 

10.8 
 
 Purchase Agreement among Kush Benefit Solutions, LLC, J.P. Kush and Associates, Inc. and Joshua Kushnereit dated May 12, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2021 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

44 

10.9 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement among Reliance Global Group, Inc. and the investors identified on the signature pages thereto dated as of December 22, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2021 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.10 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2021 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.11 
 
 Form of Series B Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2021 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.12 
 
 Form of Certificate of Designation for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2021 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.13 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement between Reliance Global Group, Inc. and Medigap Healthcare Insurance Company, LLC and the sole member thereof entered into agreement as of December 21, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 14, 2022 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.14 
 
 Form of Investor Exchange Agreement between Reliance Global Group, Inc. and the parties signatory to the agreement dated as of March 23, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2022 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.15 
 
 Form of Medigap Exchange Agreement between Reliance Global Group, Inc. and the parties signatory to the agreement dated as of March 23, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2022 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.16 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement between RELI Exchange, LLC and Barra Associates, LLC dated April 26, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 2, 2022 (File Number 001-40020)). 

10.17 
 
 Security Agreement between Medigap Healthcare Insurance Agency, LLC and Oak Street Funding LLC dated April 26, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 2, 2022 (File Number 001-40020)) 

10.18 
 
 Employment Agreement between Reliance Global Group, Inc. and Grant Barra dated April 26, 2022 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 2, 2022 (File Number 001-40020))Ex. 10.3 

10.19 
 
 Promissory Note issued by Reliance Global Group, Inc. to YES Americana Group LLC on September 13, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.20 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Promissory Note between Reliance Global Group, Inc. and YES Americana Group, LLC, dated as of February 7, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.21 
 
 Promotion Letter by and between Reliance Global Group, Inc. and Joel Markovits dated as of December 28, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 4, 2023 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.22# 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 13, 2023, between Reliance Global Group, Inc. and Investor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2023 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.23 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2023 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.24 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2023 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.25 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2023 (SEC File No. 001-40020)). 

10.26 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2023 (SEC File No. 001-40020)).. 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 List
 of subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to exhibits to the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Mazars USA LLP. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith 

Furnished
 herewith 

Includes
 management contracts and compensation plans and arrangements 
 
 # 
 Certain
 schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(A)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish supplementally copies
 of omitted schedules and exhibits to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon its request. 

45 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 30,
2023. 

Reliance
 Global Group, Inc. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Ezra Beyman 

Ezra
 Beyman 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Each
person whose signature appears below hereby appoints Ezra Beyman and Joel Markovits, and each of them, as attorney-in-fact with full
power of substitution to execute in the name and on behalf of the registrant and each such person, individually and in each capacity
stated below, one or more amendments to the annual report on Form 10-K, which amendments may make such changes in the report as the attorney-in-fact
acting deems appropriate and to file any such amendment to the annual report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Ezra Beyman 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Executive Chairman and Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Ezra
 Beyman 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Joel Markovits 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Joel
 Markovits 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Scott Korman 
 
 Director

March
 30, 2023 
 
 Scott Korman 

/s/
 Sheldon Brickman 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Sheldon
 Brickman 

/s/
 Ben Fruchtzweig 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Ben
 Fruchtzweig 

/s/
 Alex Blumenfrucht 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Alex Blumenfrucht 

46 

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-267799) pertaining to the Reliance
Global Group, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan of our reports dated March 30, 2023 on (i) the consolidated financial statements of Reliance
Global Group, Inc as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the two years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
all of which appear in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reliance Global Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Mazars USA LLP 

 Mazars
USA LLP 

 Fort
Washington, Pennsylvania 

 March
30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Ezra Beyman, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Reliance Global Group,
Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly for the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ezra Beyman 

Ezra
 Beyman 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Executive Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Joel Markovits, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Reliance Global Group,
Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly for the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Joel Markovits 

Joel Markovits 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification 

 Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 

 (Subsections
(A) And (B) Of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code),
each of the undersigned officers of Reliance Global Group, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, that: 

The
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ezra Beyman 

Ezra
 Beyman 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Executive Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Joel Markovits 

Joel Markovits 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 reli-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 reli-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 reli-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 reli-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

