<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1809519_0000950170-23-005262.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17419137</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>471622</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2103131</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8204328</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2501377</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3746456</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005262.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228184636
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005262
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GoodRx Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001809519
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				475104396
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39549
		FILM NUMBER:		23688547

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2701 OLYMPIC BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(855) 268-2822

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2701 OLYMPIC BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90404

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005262.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 gdrx-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Small reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million. 
 As of February 21, 2023 the registrant had shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 7 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 58 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 58 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 58 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 58 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 59 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 60 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 61 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 71 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 71 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 71 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 71 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 72 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 72 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 73 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 73 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 73 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 73 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 73 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 74 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 77 

2 
 
 Glossary of Selected Terminology 
 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, references to: 
 we , us , our , the Company , GoodRx , and similar references refer to GoodRx Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Co-Founders refers to Trevor Bezdek and Douglas Hirsch, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and members of our board of directors. 

consumers refer to the general population in the United States that uses or otherwise purchases healthcare products and services. References to our consumers or GoodRx consumers refer to consumers that have used one or more of our offerings. 

discounted price refers to a price for a prescription provided on our platform that represents a negotiated rate provided by one of our PBM partners at a retail pharmacy. Through our platform, our discounted prices are free to access for consumers by saving a GoodRx code to their mobile device for their selected prescription and presenting it at the chosen pharmacy. The term discounted price excludes prices we may otherwise source, such as prices from patient assistance programs for low-income individuals and Medicare prices, and any negotiated rates offered through our subscription offerings: GoodRx Gold Gold ), and Kroger Rx Savings Club powered by GoodRx Kroger Savings ). 

Francisco Partners refers to investment funds associated with Francisco Partners, including Francisco Partners IV, L.P. and Francisco Partners IV-A, L.P. 

GoodRx code refers to codes that can be accessed by our consumers through our apps or websites or that can be provided to our consumers directly by healthcare professionals, including physicians and pharmacists, that allow our consumers free access to our discounted prices or a lower list price for their prescriptions when such code is presented at their chosen pharmacy. 

GMV represents gross merchandise value, which is the aggregate price paid by our consumers who used a GoodRx code available through our platform for their prescriptions during such period. GMV excludes any prices paid by consumers linked to our other offerings, including our subscription offerings. 

Monthly Active Consumers refers to the number of unique consumers who have used a GoodRx code to purchase a prescription medication in a given calendar month and have saved money compared to the list price of the medication. A unique consumer who uses a GoodRx code more than once in a calendar month to purchase prescription medications is only counted as one Monthly Active Consumer in that month. A unique consumer who uses a GoodRx code in two or three calendar months within a quarter will be counted as a Monthly Active Consumer in each such month. Monthly Active Consumers do not include subscribers to our subscription offerings, consumers of our pharma manufacturer solutions offering, or consumers who used our telehealth offering. When presented for a period longer than a month, Monthly Active Consumers is averaged over the number of calendar months in such period. For example, a unique consumer who uses a GoodRx code twice in January, but who did not use our prescription transactions offering again in February or March, is counted as 1 in January and as 0 in both February and March, thus contributing 0.33 to our Monthly Active Consumers for such quarter (average of 1, 0 and 0). A unique consumer who uses a GoodRx code in January and in March, but did not use our prescription transactions offering in February, would be counted as 1 in January, 0 in February and 1 in March, thus contributing 0.66 to our Monthly Active Consumers for such quarter. Monthly Active Consumers from acquired companies are only included beginning in the first full quarter following the acquisition. 

Monthly Visitors refers to the number of individuals who visited our apps and websites in a given calendar month. Visitors to our apps and websites are counted independently. As a result, a consumer that visits or engages with our platform through both apps and websites will be counted multiple times in calculating Monthly Visitors, while family members who use a single computer to visit our websites will be counted only once. Additionally, Monthly Active Consumers who use a GoodRx code without accessing our apps or websites (since their GoodRx codes were saved in their profile at the pharmacy), will not be counted as Monthly Visitors. When presented for a period longer than a calendar month, Monthly Visitors is averaged over each calendar month in such period. 

PBM refers to a pharmacy benefit manager. PBMs aggregate demand to negotiate prescription medication prices with pharmacies and pharma manufacturers. PBMs find most of their demand through relationships with insurance companies and employers. However, nearly all PBMs also have consumer direct or cash network pricing that they negotiate with pharmacies for consumers who choose to purchase prescriptions outside of insurance. 

pharma is an abbreviation for pharmaceutical. 

3 
 
 savings , saved and similar references refer to the difference between the list price for a particular prescription at a particular pharmacy and the price paid by the GoodRx consumer for that prescription utilizing a GoodRx code available through our platform at that same pharmacy. In certain circumstances, we may show a list price on our platform when such list price is lower than the negotiated price available using a GoodRx code and, in certain circumstances, a consumer may use a GoodRx code and pay the list price at a pharmacy if such list price is lower than the negotiated price available using a GoodRx code. We do not earn revenue from such transactions, but our savings calculation includes an estimate of the savings achieved by the consumer because our platform has directed the consumer to the pharmacy with the low list price. This estimate of savings when the consumer pays the list price is based on internal data and is calculated as the difference between the average list price across all pharmacies where GoodRx consumers paid the list price and the average list price paid by consumers in the pharmacies to which we directed them. We do not calculate savings based on insurance prices as we do not have information about a consumer s specific coverage or price. We do not believe savings are representative or indicative of our revenue or results of operations. 

subscribers and similar references refers to our consumers that are subscribed to either of our subscription offerings, Gold or Kroger Savings. References to subscription plans as of a particular date represents an active subscription to either one of our aforementioned subscription offerings as of the specified date. Each subscription plan may represent more than one subscriber since family subscription plans may include multiple members. 

Silver Lake and similar references refer to investment funds associated with Silver Lake Partners, including SLP Geology Aggregator, L.P. 

Spectrum refers to investment funds associated with Spectrum Equity, including Spectrum Equity VII, L.P., Spectrum VII Investment Managers Fund, L.P., Spectrum VII Co-Investment Fund, L.P. 

Certain monetary amounts, percentages, and other figures included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been subject to rounding adjustments. Percentage amounts included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have not in all cases been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures, but on the basis of such amounts prior to rounding. For this reason, percentage amounts in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may vary from those obtained by performing the same calculations using the figures in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain other amounts that appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not sum due to rounding. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, targets, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, forecasts, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, industry and business trends, the impact of a grocery chain not accepting PBM pricing grocer issue on our future results of operations, stock compensation, our stock repurchase program, impacts of our cost savings initiatives, business strategy, plans, market growth and our objectives for future operations. 
 The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the important factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and have filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of 
 4 
 
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties when investing in our Class A common stock. The principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following: 
 Risks related to our limited operating history and early stage of growth could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 

We may be unsuccessful in achieving broad market education and changing consumer purchasing habits; 

We may be unable to continue to attract, acquire and retain consumers, or may fail to do so in a cost-effective manner; 

We rely significantly on our prescription transactions offering and may not be successful in expanding our offerings within our markets, particularly the U.S. prescriptions market, or to other segments of the healthcare industry; 

Our business is subject to changes in medication pricing and is significantly impacted by pricing structures negotiated by industry participants; 

We generally do not control the categories and types of prescriptions for which we can offer savings or discounted prices; 

We rely on a limited number of industry participants; 

We operate in a very competitive industry and we may fail to effectively differentiate our offerings and services from those of our competitors, which could impair our ability to attract and acquire new consumers and retain existing consumers; 

A pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the United States, including the outbreak of COVID-19, could adversely impact our business; 

Our estimated addressable market is subject to inherent challenges and uncertainties. If we overestimate the size of our addressable market or the various markets in which we operate, our future growth opportunities may be limited; 

We calculate certain operational metrics using internal systems and tools and do not independently verify such metrics. Certain metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business; 

We may be unable to successfully respond to changes in the market for prescription pricing, and may fail to maintain and expand the use of GoodRx codes through our apps and websites; 

We may be unable to maintain a positive perception regarding our platform or maintain and enhance our brand; 

We are obligated to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and any failure to maintain effective internal controls may cause us to not be able to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our Class A common stock; 

Use of social media, emails and text messages may adversely impact our reputation, subject us to fines or other penalties or be an ineffective source to market our offerings; 

We depend on our information technology systems, and those of our third-party vendors, contractors and consultants, and any failure or significant disruptions of these systems, security breaches or loss of data could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; 

Government regulation of the internet and e-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these laws and regulations could substantially harm our business and results of operations; 

Our business relies on email, mail and other messaging channels and any technical, legal or other restrictions on the sending of such correspondence or a decrease in consumer willingness to receive such correspondence could adversely affect our business; 

We face the risk of litigation resulting from unauthorized text messages sent in violation of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act; 

5 
 
 Actual or perceived failures to comply with applicable data protection, privacy and security, advertising and consumer protection laws, regulations, standards and other requirements could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; 

Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited; 

Our recent reduction in force undertaken to re-balance our investments and cost structure into prioritized areas that we believe will drive incremental long-term growth and improve margins may not achieve our intended outcome; 

We rely on the performance of members of management and highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, develop, motivate and retain well-qualified employees, our business could be harmed; 

We may seek to grow our business through acquisitions of, or investments in, new or complementary businesses, technologies or products, or through strategic alliances, and the failure to manage these acquisitions, investments or alliances, or to integrate them with our existing business, could have a material adverse effect on us; 

Restrictions in our debt arrangements could adversely affect our operating flexibility, and failure to comply with any of these restrictions could result in acceleration of our debt; 

Our business depends on network and mobile infrastructure and our ability to maintain and scale our technology. Any significant interruptions or delays in service on our apps or websites or any undetected errors or design faults could result in limited capacity, reduced demand, processing delays and loss of consumers; 

We depend on our relationships with third parties and would be adversely impacted by system failures or other disruptions in the operations of these parties; 

Changes in consumer sentiment or laws, rules or regulations regarding the use of cookies and other tracking technologies and other privacy matters could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenues and could adversely affect our ability to collect proprietary data on consumer behavior; 

We are subject to a series of risks related to climate change; 

The increasing focus on environmental, social and governance initiatives could increase our costs, harm our reputation and adversely impact our financial results; 

Risks related to our intellectual property could materially adversely impact our business, competitive position, financial condition, and results of operations; 

Risks related to the healthcare industry could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 

Risks related to our organizational structure, including agreements and relationships with significant stockholders, could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations; 

We are, and may become in the future, subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in or outside the ordinary course of business, which may require significant management time and attention, result in significant legal expenses and may result in unfavorable outcomes, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition, and negatively affect the price of our Class A common stock; and 

We may be unable to accurately forecast revenue and appropriately plan our expenses in the future. 

6 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Bu siness. 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to help Americans get the healthcare they need at a price they can afford. To achieve this, we are building the leading, consumer-focused digital healthcare platform in the United States. 
 GoodRx was founded to solve the challenges that consumers face in understanding, accessing, and affording healthcare. We started with a price comparison tool for prescriptions, offering consumers free access to lower prices on their medication. This price comparison platform processes over 260 billion pricing data points every day and integrates that data into a user-friendly interface which provides consumers with curated, geographically relevant prescription pricing, and access to negotiated prices through GoodRx codes that can be used to save money on prescriptions across the United States. 
 Today, we believe our expanded platform improves the health and financial well-being of American families by providing easy access to price transparency and affordability solutions for generic and brand medications both for consumers and healthcare providers, affordable and convenient medical provider consultations and lab tests and other healthcare and wellness related content. We believe that our offerings provide significant savings to consumers, and can help drive greater medication awareness, access and adherence, faster treatment and better patient outcomes that also benefit the broader healthcare ecosystem and its stakeholders. 
 We see exciting growth potential as we continue to attract new consumers through our existing offerings, launch new offerings to address more of the needs of healthcare consumers, and improve healthcare affordability and access for all Americans. As we extend our platform, we believe that we can create multiple monetization opportunities at different stages of the consumer healthcare journey, enabling us to drive higher expected consumer lifetime value without significant additional consumer acquisition costs. 
 Industry Challenges 
 Despite the approximately 4.0 trillion U.S. healthcare market being one of the largest sectors of the U.S. economy, it remains opaque and highly fragmented for consumers. Even simple healthcare transactions, such as finding a doctor or filling a prescription at an affordable price, are often difficult. This can lead to confusion, inefficiency and unneeded additional costs for consumers and the healthcare system. The pharmacy is the de-facto front door to American healthcare, with frequent consumer interaction and engagement. However, finding affordable prices for prescriptions is complicated by a lack of price transparency, a confusing reimbursement and insurance landscape and a fragmented marketplace in which the list prices for the same medication can vary significantly across pharmacies. We believe that these challenges are driven in part by a lack of solutions that enable consumers to easily search, discover and access the product or service that they need at an affordable price. Consumer-focused technology solutions are essential in healthcare given that the stakes involve peoples health and lives. 
 Our Market Opportunity 
 A paradigm shift is occurring in healthcare as consumers are both increasingly informed and cost-conscious. We believe that allowing people to transact using more information than ever before will help Americans consume healthcare more efficiently. This can be accomplished by providing a healthcare platform that allows consumers to search a broad range of choices and offerings, discover what is best for them, transact based on their preferences, and receive the best price while doing so. 
 7 
 
 We believe this market opportunity is substantial and estimate the total addressable market TAM for our current solutions to be approximately 800.0 billion. This includes a 524.0 billion prescription opportunity, inclusive of prescriptions that are written but not filled, a 30.0 billion pharma manufacturer solutions opportunity and a 250.0 billion telehealth opportunity. 
 Prescription Opportunity 
 We started our business with a focus on the U.S. prescriptions market. The vast majority of the utilization of our platform relates to generic medications. We also enable consumers to save on brand medications. We believe that the prices available through our platform are highly competitive, for both insured and uninsured consumers, and our platform enables consumers to save on prescription medications regardless of whether the consumer is insured or not. We believe we can drive significant growth in our prescription opportunity through our ability to continue to provide attractive prescription pricing to consumers. 
 Pharma Manufacturer Solutions Opportunity 
 Brand medications tend to be expensive, and insurance coverage is complicated and may be restrictive. Pharma manufacturers provide affordability solutions, such as co-pay cards, patient assistance programs and other savings options, so that consumers can access their medications. We partner with pharma manufacturers to advertise and integrate these affordability solutions into our platform. We believe this offering can deliver incremental margin as we deploy these solutions across our existing base of consumers and visitors, introduce new solutions, and increase the number of brands and manufacturers with which we work. 
 Telehealth Opportunity 
 Our telehealth offering can provide consumers with a convenient and affordable way to receive a diagnosis and a prescription online, when medically appropriate, and we believe our telehealth offering will continue to enhance the accessibility to our prescription and subscription offerings for these consumers; see below for information regarding our subscription offerings. Consumers may opt in to use our prescription transactions offering, our subscription offerings, or our mail delivery service after completing their telehealth visit in order to fill their prescriptions. 
 Our Value Proposition 
 We positively impact many key stakeholders in the healthcare ecosystem. We believe that consumers, healthcare providers, PBMs, pharmacies and pharma manufacturers all win with GoodRx. This, in turn, can drive beneficial and self-reinforcing network effects. 
 Our value proposition by stakeholder is described below: 
 Consumers: Our platform provides consumers with a variety of mobile-first offerings designed to make their access to healthcare simple and more affordable. We help people fill prescriptions that they may otherwise not have filled due to cost, and enable them to access treatments through telehealth that they may otherwise have delayed due to long wait times for in-person visits. These solutions increase medication adherence, reduce strain on hospital emergency departments and physicians, and improve health outcomes. 

o Our prescription transactions offering provides curated, geographically relevant price comparisons and negotiated prices on prescriptions that generate substantial savings to our consumers. Our negotiated prices for prescriptions are often cheaper than insurance co-pays. Access to discounted prices is free for consumers through our platform. 

o Our pharma manufacturer solutions offering provides advertising and integrated consumer affordability solutions to pharma manufacturers with the goal of improving access to and affordability of brand medications for consumers. 

o Our subscription offerings provide consumers and their families with access to even lower prescription prices on select medications in select pharmacies for a monthly or annual subscription fee. Gold also provides mail delivery and discounted access to our GoodRx Care service for no additional subscription cost. 

o Our telehealth offering provides access to online doctor visits and lab test providers. 

o Our platform provides educational resources to help inform consumers about their healthcare. We provide consumers with expert medication information, as well as pricing and coverage information made possible 

8 
 
 through our robust data sources and staff of experienced researchers. We launched GoodRx Health in 2021 to make it easier for consumers to find the healthcare answers they need. 

Healthcare Professionals: Physicians and other healthcare professionals are motivated to help patients, and, increasingly, are judged by patient outcomes. We help these healthcare professionals improve patient outcomes by encouraging medication adherence and providing a consumer-friendly service. In addition, our enhanced Provider Mode released in 2022, as part of our GoodRx for Providers platform initially launched in 2021, provides healthcare providers with a more customized experience and tools to support patients throughout their healthcare journey. Further, we are able to integrate our pricing information and GoodRx codes directly into Electronic Health Record EHR systems, enabling healthcare professionals to provide prices from our platform directly to their patients at the point of prescribing, including via EHR-sent text messages and emails. We help physicians engage with patients more efficiently both directly through our telehealth offering and through our prescription transactions offering and subscription offerings. 

Healthcare Companies: PBMs, pharmacies and pharma manufacturers use our platform to reach and provide affordability solutions to consumers. We play a valuable role within the healthcare ecosystem by aggregating, normalizing, and presenting information from all of these constituents on a single platform for the consumer. Through the deep relationships that we have developed with these stakeholders over many years, we are able to continually improve our offerings and achieve better pricing outcomes for consumers. 

o Pharmacy Benefit Managers: PBMs aggregate consumer demand to negotiate prescription medication prices with pharmacies and manufacturers. PBMs aggregate most of their demand through relationships with insurance companies and employers. However, nearly all PBMs also have consumer direct or cash network pricing that they negotiate with pharmacies for consumers who choose to purchase prescriptions outside of insurance. We provide a platform through which PBMs can drive incremental volume to these networks by offering their discounted prices to our consumers. We expand the market for PBMs by increasing their cash network transaction volumes and by adding new consumers to the overall prescriptions market, many of whom, both insured and uninsured, would otherwise not fill their prescriptions because of high deductibles or prices. For many of our PBM partners, we are their only significant direct-to-consumer channel. To date, no PBM has terminated a relationship with GoodRx, Inc., which highlights the strength of our relationships alongside the value we deliver. 

o Pharmacies: With GoodRx, pharmacies can reduce walk away patients and prescriptions abandoned at the counter due to high cost, and can also increase overall sales through additional foot-traffic. We work closely with pharmacies to ensure that pharmacists are educated on how to use our apps and websites, and know how to apply GoodRx codes at the point of sale. Consumers can use GoodRx at nearly every retail pharmacy in the United States. 

o Pharma Manufacturers: Brand medications tend to be more expensive than generics, and insurance coverage is complicated. GoodRx works with pharma manufacturers to advertise, integrate and enhance consumer awareness, access and uptake of their various savings solutions for brand medications, increasing the likelihood that a consumer will start or continue to take their prescribed medication. 

Our Offerings 
 Prescription Transactions Offering 
 We have built a vast network of relationships, contracts and integrations with key stakeholders in the healthcare industry. Our proprietary technology enables us to aggregate prescription pricing data points from sources spanning the healthcare industry. We structure and normalize the presentation of the data to give consumers curated, geographically relevant pricing information that is accessible through our apps or websites for free. By normalize, we refer to a process of taking the various different pricing methodologies and medication lists from each of our sources, and homogenizing the presentation of this data so that prices are directly comparable. Consumers can choose the lowest price from a selection of nearby pharmacies, save a GoodRx code to their mobile device for free and present that code at their pharmacy to access that low price. 
 9 
 
 Once a consumer has used a GoodRx code from our platform to purchase a prescription, that code is recorded in the pharmacy s database and the consumer is not required to present their GoodRx code again for subsequent prescription refills, or, in many cases, for additional prescriptions that the consumer purchases at that pharmacy. We earn revenue upon the initial usage of the GoodRx code when the consumer realizes savings compared to the list price at the pharmacy, and we continue to earn revenue when the consumer returns to the pharmacy for refills and new prescriptions. This results in high and increasing repeat activity, which refers to the second and later use of our discounted prices by a single GoodRx consumer, on our platform. We track prices and update our database on a daily basis, which helps ensure that consumers have access to accurate prescription pricing. 
 Our pricing sources span the healthcare industry and include PBMs, pharmacies, pharma manufacturers, patient assistance programs, and others, making it difficult to replicate the data we possess and share with consumers. We believe it is important to work with as many of the key stakeholders of the healthcare industry as possible in order to increase the affordability options for our consumers. Our broad set of long-term relationships across the industry, combined with our proprietary platform, allows us to present highly competitive prices to consumers. 
 PBMs are the most common source of pricing information. Our proprietary technology enables us to combine prices from multiple PBMs and other industry sources and display it on a single consumer interface. We believe that we maintain the largest database of aggregated pricing information across PBMs in the United States. When a transaction occurs in which one of our consumers fills a prescription and saves compared to the list price using a GoodRx code, the PBM receives a portion of the price that the consumer paid. We receive a percentage of this amount or a fixed payment from the PBM as compensation for directing the consumer to that PBM s pricing and the pharmacy. 
 As we help more consumers save money on their medications and drive additional traffic through various PBMs, we increase our scale, which over time leads to lower prices for our consumers. We have steadily increased the number of PBMs with which we work over time. To date, no PBM has terminated a relationship with GoodRx, Inc. Even if a contract with a PBM were to be terminated, many of our contracts require the PBM to continue to pay us for activity by consumers originally directed to their pricing by us, even subsequent to the contract termination. The ongoing payment obligation can continue for so long as the underlying PBM-specific pricing is used, or for certain partners, for a specified multi-year period, depending on the terms of our contract with the PBM. Throughout our history, we have been able to help our consumers realize increased savings. PBM mix and relative share on our platform has varied over time as we have added new PBMs and as certain PBMs have delivered more or less favorable pricing relative to other PBMs. Even as the mix has changed, we have continued to grow and deliver a strong value proposition to our consumers. We believe that our sources of pricing are sufficiently broad and robust that the loss of any one PBM or other healthcare partner would generally result in minimal disruption in our ability to provide competitive discounts and pricing. Although the majority of our pricing information comes from PBMs, we also collect pricing data points from other sources in order to help save our consumers as much money as possible. In 2022, we began to enter into selective direct contractual agreements with pharmacies to complement the existing contractual agreements with our PBMs. We believe our hybrid approach will help us build stronger lines of communication and stronger relationships with our retailers. 
 Pharma Manufacturer Solutions Offering 
 Brand medications tend to be expensive, and insurance coverage is complicated and may be restrictive. As a result, many consumers are not able to access or afford these medications. 
 Pharma manufacturers provide affordability solutions such as co-pay cards, patient assistance programs, care portals and other savings options so that consumers can access their medications. We partner with pharma manufacturers to advertise and integrate these affordability solutions into our platform. For example, a consumer searching for a brand medication on our platform can select their insurance status and related criteria so that we can automatically determine their eligibility for specific manufacturer savings solutions, and route them to the best option. 
 In addition, the patient can sign up for ongoing savings alerts related to that medication. We believe our trusted brand, large volume of high intent consumers and easy-to-use interface make our platform highly attractive to pharma manufacturers. These solutions generally increase medication awareness, access and adherence and can lead to faster treatment and better patient outcomes. For example, our acquisition of vitaCare Prescription Services, Inc. vitaCare in 2022 provides a pharmacy services solution that helps patients understand their coverage and identify available savings opportunities, and facilitates communication with their healthcare provider. 
 Our pharma manufacturer solutions offering delivers a product that both increases overall consumer satisfaction and drives incremental consumer lifetime value at a low incremental cost to us. 
 We expect to continue to grow this offering through further engagement with pharma manufacturers. We believe this offering can deliver incremental margin as we deploy these solutions across our existing base of consumers and visitors. 
 10 
 
 Subscription Offerings 
 Our subscription offerings are natural extensions of our prescription transactions offering. We leverage our relationships across the healthcare ecosystem and our product expertise to provide subscribers with even greater savings and convenience at select pharmacies. We launched our first subscription offering, Gold, in 2017, and added a second offering, Kroger Savings, in 2018. 
 Gold: We offer a subscription savings program whereby subscribers generally pay a monthly or annual fee for access to even lower prices in select participating pharmacies amongst other benefits, including a mail delivery feature as well as access to discounted telehealth services. 

Kroger Savings: We partner with Kroger, one of the largest retail pharmacies in the United States, to offer a tailored subscription product to Kroger consumers for an annual fee, a portion of which we share with Kroger. Subscribers access lower prescription prices at Kroger pharmacies. We manage key aspects of the program, including subscriber registration, consumer billing, transaction processing and marketing services under an agreement that allows subscriber enrollment through July 1, 2023 in order to continue to fully serve enrolled consumers through the expected sunset of the program in July 2024. 

Our subscription offerings are designed to be easy to use and provide subscribers with added benefits and features, such as refill reminders, price alerts and other notifications. 
 Telehealth Offering 
 Through our GoodRx Care platform, we offer access to telehealth visits to provide consumers with quick, easy and affordable access to healthcare which are offered to patients on a cash-pay basis outside of insurance. Through GoodRx Care, we provide consumers with access to a convenient and affordable way to receive a diagnosis and a prescription online, when medically appropriate. Once they complete their online visit, consumers are able to choose to fill their prescriptions, should they receive one, at retail locations using a GoodRx code, via mail delivery through a third-party partner free of charge through Gold or by paying a small service fee. We believe our telehealth offering will continue to enhance the accessibility of our prescription and subscription offerings for consumers. 
 Sales Marketing 
 Consumers come to our platform organically and also through our sales and marketing initiatives. The GoodRx brand benefits from word-of-mouth recommendations to consumers from friends, healthcare professionals and pharmacists, as well as press coverage, which drives significant unpaid traffic to our apps and websites. 
 In addition to organic consumer acquisition, our sales and marketing efforts are designed to bring new consumers onto our platform for the first time and to re-engage existing consumers. We acquire new consumers through a variety of channels, including: (i) direct to consumer marketing which includes TV, paid search or other digital campaigns; (ii) marketing through healthcare partnerships which includes marketing materials in physician offices, integrating pricing from our platform into electronic health record providers, or EHRs, prescribing workflows so that healthcare professionals can provide prices from our platform to their patients at the point of prescribing; (iii) marketing through partnerships with other affiliates to distribute our discounts and solutions to a broader target audience outside of the healthcare ecosystem; (iv) offer incentives to certain consumers (who are not our customers) that further reduce discounted prices offered on our platform for a limited time and on a limited number of prescription drugs to attract new and re-engage existing consumers; and (v) through content creation which increases traffic to the GoodRx apps and websites such as from GoodRx Health and HealthiNation Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary, which provides visitors with thousands of articles with research-backed answers to health questions and provides us with more opportunities to convert visitors to active consumers. 
 We believe that we still have significant opportunities to improve our unaided awareness, to build our brand, as well as to scale existing marketing channels, and unlock new ones. 
 We also deploy a variety of consumer retention tools on our platform, such as savings information retained in pharmacy database so consumers do not have to re-present GoodRx codes, providing alerts and refill reminders to consumers and 
 11 
 
 links to our other offerings to improve consumer's overall experience using our platform, and strong consumer support and patient advocacy services to help consumers understand how best to afford their medication. 
 Our Technology 
 The key elements of our technology include: 
 Proprietary Pricing Engine: Our price ingestion technology enables us to link with multiple sources spanning the healthcare industry. In addition, we have proprietary patented technology related to collecting and normalizing prices from multiple PBMs and presenting them using a single consumer interface. 

Constant Data Refresh: Displaying our prescription- and location-specific list of prices to each consumer in near real-time requires the rapid processing of a significant amount of data, the use of complex predictive models, and sophisticated software programming and design. 

Living Database: Our dataset becomes more comprehensive and accurate with every prescription filled. We use our proprietary algorithms to create actionable insights and continuously improve our consumer experience. Our database is central to the value that we provide to our consumers through accurate pricing and improved recommendations. We refer to our data as living, meaning that it is dynamic and continually being updated or refined. 

Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning: Our engine is also able to learn from and react to changes in prescribing habits or to ensure that consumers are selecting the accurate dosing or form of a given medication. For example, our engine will automatically show the most common dose of a given medication. We also take into account pharmacy-level dispensing patterns that may impact the price of a medication, such as when two pharmacy locations that are part of the same pharmacy chain dispense the same medication, but source the medication from different manufacturers. 

Scalable: Our digital platform is cloud native, scalable and reliable. We leverage major third-party cloud and data service providers and have built a modular system of services on top of this infrastructure. 

Secure: Trust is critical to our relationship with both our consumers and our partners and we take security and privacy very seriously. We implement security procedures and policies informed by various industry-standard frameworks. Our operations are audited annually as part of a SOC2 audit, based on principles developed by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and we have obtained SOC2 certification with respect to our prescription transactions offering and subscription offerings. In addition, our security is tested through our bug-bounty program. We continue to expand our team and solutions to address emerging risks and changes in the threat landscape. 

Our Growth Strategy 
 The key elements of our growth strategy include: 
 Continue to Attract New Consumers: We believe that we have a significant opportunity to serve all Americans. By growing awareness of our existing offerings and through the extension of our platform into many of the other areas of healthcare that lack price transparency and consumer empowerment, we believe that we can address an increasingly larger portion of the healthcare market in the United States and fill more gaps across the healthcare journey for our consumers. 

Continue to Facilitate Existing GoodRx Consumers Adoption of Multiple GoodRx Offerings: We aim to increase the number of our monetization channels used by our existing consumers. We believe that this will result in higher consumer satisfaction and be accretive to our consumer lifetime value and to our margins in the medium to long term, without significant additional consumer acquisition costs. 

Continue to Build the GoodRx Brand: We believe that there are significant opportunities to increase awareness and educate healthcare consumers regarding prescription pricing, as well as our platform and solutions. As we continue to build our brand, we anticipate that many of the consumers who do not fully understand prescription pricing, or that are not aware of tools such as our platform, will begin using our platform. 

Invest in Product Offerings: We plan to continue to invest in and scale our range of product offerings to better address the needs of consumers, provide them with better pricing, and improve their overall healthcare journey. We have a multi-prong approach for this strategy which includes: 

o Pharma Manufacturer Solutions Offering: We believe our trusted brand, large volume of high intent consumers and easy-to-use consumer experience make our offering highly attractive to pharma manufacturers. The solutions offered by pharma manufacturers on our platform can increase the likelihood that consumers will start to take or continue to take their prescribed medication. We plan to continue to expand the number of 

12 
 
 pharma manufacturers with which we work, increase brand penetration, and increase the number of solutions each of them uses, as well as enhance our existing offerings and introduce new integrated technology solutions that will allow manufacturers to interact with our consumer base more effectively. 

o Subscription Offerings: We believe our subscription offerings, and our Gold subscription offering in particular, have higher lifetime value than our prescription transactions offering. We will continue to increase the value proposition for consumers by bundling various existing and new offerings in affordable and consumer-friendly subscription packages. 

o Telehealth Offering: We believe our telehealth offering contributes to the growth of our other offerings, including our prescription transactions offering and Gold. We see telehealth as an opportunity to add another key consumer entry point into our platform and create an excellent user experience. 

Future Expansion Opportunities: We believe there are many other areas of healthcare that could benefit from the transparency and accessibility provided by our platform. While we are currently focused on scaling our existing offerings, we see attractive opportunities to deploy our expertise in markets such as clinical trials, insurance marketplaces, in person doctor visits and prescription delivery, differentiated features and services for healthcare providers such as our enhanced Provider Mode released in 2022, as part of our GoodRx for Providers platform initially launched in 2021, that provides healthcare providers with a more customized experience and tools to support patients throughout their healthcare journey, among others. As we continue to grow our brand awareness and consumer base, selling additional products and services into our large acquired base will drive an attractive incremental margin opportunity. 

Pursue Strategic Partnerships and Acquisitions: We are a valuable partner to a variety of healthcare constituents. We have completed several acquisitions and entered into a number of strategic agreements over the last three years. For example, in 2022, we acquired vitaCare, which supplements and expands our pharma manufacturer solutions offering while helping to improve patients' awareness, access and adherence to affordable medication, and flipMD, Inc., which helps expand both our engagement with healthcare providers and pharma manufacturers. In addition, in 2022, we launched our collaboration with Express Scripts where eligible Express Scripts members will automatically be able to access GoodRx prices as part of their pharmacy benefit and we also began to enter into selective direct contractual agreements with pharmacies to complement the existing contractual agreements with our PBMs. As part of our business strategy, we will continue to pursue strategic opportunities, including commercial relationships and acquisitions, to strengthen our market position and enhance our capabilities. 

Drive Shareholder Value: We are focused on delivering consistent and efficient growth by reprioritizing investments to where they are most needed while delivering to consumers what they have come to expect from GoodRx. For example, in August 2022, we implemented a reduction in force in order to consolidate functions and eliminate or reduce investment in areas of lower focus to align with our strategic goals and drive incremental margin. 

Competition and Industry Participants 
 Although we have built and scaled a differentiated consumer internet platform, we face a variety of types of competition. We believe that our primary barrier to adoption is awareness. Americans have historically not had to be active consumers of healthcare since benefit plans were more generous and open than they are today. Many consumers are not aware that prices for the same prescription vary between pharmacies or that there are competitive cash prices available that may be lower than insurance prices. 
 We principally compete with companies that provide prescription savings and solutions to pharma manufacturers. New entrants may also enter our industry and compete with us. Generally, we believe that we are able to compete effectively against these organizations based on our brand, scale, pricing and consumer experience. Our competitors vary in size and breadth of their offerings. 
 In prescriptions discounts and price comparisons, our competition is fragmented and consists of competitors that are both larger and smaller than us in scale, including large e-commerce companies. 

Our pharma manufacturer solutions offering competes for advertising and market access budget allocation against platforms on which manufacturers can reach consumers, including health-related websites and mobile apps, and services supporting patient access. We believe that our trusted brand and our platform allows us to engage patients about the cost of their brand medications. 

There is currently significant concentration in the U.S. healthcare industry, and in particular there are a limited number of PBMs, including pharmacies in-house PBMs, and a limited number of national pharmacy chains. If we are unable to retain favorable contractual arrangements with our PBMs, including any successor PBMs should there be further consolidation of 
 13 
 
 PBMs, we may lose them as customers, or the negotiated rates provided by such PBMs may become less competitive, which could have an adverse impact on our platform. 
 A limited number of PBMs generate a significant percentage of the discounted prices that we present through our platform and, as a result, we generate a significant portion of our revenue from contracts with a limited number of PBMs. We work with more than a dozen PBMs that maintain cash networks and prices, and the number of PBMs we work with has significantly increased over time, limiting the extent to which any one PBM contributes to our overall revenue; however, we may not expand beyond our existing PBM partners and the number of our PBM partners may even decline. For additional information, see We rely on a limited number of industry participants. in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our products and technology platform, defend and enforce our intellectual property rights, preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets, and operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating valid and enforceable intellectual property rights of others. We protect our intellectual property, including our brand, through a combination of trademarks, patents, trade secrets, contractual provisions that restrict partners from infringing on our intellectual property, intellectual property assignment agreements, licensing agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, and employee non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Though we rely in part upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that factors such as our position as the largest healthcare-focused internet platform for prescription prices and discounts, our scale and the network effects enabled by these factors, as well as the skills and ingenuity of our employees and the functionality and frequent enhancements to our platform are larger contributors to our success. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned four issued patents and three pending patent applications in the United States. One issued patent relates to our ability to combine prices from multiple PBMs together in a single consumer interface. Our issued patents begin expiring in 2034, excluding any patent term adjustment. As of December 31, 2022, we held thirteen registered trademarks in the United States, including trademarks for our brand, GoodRx, and for the use of the color yellow in the prescription discounts space. Additionally, we had two trademark applications pending as of December 31, 2022, one of which is for our new company logo. In addition, we have registered domain names for websites that we use in our business, such as www.goodrx.com. 
 We continually review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property and we intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would advance our business objectives. Notwithstanding these efforts, there can be no assurance that we will adequately protect our intellectual property or that it will provide any competitive advantage. For more information regarding risks related to intellectual property, please see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Intellectual Property. 
 Philanthropy 
 Philanthropy is not a separate initiative in our company; helping others is woven throughout everything we do. Throughout our history, we have provided charitable support to communities, individuals, students, clinics and non-profits in furtherance of that goal. We regularly sponsor programs and events that support people in marginalized communities or people who have challenges obtaining access to healthcare. 
 In 2022, our employees worked on several initiatives to help those in underserved communities. We donated approximately 10,000 to educational and other organizations focused on providing healthcare access in Black communities. A number of our employees flew to Florida to help victims of Hurricane Ian and help deliver essential supplies, provide on-the-ground assistance, and offer financial support to those affected by the hurricane. Our employees also volunteered throughout the year at healthcare pop-ups in underserved communities and our leaders sponsored team members as they raised money for breast cancer awareness, the fight against leukemia, and other nonprofits. 
 In addition, through Good To Give, our employee-led donation program, we have supported over 15 nonprofit organizations in 2022 with donations totaling approximately 100,000. Every quarter, our employees nominate and vote for nonprofit organizations and causes they believe in, to which we then make a donation. We have made financial contributions to a broad range of organizations, including those dedicated to helping our most vulnerable communities, addressing important issues like conservation, and improving healthcare access, education, and research. 
 We continue to expand our commitment to equitable healthcare access through the creation of GoodRx Helps, a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt public charity. This nonprofit is funded and supported by our December 2020 donation of 1.1 million shares of our Class A common stock which had an estimated fair value of 41.7 million at the time of funding. GoodRx Helps 
 14 
 
 philanthropic mission is to help underserved communities who are unable to afford their healthcare due to systemic barriers. Since its formation, GoodRx Helps has provided free prescription medications at charitable clinics across the United States, three separate scholarship programs to support the careers of students from underrepresented groups in healthcare, and grants to mission-aligned healthcare clinics and organizations. GoodRx Helps has also hosted multiple community health pop-ups to improve access to essential healthcare services, such as primary care, health screenings, COVID-19 and influenza vaccinations, insurance enrollment assistance, and much more. 
 Our People and Culture 
 Our people are essential to our success. We believe that advocating for and putting people first, leading with empathy, and building trust across our organization are core to our success. We prioritize providing a safe, rewarding and respectful workplace where our people have the opportunities to pursue career paths based on skills, performance and potential. 
 In 2020 and 2021, the Los Angeles Business Journal rated us as one of the Best Places to Work. In 2022, we received eight awards by Comparably, a workplace culture data and ratings service, for Best Company Outlook, Best Company Happiness, Best Company Leadership, Best Company Los Angeles, Best Company Compensation, Best Company Perks Benefits, Best Teams Marketing and Best Teams Engineering. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 954 employees, of which 952 are full-time and 2 are part-time employees. Of our total employees, 300 are based at our headquarters in Santa Monica, California. Our employees are split among the following departments and functions: 254 principally in customer service, 392 in product development and technology, 175 in sales and marketing, and 133 in general and administrative functions. Women make up 50 (425 employees) of our workforce who have chosen to identify their gender. Non-white employees make up 59 (546 employees) of our workforce who have chosen to identify their ethnicity/race. 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion DEI are top of mind, and we strive to build a workforce that can represent the clients, customers and partners that we serve everyday. DEI considerations touch all facets of our employee lifecycle, from onboarding to experience, performance, tenure and succession planning. In January 2023, we launched 5 Community Resource Groups (CRGs) that advocate for the needs of our members across a diverse range of identities and experiences. The CRGs are expected to have appointed leads, executive sponsors, and subpillar leads for recruiting, company events and community impact. We will be rolling out enhanced training pertaining to performance management, interview and unconscious bias training. Coaching, mentorship, and building community are top of mind to foster psychological safety and collaboration. Additionally, there are a number of key partnerships that we have cultivated externally with to invest in our DEI commitment. 
 In managing our business, we strive to develop and implement policies and programs that support our business goals, maintain competitiveness, promote shared fiscal responsibility among our company and our employees, strategically align talent within our organization and reward performance, while also managing the costs of such policies and programs. Our employees are supported with training and development opportunities to pursue their career paths and to promote compliance with our policies. We adhere to our code of business conduct and ethics (the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ), which sets forth a commitment to our stakeholders, including our employees, to operate with integrity and mutual respect. 
 We have taken and continue to take necessary actions to actively monitor risks related to COVID-19 and proper application of our safety protocol to remain aligned with federal, state, local and international laws, regulations and guidelines. Steps we have taken include our commitment to embrace both hybrid and remote working for our employees as we believe that our business continuity plan and technology platform will continue to support the effectiveness of our employees that work remotely. 
 We also continue to provide robust benefits, including health insurance for employees and dependents, 401(k) match, fertility benefits, paid parental leave and discretionary vacation. We foster a tight-knit corporate culture through company events, team building offsites, happy hours, game and movie nights, and pet-friendly offices. The biggest perk of all is knowing that the work performed has a meaningful impact on our consumers. 
 Government Regulation 
 Data Privacy and Security Laws 
 The data we collect and process is an integral part of our products and services, allowing us to ensure our prices are accurate, surface the most relevant prices and reach and advertise to consumers with savings information. We collect and may use personal information to help run our business (including for analytical and marketing purposes) and to communicate and otherwise reach our consumers. In some instances, we may use third party service providers to assist us in the above. 
 15 
 
 We endeavor to treat our consumers data with respect and maintain consumer trust. We provide consumers options designed to allow them to control the use and disclosure of their data, such as allowing consumers to opt out of any marketing requests, opt out of the use of marketing cookies, pixels and technologies on our platform, and request deletion of their data. 
 Since we receive, use, transmit, disclose and store personally identifiable information, including health-related information, we are subject to numerous state and federal laws and regulations that address privacy, data protection and the collection, storing, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure and protection of certain types of data. Such regulations include the CAN-SPAM Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act, certain state data privacy and security laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act; the violation of any such laws and regulations could result in legal remedies that could materially impact our business or financial performance. 
 Our respect for laws and regulations regarding the collection and processing of personal data underlies our strategy to improve our customer experience and build trust. To read more about our approach to privacy laws and the regulations, please see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Actual or perceived failures to comply with applicable data protection, privacy and security, advertising and consumer protection laws, regulations, standards and other requirements could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 State Licensing Requirements 
 Certain states have enacted laws regulating companies that offer and market discount medical plans, including prescription drug plans, subscription membership programs or discount cards, such as our prescription transactions offering, Gold, Kroger Savings, and any other subscription products we may develop in the future, including with respect to our telehealth offering. These state laws are intended to protect consumers from fraudulent, unfair or deceptive marketing, sales and enrollment practices by such plans. It is possible that other states may enact new requirements or interpret existing requirements to include our programs. In addition, vitaCare is also subject to licensure and certification requirements, including state licensing of pharmacies and pharmacists. Failure to obtain the required licenses, certifications or registrations to offer and market our subscription discount programs and pharmacy services may result in civil penalties, receipt of cease and desist orders, or a restructuring of our operations. 
 State Corporate Practice of Medicine and Fee Splitting Laws 
 With respect to our telehealth platform, GoodRx Care contracts with physician-owned professional entities to deliver our telehealth offering to their patients in the United States principally supported by Wheel Health, Inc.'s Wheel technology and network of clinicians. We enter into management services agreements with these physician-owned professional entities pursuant to which we provide them with billing, scheduling and a wide range of other services, and they pay us for those services. In addition, our telehealth platform enables consumers to opt in to use our prescription transactions offering and/or fill their prescriptions through a third-party mail delivery pharmacy. These relationships are subject to various state laws, which are intended to prevent unlicensed persons from interfering with or influencing the physician s professional judgment, and prohibiting the sharing of professional services income with non-professional or business interests. These laws vary from state to state and are subject to broad interpretation and enforcement by state regulators. A determination of non-compliance could lead to adverse judicial or administrative action against us and/or our providers, civil or criminal penalties, receipt of cease and desist orders from state regulators, loss of provider licenses, or a restructuring of our arrangements with our affiliated professional entities. For further information, please see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to the Healthcare Industry Our telehealth offering offered to consumers is subject to laws, rules and policies governing the practice of medicine and medical board oversight. and Risk Factors Risks Related to the Healthcare Industry In our telehealth offering, we are dependent on our relationships with affiliated professional entities, which we do not own and principally supported by our arrangement with Wheel, to provide healthcare services, and our business would be adversely affected if those relationships were disrupted. 
 Healthcare Fraud and Abuse Laws 
 Although the consumers who use our offerings do so outside of any medication or other health benefits covered under their health insurance, including any commercial or government healthcare program, we may nonetheless be subject to a number of federal and state healthcare regulatory laws that restrict business practices in the healthcare industry. These laws include, but are not limited to, federal and state anti-kickback, self-referral, false claims, and other healthcare fraud and abuse laws. For further information, please see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to the Healthcare Industry We may be subject to state and federal fraud and abuse and other healthcare regulatory laws and regulations. If 
 16 
 
 we or our commercial partners act in a manner that violates such laws or otherwise engage in misconduct, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties as well as exclusion from government healthcare programs. 
 Healthcare Reform 
 A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry is cost containment. In the United States, there have been, and likely will continue to be, a number of federal and state legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system directed at containing or lowering the cost of healthcare, including the costs of medication. For further information please see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to the Healthcare Industry The impact of recent healthcare reform legislation and other changes in the healthcare industry and in healthcare spending on us is currently unknown, but may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additional Information 
 GoodRx Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, was incorporated in September 2015. We were initially formed in September 2011 as GoodRx, Inc., a Delaware corporation that is now our indirect subsidiary. We completed our initial public offering IPO of our Class A common stock in September 2020. 
 Our Internet address is www.goodrx.com. At our Investor Relations website, investors.goodrx.com, we make available free of charge a variety of information for investors, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officers and our principal financial officer. A copy of the code is available on our website at www.goodrx.com in the Governance section of the Investors page. In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. 
 17 
 
 Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 
 Our business involves significant risks, some of which are described below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risk and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we deem immaterial may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. The realization of any of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, growth and future prospects as well as our ability to accomplish our strategic objectives. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Limited Operating History and Early Stage of Growth 
 Our limited operating history and our evolving business make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and challenges we may encounter. 
 Our limited operating history and evolving business make it difficult to evaluate and assess the success of our business to date, our future prospects and the risks and challenges that we may encounter. These risks and challenges include our ability to: 
 continue to attract new consumers to our platform and position our platform as an important way to make purchasing decisions for prescription medications and other healthcare products and services; 

retain our consumers and encourage them to continue to utilize our platform when purchasing healthcare products and services; 

attract new and existing consumers to rapidly adopt new offerings on our platform; 

increase the number of consumers that use our subscription offerings or the number of subscription programs that we manage; 

increase and retain our consumers that subscribe to our subscription offerings, such as Gold and Kroger Savings; 

attract and retain industry players for inclusion in our platform, including pharmacies, PBMs, pharma manufacturers and telehealth providers; 

comply with existing and new or amended laws and regulations applicable to our business and in our industry; 

anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes, changes in medication pricing and industry pricing benchmarks and changes in the markets in which we operate, including any impacts of the current economic slowdown; 

react to challenges from existing and new competitors; 

maintain and enhance the value of our reputation and brand; 

effectively manage our growth; 

hire, integrate and retain talented people at all levels of our organization; 

maintain and improve the infrastructure underlying our platform, including our apps and websites, including with respect to data protection and cybersecurity; and 

successfully update our platform, including expanding our platform and offerings into different healthcare products and services, develop and update our apps, features, offerings and services to benefit our consumers and enhance the consumer experience. 

18 
 
 If we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, including those associated with the challenges listed above and those described elsewhere in this Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, because we have limited historical financial data and our business continues to evolve and expand within the U.S. healthcare industry, any predictions about our future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a longer operating history, operated a more predictable business or operated in a less regulated industry. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with limited operating histories and evolving businesses that operate in highly regulated and competitive industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 Our recent growth rates may not be sustainable or indicative of future growth and we expect our growth rate to slow. 
 We experienced significant growth in recent years. Our historical rate of growth may not be sustainable or indicative of our future rate of growth. We believe that our continued growth in revenue, as well as our ability to improve or maintain margins and profitability, will depend upon, among other factors, our ability to address the challenges, risks and difficulties described elsewhere in this Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and the extent to which our various offerings grow, organically and through acquisitions, and contribute to our results of operations. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to successfully manage any such challenges or risks to our future growth. In addition, our base of consumers may not continue to grow or may decline due to a variety of possible risks, including increased competition, changes in the regulatory landscape and the maturation of our business. Any of these factors could cause our revenue growth to decline and may adversely affect our margins and profitability. Failure to continue our revenue growth or improve margins would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should not rely on our historical rate of revenue growth as an indication of our future performance. 
 Our results of operations vary and may fluctuate significantly from period-to-period. 
 Our quarterly and annual results of operations have historically varied from period-to-period and we expect that our results of operations will continue to do so for a variety of reasons, many of which are outside of our control and are difficult to predict. We have presented many of the factors that may cause our results of operations to fluctuate in this Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, including the extent to which our various offerings grow and contribute to our results of operations. In addition, we typically experience stronger consumer demand during the first and fourth quarters of each year, which coincide with generally higher consumer healthcare spending, doctor office visits, annual benefit enrollment season and seasonal cold and flu trends. In addition, we may experience stronger demand for our pharma manufacturer solutions offering during the fourth quarter of each year, which coincides with pharma manufacturers' annual budgetary spending patterns. The grocer issue and the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may have masked these trends in recent periods and may continue to impact these trends in the future. The cumulative effects of such factors could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual results of operations. As a result, comparing our results of operations on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful and investors should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
 This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or results of operations fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any guidance we may provide, or if the guidance we provide is below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our Class A common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated guidance we may provide. 
 We may be unable to manage our future growth effectively, which could make it difficult to execute our business strategy. 
 In recent years, we experienced rapid growth in our business operations and the number of consumers that use our offerings, and we may continue to experience growth in the future. This growth placed, and may in the future place, significant demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. Our ability to manage our growth effectively and to integrate new employees, technologies and acquisitions into our existing business will require us to continue to expand our operational and financial infrastructure and to continue to retain, attract, train, motivate and manage employees. Management of growth is particularly difficult when employees work from home as a result of our hybrid/remote workplace. Continued growth could strain our ability to develop and improve our operational, financial and management controls, enhance our reporting systems and procedures, recruit, train and retain highly skilled personnel and maintain consumer satisfaction. Additionally, if we do not effectively manage the growth of our business and operations, the quality 
 19 
 
 of our platform and offerings could suffer, which could negatively affect our reputation and brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We may be unsuccessful in achieving broad market education and changing consumer purchasing habits. 
 Our success and future growth largely depend on our ability to increase consumer awareness of our platform and offerings, and on the willingness of consumers to utilize our platform to access information, discounted prices for prescription medications and other healthcare products and services, including telehealth services. We believe the vast majority of consumers make purchasing decisions for healthcare products and services on the basis of traditional factors, such as insurance coverage, availability at nearby pharmacies and availability of nearby medical testing. This traditional decision-making process does not always account for restrictive and complex insurance plans, high deductibles, expensive co-pays and other factors, such as discounts or savings available at alternative pharmacies or practices. To effectively market our platform, we must educate consumers about the various purchase options and the benefits of using GoodRx codes when purchasing prescription medications and other healthcare products and services. We focus our marketing and education efforts on consumers, but also aim to educate and inform healthcare providers, pharmacists and other participants that interact with consumers, including at the point of purchase. However, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in changing consumer purchasing habits or that we will achieve broad market education or awareness among consumers. Even if we are able to raise awareness among consumers, they may be slow in changing their habits and may be hesitant to use our platform for a variety of reasons, including: 
 lack of experience with our company and platform, and concerns that we are relatively new to the industry; 

perceived health, safety or quality risks associated with the use of a new platform and applications to shop for discounted prices for prescription medications; 

lack of awareness that there is a disparity of pricing for prescription medicines and other medical products and services; 

perception that our platform does not provide adequate discounted prices or only offers savings for a limited selection of prescription medications; 

perception that discounted prices offered through our platform are less competitive than insurance coverage; 

perception regarding acceptance rates of pharmacies for our GoodRx codes available through our platform, such as that occurred in connection with a grocery chain that previously did not accept discounted pricing for a subset of prescription drugs from our PBMs starting late in the first quarter of 2022; 

traditional or existing relationships with pharmacies, pharmacists or other providers that sell healthcare products and services; 

concerns about the privacy and security of the data that consumers share with or through our platform; 

competition and negative selling efforts from competitors, including competing platforms and price matching programs; and 

perception regarding the time and complexity of using our platform or using and applying our GoodRx codes available through our platform at the point of purchase. 

If we fail to achieve broad market education of our platform and/or the options for purchasing healthcare products and services, or if we are unsuccessful in changing consumer purchasing habits, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 We may be unable to continue to attract, acquire and retain consumers, or may fail to do so in a cost-effective manner. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to cost-effectively attract and acquire new consumers, retain our existing consumers and encourage our consumers to continue to utilize our platform when making purchasing decisions for prescription medications and other healthcare products and services. To expand our base of consumers, we must appeal to consumers who have historically used traditional outlets for their healthcare products and services, and who may be unaware of the possibility or benefits of using discounted prices to purchase healthcare products and services outside of insurance programs. We have made significant investments related to consumer acquisition and expect to continue to spend significant amounts to acquire additional customers. We cannot assure you that this spending will be effective or that revenue from new consumers that we acquire will ultimately exceed the cost of acquiring those consumers. Alternatively, 
 20 
 
 we have and may continue to focus on the efficiency of our spending on customer acquisition related strategies, which may impact our ability to acquire or retain consumers. If we fail to deliver reliable and significant discounted prices for prescription medications, we may be unable to acquire or retain consumers. If we are unable to acquire or retain consumers who use our platform in volumes and with recurrence sufficient to grow our business, we may be unable to maintain the scale necessary for operational efficiency and to drive beneficial and self-reinforcing network effects across the broader healthcare ecosystem, including pharmacies, PBMs and pharma manufacturers. Consequently, we may not be able to present the same quality or range of solutions on our platform or otherwise, which may adversely impact consumer interest in our platform, in which case our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 We believe that our paid and non-paid marketing initiatives have been critical in promoting consumer awareness of our platform and offerings, which in turn has driven new consumer growth and increased the extent to which existing consumers have used our platform. Our paid marketing initiatives include television, search engine marketing, mail to consumers and healthcare provider offices, email, display, radio and magazine advertising and social media marketing as well as consumer discounts and incentives. For example, we actively market our platform and offerings through television and we rely on direct mail to distribute marketing materials to consumers. If we are unable to cost-effectively market to consumers, or if we elect to reduce our spending to drive traffic to our apps and websites, our ability to acquire new consumers and our financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. We also buy search advertising primarily through search engines such as Google and Bing, and use internal analytics and external vendors for bid optimization and channel strategy. Our non-paid advertising efforts include search engine optimization, non-paid social media and e-mail marketing. Search engines frequently modify their search algorithms and these changes can cause our websites to receive less favorable placements, which could reduce the number of consumers who visit our websites. The costs associated with advertising through search engines can also vary significantly from period to period, and have generally increased over time. We may be unable to modify our strategies in response to any future search algorithm changes made by the search engines, which could require a change in the strategy we use to generate consumer traffic to our websites. In addition, our websites must comply with search engine guidelines and policies, which are complex and may change at any time. If we fail to follow such guidelines and policies properly, search engines may rank our content lower in search results or could remove our content altogether from their indices. Although consumer traffic to our apps is not reliant on search results, growth in mobile device usage may not decrease our overall reliance on search results if consumers use our mobile websites rather than our apps or use search to initially find our apps. In fact, growth in mobile device usage may exacerbate the risks associated with how and where our websites are displayed in search results because mobile device screens are smaller than desktop computer screens and therefore display fewer search results. 
 In addition, we actively encourage new and existing consumers to use our apps to access our platform. We believe that our apps help to facilitate increased consumer retention and that consumers that access our platform through our apps are more likely to utilize GoodRx codes at the final point of purchase. While we have invested and will continue to invest in the development of our apps to improve consumer utilization, there can be no assurance that our efforts to drive adoption and use of our apps will be effective. 
 To remain competitive and encourage the use of our platform, we have in the past offered and may continue to offer incentives to certain consumers that further reduce discounted prices offered on our platform for a limited time and on a limited number of prescription drugs. We cannot assure that offering such incentives will be successful in attracting new and recurring consumers and to maintain competitive discounted prices in the future. If we are unable to successfully manage these incentives, our financial performance may be adversely impacted. 
 Our consumer education, acquisition and retention initiatives can be expensive and may be ineffective in driving consumer education or interest in our platform. Further, if new or existing consumers do not perceive that the discounted prices presented through our platform are reliable or meaningful, or if we fail to offer new and relevant offerings and application features, we may not be able to attract or retain consumers or increase the extent to which they use our platform and applications for other or future purchases. If we fail to continue to grow our base of consumers, retain existing consumers or increase consumer engagement, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 We rely significantly on our prescription transactions offering and may not be successful in expanding our offerings within our markets, particularly the U.S. prescriptions market, or to other segments of the healthcare industry. 
 To date, the vast majority of our revenue has been derived from our prescription transactions offering. When a consumer uses a GoodRx code to fill a prescription and saves money compared to the list price at that pharmacy, we receive fees from our partners, primarily PBMs. Revenue from our prescription transactions offering represented 72 , 80 and 89 of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Substantially all of this revenue was generated from consumer transactions at brick and mortar pharmacies. The introduction of competing offerings with lower prices for consumers, fluctuations in prescription prices, changes in consumer purchasing habits, including an increase in the use of mail delivery prescriptions, changes in the regulatory landscape, and other factors could result in changes to our 
 21 
 
 contracts or a decline in our total revenue, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Because we derive a vast majority of our revenue from our prescription transactions offering, any material decline in the use of such offering or in the fees we receive from our partners in connection with such offering would have a pronounced impact on our future revenue and results of operations, particularly if we are unable to expand our offerings overall. 
 We seek to expand our offerings within the prescriptions market and the pharma manufacturer solutions market in the United States. We are actively investing in these growth areas. However, expanding our offerings and entering into new markets requires substantial additional resources, and our ability to succeed is not certain. During and following periods of active investment, we may experience a decrease in profitability or margins, particularly if the area of investment generates lower margins than our other offerings. As we expand our offerings, we will need to take additional steps, such as hiring additional personnel, partnering with new third parties and incurring considerable research and development expenses, in order to pursue such an expansion successfully. Any such expansion would be subject to additional uncertainties and would likely be subject to additional laws and regulations. As a result, we may not be successful in future efforts to expand into or achieve profitability from new markets, new business models or strategies or new offering types, and our ability to generate revenue from our current offerings and continue our existing business may be negatively affected. If any such expansion does not enhance our ability to maintain or grow revenue or recover any associated development costs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our business is subject to changes in medication pricing and is significantly impacted by pricing structures negotiated by industry participants. 
 Our platform aggregates and analyzes pricing data from a number of different sources. The discounted prices that we present through our platform are based in large part upon pricing structures negotiated by industry participants. We do not control the pricing strategies of pharma manufacturers, wholesalers, PBMs and pharmacies, each of which is motivated by independent considerations and drivers that are outside our control and has the ability to set or significantly impact market prices for different prescription medications. While we have contractual and non-contractual relationships with certain industry participants, such as pharmacies, PBMs and pharma manufacturers, these and other industry participants often negotiate complex and multi-party pricing structures, and we have no control over these participants and the policies and strategies that they implement in negotiating these pricing structures. For example, a grocery chain took actions late in the first quarter of 2022 that impacted acceptance of discounted pricing for a subset of prescription drugs from PBMs, who are our customers, and whose pricing we promote on our platform. This had a material adverse impact on our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and may continue to have a material adverse impact in future periods. 
 Pharma manufacturers generally direct medication pricing by setting medication list prices and offering rebates and discounts for their medications. List prices are impacted by, among other things, market considerations such as the number of competitor medications and availability of alternative treatment options. Wholesalers can impact medication pricing by purchasing medications in bulk from pharma manufacturers and then reselling such medications to pharmacies. PBMs generally impact medication pricing through their bargaining power, negotiated rebates with pharma manufacturers and contracts with different pharmacy providers and health insurance companies. PBMs work with pharmacies to determine the negotiated rate that will be paid at the pharmacy by consumers. Medication pricing is also impacted by health insurance companies and the extent to which a health insurance plan provides for, among other things, covered medications, preferred tiers for different medications and high or low deductibles. A vast majority of the utilization of our platform relates to generic medications. 
 Our ability to present discounted prices through our platform, the value of any such discounts and our ability to generate revenue are directly affected by the pricing structures in place amongst these industry participants, and changes in medication pricing and in the general pricing structures that are in place could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, changes in the negotiated rates of the PBMs on our platform at pharmacies could negatively impact the prices that we present through our platform, and changes in insurance plan coverage for specific medications could reduce demand for and/or our ability to offer competitive discounts for certain medications, any of which could have an adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue and business. In addition, changes in the fee and pricing structures among industry participants, whether due to regulatory requirements, competitive pressures or otherwise, that reduce or adversely impact fees generated by PBMs would have an adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue and business. Due in part to existing pricing structures, we generate a small portion of our revenue through contracts with pharma manufacturers and other intermediaries. Changes in the roles of industry participants and in general pricing structures, as well as price competition among industry participants, could have an adverse impact on our business. For example, integration of PBMs and pharmacy providers could result in pricing structures whereby such entities would have greater pricing power and flexibility or industry players could implement direct to consumer initiatives that could significantly alter existing pricing structures, either of which would have an adverse impact on our ability 
 22 
 
 to present competitive and low prices to consumers and, as a result, the value of our platform for consumers and our results of operations. 
 We generally do not control the categories and types of prescriptions for which we can offer savings or discounted prices. 
 The categories and brands of medications for which we can present discounted prices are largely determined by PBMs. PBMs work with insurance companies, employers and other organizations and enter into contracts with pharmacies to determine negotiated rates. They also negotiate rebates with pharma manufacturers. The terms that different PBMs negotiate with each pharmacy are generally different and result in different negotiated rates available via each PBM s network, all of which is outside our control. Different PBMs prioritize and allocate discounts across different medications, and continuously update these allocations in accordance with their internal strategies and expectations. As we have agreements with PBMs to market their negotiated rates through our platform, our ability to present discounted prices is dependent upon the arrangements that PBMs have negotiated with pharmacies and upon the resulting availability and allocation of discounts for medications subject to these arrangements. In general, industry participants are less likely to allocate or provide discounts or rebates on brand medications that are covered by patents. As a result, the discounted prices that we are able to present for brand medications may not be as competitive as for generic medications. Similar to the total prescription volume in the United States, the vast majority of the utilization of our platform relates to generic medications. 
 Changes in the categories and types of medications for which we can present pricing through our platform could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, demand for our offerings and the use and utility of our platform is impacted by the value of the discounts that we are able to present and the extent to which there is inconsistency in the price of a particular prescription across the market. If pharmacies, PBMs or others do not allocate or otherwise facilitate adequate discounts for these medications, or if there is significant price similarity or competition across PBMs and pharmacies, the perceived value of our platform and the demand for our offerings would decrease and there would be a significant impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on a limited number of industry participants. 
 There is currently significant concentration in the U.S. healthcare industry, and in particular there are a limited number of PBMs, including pharmacies in-house PBMs, and a limited number of national pharmacy chains. If we are unable to retain favorable contractual arrangements with our PBMs, including any successor PBMs should there be further consolidation of PBMs, we may lose them as customers, or the negotiated rates provided by such PBMs may become less competitive, which could have an adverse impact on the discounted prices we present through our platform. 
 A limited number of PBMs generate a significant percentage of the discounted prices that we present through our platform and, as a result, we generate a significant portion of our revenue from contracts with a limited number of PBMs. We work with more than a dozen PBMs that maintain cash networks and prices, and the number of PBMs we work with has significantly increased over time, limiting the extent to which any one PBM contributes to our overall revenue; however, we may not expand beyond our existing PBM partners and the number of our PBM partners may even decline. Revenue from each PBM fluctuates from period to period as the discounts and prices available through our platform change, and different PBMs experience increases and decreases in the volume of transactions processed through their respective networks. Our three largest PBM partners accounted for 31 of our revenue in 2022, 34 of our revenue in 2021, and 42 of our revenue in 2020. In 2022, Express Scripts accounted for more than 10 of revenue. In 2021, Express Scripts and Navitus each accounted for more than 10 of revenue. In 2020, Navitus, MedImpact and Express Scripts each accounted for more than 10 of revenue. The loss of any of these large PBMs may negatively impact the breadth of the pricing that we are able to offer consumers. 
 Most of our PBM contracts provide for monthly payments from PBMs, including our contracts with MedImpact, Navitus, and Express Scripts. Our PBM contracts generally can be divided into two categories: PBM contracts featuring a percentage of fee arrangement, where fees are a percentage of the fees that PBMs charge to pharmacies, and PBM contracts featuring a fixed fee per transaction arrangement. Our percentage of fee contracts often also include a minimum fixed fee per transaction. The majority of our PBM contracts, including our contracts with MedImpact and Navitus, are percentage of fee contracts, and a minority of our contracts, including our PBM contract with Express Scripts, provide for fixed fee per transaction arrangements. Our PBM contracts generally, including our contracts with MedImpact, Navitus, and Express Scripts, have a tiered fee structure based on volume generated in the applicable payment period. Our PBM contracts, including our contracts with MedImpact, Navitus, and Express Scripts, do not contain minimum volume requirements, and thus do not provide for any assurance as to minimum payments to us. Our PBM contracts generally renew automatically, including our contracts with MedImpact and Navitus. In addition, our PBM contracts generally provide for continuing payments to us after such contracts are terminated, including our contracts with MedImpact, Navitus and Express Scripts. Some of our PBM contracts provide for these continuing payments for so long as negotiated rates related to the applicable 
 23 
 
 PBM contract continue to be used after termination, and other contracts provide for these continuing payments for specified multi-year payment periods after termination. Our contracts with MedImpact, Navitus, and Express Scripts provide for periods of five years, three years, and five years, respectively, during which payments will be made as negotiated rates related to the applicable PBM contract continue to be used. Between contract renewals, our contracts generally provide for limited termination rights and do not provide for termination for convenience. 
 In addition, our PBM contracts typically include provisions that prevent PBMs from circumventing our platform, redirecting volumes outside of our platform and other protective measures. For example, our PBM contracts, including our contracts with MedImpact, Navitus, and Express Scripts, contain provisions that limit PBM use of our intellectual property related to our brand and platform and require PBMs to maintain the confidentiality of our data. While we have consistently renewed and extended the term of our contracts with PBMs over time, there can be no assurance that PBMs will enter into future contracts or renew existing contracts with us, or that any future contracts they enter into will be on equally favorable terms. Changes that limit or otherwise negatively impact our ability to receive fees from these partners would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Consolidation of PBMs or the loss of a PBM could negatively impact the discounts and prices that we present through our platform and may result in less competitive discounts and prices on our platform. 
 Our consumers use GoodRx codes at the point of purchase at nearby pharmacies. These codes can be used at over 70,000 pharmacies in the United States. The U.S. prescriptions market is dominated by a limited number of national and regional pharmacy chains, such as CVS, Kroger, Walmart and Walgreens. These pharmacy chains represent a significant portion of overall prescription medication transactions in the United States. Similarly, a significant portion of our discounted prices are used at a limited number of pharmacy chains and, as a result, a significant portion of our revenue is derived from transactions processed at a limited number of pharmacy chains. 
 If one or more of these pharmacy chains terminates its cash network contracts with PBMs that we work with or enters into cash network contracts with PBMs that we work with at less competitive rates, our business may be negatively affected. For example, a grocery chain took actions late in the first quarter of 2022 that impacted acceptance of discounted pricing for a subset of prescription drugs from PBMs, who are our customers, and whose pricing we promote on our platform. This had a material adverse impact on our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and may continue to have a material adverse impact in future periods. Such actions could be exacerbated by further consolidation of PBMs or pharmacy chains. If such changes, individually or in the aggregate, are material, they would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If there is a decline in revenue generated from any of the PBMs we contract with, as a result of consolidation of PBMs or pharmacy chains, pricing competition among industry participants or otherwise, if we are unable to maintain or grow our relationships with PBMs or if we lose one or more of the PBMs we contract with and cannot replace the PBM in a timely manner or at all, there would be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We do not generate a significant percentage of revenue from mail delivery service. To the extent consumer preferences change, including as a result of public health concerns, we may not be able to accommodate sufficient demand for mail delivery service which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We operate in a very competitive industry and we may fail to effectively differentiate our offerings and services from those of our competitors, which could impair our ability to attract and acquire new consumers and retain existing consumers. 
 The U.S. prescriptions market, pharma manufacturer solutions market and telehealth market are highly competitive and subject to ongoing innovation and development. Our ability to remain competitive is dependent upon our ability to appeal to consumers and attract and acquire new consumers to our platform, including through our apps. Our ability to remain competitive is also dependent upon our ability to retain existing consumers and encourage them to continue to use our platform as a tool for purchasing healthcare products and services. We operate in a highly competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to significant market pressures brought about by consumer demands, a limited number of major PBMs, fluctuations in medication pricing, legislative and regulatory activity, significant changes in demand and interest in telehealth and other market factors. 
 We compete with companies that provide savings on prescriptions, as well as companies that offer advertising and market access for pharma manufacturers. Within the prescriptions discounts and price comparison market, our competition is fragmented and consists of competitors that are larger and smaller than us in scale, including large e-commerce companies. There can be no assurance that competitors will not develop and market similar offerings to ours, or that industry participants, such as integrated PBMs and pharmacy providers, will not seek to leverage our platform to drive consumer demand and traffic to their networks and eventually away from, or outside of, our platform. We may face increased competition from those that attempt to replicate our business model or marketing tactics, such as discount websites, e-commerce websites, apps, cash back and loyalty programs and new comparison shopping sites from various industry 
 24 
 
 participants, any of which could impact our ability to attract and retain consumers. Our pharma manufacturer solutions offering competes for advertising and market access budget allocation against traditional direct to consumer and other platforms on which pharmaceutical manufacturers can reach consumers, such as through physicians, health-related apps and websites, television advertisements and services supporting patient access. We also face competition in the telehealth market from a range of companies, including providers of telehealth services that are larger than us, and which usually provide telehealth services on behalf of employers and insurance plans. A competitor s offerings, reputation and marketing strategies can have a substantial impact on its ability to attract and retain consumers, and we may face competition from existing or new market entrants with greater resources and better offerings, pricing, reputations and market strategies, which would have a negative impact on our business. Any such competitor may be better able to respond quickly to new technologies, develop deeper relationships with consumers and industry participants, including pharmacies, PBMs and telehealth providers, or offer more competitive discounts or pricing. While we negotiate protective terms related to our discounted prices, our intellectual property and our consumers, with PBMs, our contracts with these parties are not exclusive and PBMs work with others in the industry to drive volume to their networks. For example, our contracts include provisions that, among others, restrict the ability of PBMs to compete with us and solicit our consumers. We aim to differentiate our business through scale and by innovating and delivering offerings and services that demonstrate value to our new and existing consumers, particularly in response to frequent changes in medication pricing and the cost of medical care. Our failure to innovate and deliver offerings and services that demonstrate value, or to market such offerings and services effectively, may affect our ability to acquire or retain consumers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may also face competition from companies that we do not yet know about. If existing or new companies develop or market an offering similar to ours, develop an entirely new solution for access to affordable healthcare, acquire one of our existing competitors or form a strategic alliance with one of our competitors or other industry participants, our ability to compete effectively could be significantly impacted, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 A pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the United States, including the outbreak of COVID-19, could adversely impact our business. 
 Global health concerns relating to the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted the macroeconomic environment, including by increasing economic uncertainty. GoodRx has continued to monitor and respond to the effects of COVID-19 and its variants on its employees, customers and business operations. During 2020 and 2021, in addition to various other government restrictions, governmental authorities recommended, and in certain cases, required, that elective or other medical appointments be suspended or cancelled to avoid non-essential patient exposure to medical environments and potential infection. These and other measures not only negatively impacted consumer spending and business spending habits, they adversely impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations and the operations of healthcare professionals, pharmacies, consumers, PBMs and others in the broader healthcare ecosystem. Although many of these measures have eased, overall measures to contain the COVID-19 pandemic may remain in place for a significant period of time, and certain geographic regions are experiencing resurgences of COVID-19 infections. The duration and severity of this pandemic is unknown and the extent of the business disruption and financial impact depend on factors beyond our knowledge and control. 
 Given the uncertainty around the duration and extent of the COVID-19 pandemic, we expect it to continue to impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, but cannot accurately predict at this time the future potential impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Various government measures, community self-isolation practices and shelter-in-place requirements, as well as the perceived need by individuals to continue such practices to avoid infection, have, at times, reduced the extent to which consumers visit healthcare professionals in-person, seek treatment for certain conditions or ailments, and receive and fill new prescriptions. Consumers may also increasingly elect to receive prescriptions by mail delivery instead of at the pharmacy, which could have an adverse impact on our prescription transactions offering. In addition, many pharmacies and healthcare providers have, at times, reduced staffing, closed locations or otherwise limited operations, and many prescribing healthcare professionals have reduced or postponed treatment of certain patients. The number of Monthly Active Consumers and our prescription transactions offering were adversely impacted principally in the second quarter of 2020 by consumers decisions to avoid visiting healthcare professionals and pharmacies in-person, which we believe has had a similar effect across the industry. The effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on the number of Monthly Active Consumers lessened throughout 2021 and 2022, but remains uncertain. Any future decrease in the number of consumers seeking to fill prescriptions could negatively impact demand for and use of certain of our offerings, particularly our prescription and subscription offerings, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 25 
 
 The spread of COVID-19 has also caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and the cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, consumers and partners, which may have an adverse impact on our business. For example, we have implemented work-from-home measures, which have required us to provide technical support to our employees to enable them to connect to our systems from their homes. We may experience an increased risk of security breaches, loss of data, and other disruptions as a result of accessing sensitive information from remote locations. 
 While the potential economic impact brought by and the duration of any pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, including COVID-19, may be difficult to assess or predict, the widespread COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. 
 The full extent to which the outbreak of COVID-19 will impact our business, results of operations and financial condition is still unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be readily predicted. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of its global economic impact, including any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future as well as similar impacts from other future pandemics or outbreaks of disease. 
 To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, financial condition and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Our estimated addressable market is subject to inherent challenges and uncertainties. If we overestimate the size of our addressable market or the various markets in which we operate, our future growth opportunities may be limited. 
 Our TAM is based on internal estimates and third-party estimates regarding the size of each of the U.S. prescriptions market, pharma manufacturer solutions market and telehealth market, and is subject to significant uncertainty and is based on assumptions that may not prove to be accurate. In particular, we calculated the TAM for our prescription opportunity based on data from the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services regarding the expected size of the U.S. prescription market in 2020, plus our estimated value of prescriptions that are written but not filled. This estimate is based on third-party reports and is subject to significant assumptions and estimates. Additionally, we calculated the TAM for our pharma manufacturer solutions opportunity based on data published in an article in the Journal of the American Medical Association regarding the amount of advertising and marketing spending by U.S. pharma manufacturers in 2016. We calculated the TAM for our telehealth opportunity based on a report by McKinsey Company regarding the extent to which amounts spent on outpatient office and home health visits in 2020 can be addressed via telehealth offering. These estimates, as well as the estimates and forecasts elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relating to the size and expected growth of the markets in which we operate, may change or prove to be inaccurate. While we believe the information on which we base our TAM is generally reliable, such information is inherently imprecise. In addition, our expectations, assumptions and estimates of future opportunities are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described herein. If third-party or internally generated data prove to be inaccurate or we make errors in our assumptions based on that data, our future growth opportunities may be affected. Additionally, our TAM for our prescription transactions offering includes medications for which we are currently not able to offer savings on the prices paid by non-insured and insured consumers and for which we may not be able to provide savings on in the future. If our TAM, or the size of any of the various markets in which we operate, proves to be inaccurate, our future growth opportunities may be limited and there could be a material adverse effect on our prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 26 
 
 We calculate certain operational metrics using internal systems and tools and do not independently verify such metrics. Certain metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 We present certain operational metrics in our SEC filings, including Monthly Active Consumers, Monthly Visitors, subscribers, subscription plans, GMV, savings and other metrics. We calculate these metrics using internal systems and tools that are not independently verified by any third party. These metrics may differ from estimates or similar metrics published by third parties or other companies due to differences in sources, methodologies or the assumptions on which we rely. Our internal systems and tools have a number of limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics have evolved and may continue to change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose on an ongoing basis. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics undercount or overcount performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we present may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our metrics for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring savings, the use of our platform and offerings and other metrics. For example, we believe that there are consumers who access our offerings through multiple accounts or channels, and that there are groups of consumers, such as families, who access our offerings through single accounts or channels, both of which impact our number of Monthly Visitors, as each channel is counted independently. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which would affect our long-term strategies. If our operating metrics or our estimates are not accurate representations of our business, or if investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, our reputation may be significantly harmed, and our operating and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 Our telehealth offering is dependent on our ability to maintain our relationship with our telehealth provider network and ability to recruit qualified telehealth providers. 
 The success of our telehealth offering depends in part on our continued ability to maintain our relationship with our telehealth provider network and ability to recruit qualified telehealth providers. There is significant competition in the telehealth market for qualified telehealth providers, and if our third-party partners, such as Wheel, are unable to recruit or retain physicians and other healthcare professionals and service providers, it could negatively impact our telehealth offering. Moreover if our relationship with these third-party partners were to end, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and/or cause us to cease our telehealth offering. 
 Negative media coverage could adversely affect our business. 
 We receive a high degree of media coverage in the United States. Unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, the healthcare industry, industry competition, litigation or regulatory activity, the actions of the entities included or otherwise involved with our platform, negative perceptions of prescriptions included on our platform, medication pricing, pricing structures in place amongst the industry participants, our data privacy or data security practices, our platform or our revenue could materially adversely affect our reputation. Such negative publicity also could have an adverse effect on our ability to attract and retain consumers, partners, or employees, and result in decreased revenue, which would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 27 
 
 We may be unable to successfully respond to changes in the market for prescription pricing, and may fail to maintain and expand the use of GoodRx codes through our apps and websites. 
 In recent years, we believe that consumer preferences and access to prescription medication discounts has increasingly shifted from traditional offline or analog channels, such as newspapers and by direct mail, to digital or electronic channels, such as apps, websites and by email. It is difficult to predict whether the pace of the transition from traditional to digital channels will continue at the same rate and whether the growth of the digital channel will continue. While we actively promote the use of our apps and websites, if the demand for digital channels does not continue to grow as we expect, or if we fail to successfully address this demand through our platform, our business could be harmed. Consumer access and preferences for purchasing medications may evolve in ways which may be difficult to predict. Further, if PBMs or pharmacy chains elect to directly distribute pricing information through their own digital channels, or if new or existing competitors are faster or better at addressing consumer demand and preferences for digital channels, or are able to offer more accessible discounted prices to consumers, our ability and success in presenting discounted prices on our platform may be impeded and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. If we cannot maintain a sufficient offering of discounted prices on our platform, new consumers and existing consumers may perceive our platform as less relevant, consumer traffic to our platform could decline and, as a result, new consumers and existing consumers may decrease their use of our platform or subscription offerings, which would affect our contracts with certain partners included or otherwise involved with our platform and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to maintain a positive perception regarding our platform or maintain and enhance our brand. 
 A decrease in the quality or perceived quality of the discounted prices available through our platform, or of our telehealth offering, could harm our reputation and damage our ability to attract and retain consumers and partners included or otherwise involved with our platform, which could adversely affect our business. Many factors that impact the perception of our offerings are beyond our control. 
 Maintaining and enhancing our GoodRx brand and the branding and image of our various offerings, such as GoodRx Care, is critical to our business and our ability to attract new and existing consumers to our platform. We expect that the promotion of our brand will require us to make substantial investments and as our market becomes more competitive, these branding initiatives may become increasingly difficult and expensive. We have and may continue to decide to reduce such investments, which may impact our ability to acquire or retain consumers, or other partners included or otherwise involved with our platform. The successful promotion of our brand will depend largely on our marketing and public relations efforts. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand, we could lose consumer traffic, which could, in turn, cause PBMs and others to terminate or reduce the extent of their relationship with us. Our brand promotion activities may not be successful or may not yield net revenues sufficient to offset this cost, which could adversely affect our reputation and business. 
 We are obligated to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and any failure to maintain effective internal controls may cause us to not be able to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our Class A common stock. 
 As a public company, we are required, pursuant to Section 404 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404, to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. We are also required to comply with, among other requirements, the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404. 
 Our compliance with Section 404 requires that we incur substantial costs and expend significant management efforts. We have engaged outside consultants who function in the capacity of an internal audit group, and we plan to continue to hire additional consultants, accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting 
 28 
 
 knowledge as needed to maintain the system and process documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. 
 We have had material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the past, and we cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines that we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations, which could cause investors to lose confidence in our company, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy future material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 Use of social media, emails and text messages may adversely impact our reputation, subject us to fines or other penalties or be an ineffective source to market our offerings. 
 We use social media, emails and text messages as part of our omnichannel approach to marketing and consumer outreach. Changes to these social networking services terms of use or terms of service that limit promotional communications, restrictions that would limit our ability or our consumers ability to send communications through their services, disruptions or downtime experienced by these social networking services or reductions in the use of or engagement with social networking services by consumers and potential consumers could also harm our business. As laws and regulations rapidly evolve to govern the use of these channels, the failure by us, our employees or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these channels could adversely affect our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties. In addition, our employees or third parties acting at our direction may knowingly or inadvertently make use of social media in ways that could lead to the loss or infringement of intellectual property, as well as the public disclosure of proprietary, confidential or sensitive personal information of our business, employees, consumers or others. Any such inappropriate use of social media, emails and text messages could also cause reputational damage and adversely affect our business. 
 Our consumers may engage with us online through our social media pages, including, for example, our presence on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, by providing feedback and public commentary about all aspects of our business. Information concerning us or our offerings and brands, whether accurate or not, may be posted on social media pages at any time and may have a disproportionately adverse impact on our brand, reputation or business. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Additionally, we use emails and text messages to communicate with consumers and we collect consumer data, including email addresses and phone numbers, to further our marketing efforts with such consenting consumers. If we fail to adequately or accurately collect such data or if our data collection systems are breached, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. Further, any failure, or perceived failure, by us, or any third parties processing such data, to comply with privacy policies or with any federal or state privacy or consumer protection-related laws, regulations, industry self-regulatory principles, industry standards or codes of conduct, regulatory guidance, orders to which we may be subject or other legal obligations relating to privacy or consumer protection would adversely affect our reputation, brand and business, and may result in claims, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities, consumers, suppliers or others or other liabilities or may require us to change our operations and/or cease using certain data sets. 
 We rely on information technology to operate our business and maintain competitive, and must adapt to technological developments or industry trends. 
 Our ability to attract new consumers and increase revenue from our existing consumers depends in large part on our ability to enhance and improve our existing offerings, increase adoption and usage of our offerings, and introduce new features and capabilities. The markets in which we compete are relatively new and subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, and changing regulations, as well as changing consumer needs, requirements and preferences. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt and respond effectively to these changes on a timely basis. 
 We depend on the use of information technologies and systems. As our operations grow, we must continuously improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of our infrastructure. Our future success also depends on our ability to adapt our systems and infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer trends and demands while continuing to improve the performance, features and reliability of our solutions in response to competitive services and offerings. The emergence of alternative platforms such as smartphones and tablets and the 
 29 
 
 emergence of niche competitors who may be able to optimize offerings, services or strategies for such platforms will require new investment in technology. New developments in other areas, such as cloud computing, have made it easier for competition to enter our markets due to lower up-front technology costs. In addition, we may not be able to maintain our existing systems or replace or introduce new technologies and systems as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner. There is also no guarantee that we will possess the financial resources or personnel, for the research, design and development of new applications or services, or that we will be able to utilize these resources successfully and avoid technological or market obsolescence. Further, there can be no assurance that technological advances by one or more of our competitors or future competitors will not result in our present or future applications and services becoming uncompetitive or obsolete. If we were unable to enhance our offerings and platform capabilities to keep pace with rapid technological and regulatory change, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive offerings at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently or more securely than our offerings, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We depend on our information technology systems, and those of our third-party vendors, contractors and consultants, and any failure or significant disruptions of these systems, security breaches or loss of data could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We collect and maintain information in digital form that is necessary to conduct our business, and we are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure IT Systems to operate our business. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information. It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. We have established physical, electronic and organizational measures to safeguard and secure our systems to prevent a data compromise, and rely on commercially available systems, software, tools, and monitoring to provide security for our IT Systems and the processing, transmission and storage of digital information. We have also outsourced elements of our IT Systems and data storage systems, and as a result a number of third-party vendors may or could have access to our confidential information. 
 Despite the implementation of preventative and detective security controls, such IT Systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures or interruptions, system malfunction, natural disasters, malicious human acts, terrorism and war. Such IT Systems, including our servers, are additionally vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, third-party service providers, contractors, consultants, business partners, and/or other third parties, or from cyber-attacks by malicious third parties (including the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering, and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information). As we continue to embrace both hybrid and remote working, we may face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology and the number of our employees who are working remotely, which may create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. We may not be able to anticipate all types of security threats, and we may not be able to implement preventive measures effective against all such security threats. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched, and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including outside groups such as external service providers, organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, or hostile foreign governments or agencies. In addition, the prevalent use of mobile devices that access confidential information increases the risk of data security breaches, which could lead to the loss of confidential information or other intellectual property. 
 We can provide no assurance that our current IT Systems, or those of the third parties upon which we rely, are fully protected against cybersecurity threats. It is possible that we or our third-party vendors may experience cybersecurity and other breach incidents that remain undetected for an extended period. We and certain of our service providers from time to time are subject to cyberattacks and security incidents. Even when a security incident is detected, the full extent of the breach may not be determined immediately. The costs to us to mitigate network security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and while we have implemented security measures to protect our data security and IT Systems, our efforts to address these problems may not be successful, and these problems could result in unexpected interruptions, delays, cessation of service and other harm to our business and our competitive position. While we do not believe that we have experienced any significant system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our offerings to consumers. Moreover, we and our third-party vendors collect, store and transmit sensitive data, including health-related information, personally identifiable information, intellectual property and proprietary business information in the ordinary course of our business. If a computer security breach affects our systems or results in the unauthorized release of personally identifiable information, our reputation could be materially damaged. In addition, such breaches may in the future require notification to governmental agencies, the media or individuals pursuant to various federal and state privacy and security laws, if applicable, including HIPAA as well as regulations promulgated by the Federal 
 30 
 
 Trade Commission FTC and state breach notification laws. We would also be exposed to a risk of loss or litigation and potential liability, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If our or our third-party vendors security measures fail or are breached, it could result in unauthorized access to confidential and proprietary business information, intellectual property, sensitive consumer data (including health-related information) or other personally identifiable information of our consumers, employees, partners or contractors, a loss of or damage to our data, or an inability to access data sources, process data or provide our services. Such failures or breaches of our or our third-party vendors security measures, or our or our third-party vendors inability to effectively resolve such failures or breaches in a timely manner, could severely damage our reputation, adversely impact consumer, partner, or investor confidence in us, and reduce the demand for our solutions and services. In addition, we could face litigation, significant damages for contract breach or other breaches of law, significant monetary penalties, or regulatory actions for violation of applicable laws or regulations, and incur significant costs for remedial measures to prevent future occurrences and mitigate past violations. The costs related to significant security breaches or disruptions could be material and exceed the limits of the cybersecurity insurance we maintain against such risks. If the IT Systems of our third-party vendors become subject to disruptions or security breaches, we may have insufficient recourse against such third parties and we may have to expend significant resources to mitigate the impact of such an event, and to develop and implement protections to prevent future events of this nature from occurring. Any disruption or loss to IT Systems on which critical aspects of our operations depend could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Government regulation of the internet and e-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these laws and regulations could substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 We are subject to general business regulations and laws specifically governing the internet and e-commerce. Furthermore, the regulatory landscape impacting these areas is constantly evolving. Existing and future regulations and laws could impede the growth of the internet, e-commerce or other online services. These regulations and laws may involve taxation, tariffs, privacy and data security, anti-spam, data protection, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts, electronic communications, money laundering, electronic payments and consumer protection. It is not clear how existing laws and regulations governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to the internet as the vast majority of these laws and regulations were adopted prior to the advent of the internet and do not contemplate or address the unique issues raised by the internet or e-commerce. It is possible that general business regulations and laws, or those specifically governing the internet or e-commerce may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. 
 We cannot assure you that our practices have complied, comply or will in the future comply with all such laws and regulations. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any of these laws or regulations could result in damage to our reputation, a loss in business, and proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others. For example, recent automatic renewal laws, which require companies to adhere to enhanced disclosure requirements when entering into automatically renewing contracts with consumers, resulted in class action lawsuits against companies that offer online products and services on a subscription or recurring basis. These and similar proceedings or actions could hurt our reputation, force us to spend significant resources in defense of these proceedings, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business, and cause consumers and paid merchants to decrease their use of our platform, and may result in the imposition of monetary liability. We may also be contractually liable to indemnify and hold harmless third parties from the costs or consequences of non-compliance with any such laws or regulations. In addition, it is possible that governments of one or more countries may seek to censor content available on our apps and websites or may even attempt to completely block access to our platform. Adverse legal or regulatory developments could substantially harm our business. 
 31 
 
 Our business relies on email, mail and other messaging channels and any technical, legal or other restrictions on the sending of such correspondence or a decrease in consumer willingness to receive such correspondence could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business depends in part upon the emailing and mailing of promotional materials, cards with GoodRx codes and other information to consumers and healthcare providers, and is also significantly dependent on email and other messaging channels, such as text messages. We distribute pricing information and other promotional materials in the mail, and also provide emails, mobile alerts and other messages to consumers informing them of the discounted prices available on our apps and websites. These communications help generate a significant portion of our revenues. Because email, mail and other messaging channels are important to our business, if we are unable to successfully deliver messages to consumers through these channels, if there are legal restrictions on delivering such messages to consumers, if consumers do not or cannot open or otherwise utilize our messages or if consumers reject the receipt of communications referencing particular prescriptions or conditions, our revenues and profitability would be adversely affected. 
 Actions taken by third parties that block, impose restrictions on or charge for the delivery of these communications could also harm our business. For example, from time to time, internet service providers or other third parties may block bulk communications or otherwise experience difficulties that result in our inability to successfully deliver communications to consumers. In addition, our use of mail, email and other messaging channels to send communications about our platform or other matters, including health related topics referencing particular prescriptions or conditions, may result in legal claims against us, which if successful might limit or prohibit our ability to send such communications. 
 We rely on a single third-party service provider for the delivery of substantially all of our mailing communications and rely on third-party service providers for delivery of emails, text messages and other forms of electronic communication. If we were unable to use any one of our current service providers, alternate providers are available; however, we believe our revenue could be impacted for some period as we transition to a new provider, and the new provider may be unable to provide equivalent or satisfactory services. Any disruption or restriction on the distribution of our communications, termination or disruption of our relationships with our third-party service providers, particularly our single third-party service provider for the delivery of mail communications, or any increase in the associated costs, may be beyond our control and would adversely affect our business. 
 We face the risk of litigation resulting from unauthorized text messages sent in violation of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act. 
 We send short message service SMS text messages to individuals who are eligible to use our service. The actual or perceived improper sending of text messages may subject us to potential risks, including liabilities or claims relating to consumer protection laws. Numerous class action suits under federal and state laws have been filed in recent years against companies who conduct SMS texting programs, with many resulting in multi-million-dollar settlements to the plaintiffs. We have been, and in the future may be subject to such litigation, which could be costly and time-consuming to defend. The Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) of 1991, a federal statute that protects consumers from unwanted telephone calls, faxes and text messages, restricts telemarketing and the use of automated SMS text messages without proper consent. Federal or state regulatory authorities or private litigants may claim that the notices and disclosures we provide, form of consents we obtain or our SMS texting practices are not adequate or violate applicable law. This has resulted and may in the future result in civil claims against us. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to the delivery of text messages are continuously evolving and developing. If we do not comply with these laws or regulations or if we become liable under these laws or regulations, we could face direct liability, could be required to change some portions of our business model, could face negative publicity and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Even an unsuccessful challenge of our SMS texting practices by our consumers, regulatory authorities or other third parties could result in negative publicity and could require a costly response from and defense by us. 
 Actual or perceived failures to comply with applicable data protection, privacy and security, advertising and consumer protection laws, regulations, standards and other requirements could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on a variety of marketing techniques, including email and social media marketing and postal mailings, and we are subject to various laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations that govern such marketing and advertising practices. A variety of federal and state laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of consumer data, particularly in the context of online advertising, which we rely upon to attract new consumers. 
 Laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations relating to privacy, data protection, marketing and advertising, and consumer protection are evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations, particularly as they involve classes of data deemed to be sensitive. These requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner that varies from one 
 32 
 
 jurisdiction to another and/or may conflict with other law, regulations and regulatory interpretations. As a result, our practices may not have complied or may not comply in the future with all such laws, regulations, requirements and obligations. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us or any of our third-party partners, data centers, or service providers to comply with privacy policies or federal or state privacy or consumer protection-related laws, regulations, regulatory interpretations, industry self-regulatory principles, industry standards or codes of conduct, regulatory guidance, orders to which we may be subject, or other legal obligations relating to privacy or consumer protection, could adversely affect our reputation, brand and business, and may result in claims, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities, consumers, suppliers or others. These proceedings may result in financial liabilities or may require us to change our operations, including ceasing the use or sharing of certain data sets, or modifying marketing and other user engagement programs and plans. Any such claims, proceedings or actions could hurt our reputation, brand and business, force us to incur significant expenses in defense of such proceedings or actions, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business, result in a loss of consumers, suppliers, and contracts with PBMs and others and result in the imposition of monetary penalties. We are also contractually required to indemnify and hold harmless certain third parties from the costs or consequences of non-compliance with any laws, regulations, regulatory interpretations, or other legal obligations relating to privacy or consumer protection or any inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure of data that we store or handle as part of operating our business. Federal and state governmental authorities continue to evaluate the privacy implications inherent in the use of third-party cross-site behavioral advertising technologies and other methods of online tracking for behavioral advertising and other purposes. The U.S. federal and state governments have enacted, and may in the future enact legislation, regulations and regulatory interpretations impacting the ability of companies and individuals to engage in these activities, such as by regulating the level of consumer notice and consent required before a company can employ cross-site behavioral advertising technologies or other electronic tracking tools or the use of data gathered with such tools. Additionally, some providers of consumer devices and web browsers have implemented, or announced plans to implement, limits on behavioral or targeted advertising and/or means to make it easier for internet users to prevent the placement of cross-site behavioral advertising technologies or to block other tracking technologies, which could, if widely adopted, result in the decreased effectiveness or use of third-party cross-site behavioral advertising technologies and other methods of online tracking, targeting or re-targeting. The regulation of the use of these cross-site behavioral advertising technologies and other current online tracking and advertising practices or a loss in our ability to make effective use of services that employ such technologies could increase our costs of operations and limit our ability to acquire new consumers on cost-effective terms and consequently, materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The CCPA, which became effective on January 1, 2020, creates individual privacy rights for California consumers and increases the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain personal data. For example, the CCPA gives California residents expanded rights to access and require deletion of their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. Failure to comply with the CCPA may result in attorney general enforcement action and damage to our reputation. We have enacted and will continue to enact changes to ensure compliance with the CCPA. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that has increased the likelihood of, and risks associated with data breach litigation. 
 The CPRA significantly amends the CCPA and the majority of its provisions went into effect on January 1, 2023. The CPRA imposes additional data protection obligations on companies doing business in California, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It has also created a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. Additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. Further, certain states have passed similar laws, including Nevada, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah and many similar laws have been proposed at the federal level and in other states. 
 Additionally, the interpretations of existing federal and state consumer protection laws relating to online collection, use, dissemination, and security of health related and other personal information adopted by the FTC state attorneys general, private plaintiffs, and courts have evolved, and may continue to evolve, over time. Consumer protection and certain state data privacy laws like the CCPA and CPRA require us to publish statements that describe how we handle personal information and choices individuals may have about the way we handle or provide access to their personal information. If such information that we publish is considered untrue, we may be subject to government claims of unfair or deceptive trade practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences. Furthermore, according to the FTC, violating consumers privacy rights or failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure may constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce and thus violate Section 5(a) of the FTC Act. It may also violate one or more FTC-enforced rules. The FTC expects a company s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. Individually identifiable health information is considered sensitive data that merits stronger safeguards. We recently reached a negotiated settlement (a proposed consent order with the FTC with respect to an investigation of our privacy and security practices. For further information regarding this 
 33 
 
 FTC matter and the proposed consent order, see Note 13 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As a result of regulatory enforcement proceedings and inquiries, there may be settlements, enforcement actions, or related litigation that could include monetary penalties and/or compliance requirements that may (1) impose significant and material costs, (2) require us to make modifications to our data practices and our marketing programs, (3) result in negative publicity, or (4) have a negative impact on consumer demand for our products and services, or on our commercial or industry relationships. There may also be significant and material resource burdens on us, require certain aspects of our operations to be overseen by an independent monitor, and/or limit or eliminate our ability to use certain targeting marketing strategies or work with certain third-party vendors. Any of these events could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 
 In addition, HIPAA, which applies to parts of our business, imposes on entities within its jurisdiction, among other things, certain standards relating to the privacy, security, transmission and breach reporting of individually identifiable health information. For example, HIPAA imposes privacy, security and breach reporting obligations with respect to individually identifiable health information upon covered entities (health plans, health care clearinghouses and certain health care providers), such as vitaCare, and their respective business associates, individuals or entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected health information in connection with providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity. HIPAA mandates the reporting of certain breaches of health information to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), affected individuals and if the breach is large enough, the media. We have experienced such breaches in the past and could be exposed to a risk of loss or litigation and potential liability, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, to the extent we, through vitaCare, or our other contractors or agents receive or obtain individually identifiable health information from patients, healthcare professionals, pharmacies, or other individuals or entities, we could be subject to criminal penalties if we mishandle individually identifiable health information in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. 
 Certain states have adopted or are considering adopting comparable privacy and security laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations, some of which may be more stringent or expansive than HIPAA. In addition, legislative proposals on the federal level include comparable privacy and security laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations, which may be more stringent or expansive than HIPAA. Such laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations will be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities, thus creating potentially complex compliance issues for us and our consumers and strategic partners. 
 In addition, vitaCare s activities could be subject to regulation and enforcement by the federal government and the states in which vitaCare s conducts its business, including state licensing of pharmacies and pharmacists and as a result of potential increased scrutiny of innovation in hub services. 
 Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (generally defined as a change (by value) in its equity ownership by more than 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. As of December 31, 2021, we completed a study to assess whether an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code had occurred, or whether there had been multiple ownership changes since our formation. We determined that a Section 382 ownership change occurred in 2018, but we also determined that this ownership change did not materially impact our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes generated that year. We may have experienced additional ownership changes since December 31, 2021, and we may also experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership. If finalized, Treasury Regulations currently proposed under Section 382 of the Code may further limit our ability to utilize our pre-change NOLs or credits if we undergo a future ownership change. Further, U.S. tax laws limit the time during which NOL carryforwards generated before January 1, 2018 may be applied against future taxes. While NOL carryforwards generated on or after January 1, 2018 are not subject to expiration, the deductibility of such NOL carryforwards is limited to 80 of our taxable income for taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2021. For these reasons, our ability to utilize NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes to reduce future tax liabilities may be limited. 
 34 
 
 Our recent reduction in force undertaken to re-balance our investments and cost structure into prioritized areas that we believe will drive incremental long-term growth and improve margins may not achieve our intended outcome. 
 In August 2022, we implemented a reduction in force affecting approximately 140 employees, or 16 , of our wholly-owned subsidiary GoodRx, Inc. s workforce in order to consolidate functions and eliminate or reduce investment in areas of lower focus. In connection with these actions, we have incurred termination costs, which include pre-tax charges of approximately 5.9 million for the reduction in force. This reduction in force is expected to result in approximately 23.0 million to 25.0 million of annualized run rate cash savings associated with the approximately 140 employees, excluding the hiring of new employees or other additions to our costs and expenses. 
 The reduction in force may result in unintended consequences and costs, such as the loss of institutional knowledge and expertise, attrition beyond the intended number of employees, decreased morale among our remaining employees, and the risk that we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the reduction in force. In addition, while positions have been eliminated, certain functions necessary to our operations remain, and we may be unsuccessful in distributing the duties and obligations of departed employees among our remaining employees. The reduction in workforce could also make it difficult for us to pursue, or prevent us from pursuing, new opportunities and initiatives due to insufficient personnel, or require us to incur additional and unanticipated costs to hire new personnel to pursue such opportunities or initiatives. If we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from the reduction in force, or if we experience significant adverse consequences from the reduction in force, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 We rely on the performance of members of management and highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, develop, motivate and retain well-qualified employees, our business could be harmed. 
 Our ability to maintain our competitive position is largely dependent on the services of our senior management and other key personnel. In addition, our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled employees. Competition for such personnel is extremely intense. We have experienced and may continue to experience difficulties in hiring and retaining these personnel at compensation levels consistent with our existing compensation and salary structure. Some of the companies with which we compete for experienced employees have greater resources than we have and may be able to offer more attractive terms of employment. In addition, the loss of any of our senior management or other key employees or our inability to recruit and develop mid-level managers could materially and adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and we may be unable to find adequate replacements. All of our employees are at-will employees, meaning that they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace. If we fail to retain talented senior management and other key personnel, or if we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 General economic factors, natural disasters or other unexpected events may adversely affect our business, financial performance and results of operations. 
 Although we only operate in the United States, our business, financial performance and results of operations depend in part on worldwide macroeconomic economic conditions and their impact on consumer spending. Recessionary economic cycles, higher interest rates, volatile fuel and energy costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, conditions in the residential real estate and mortgage markets, access to credit, consumer debt levels, unsettled financial markets and other economic factors that may affect costs of manufacturing prescription medications, consumer spending or buying habits could materially and adversely affect demand for our offerings. Volatility in the financial markets has also had and may continue to have a negative impact on consumer spending patterns. In addition, negative national or global economic conditions may materially and adversely affect the PBMs we contract with and their associated pharmacy networks, financial performance, liquidity and access to capital. This may affect their ability to renew contracts with us on the same or better terms, which could impact the competitiveness of the discounted prices we are able to offer our consumers. All of these factors may be exacerbated by global financial conditions and other geopolitical factors, including as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and trade tensions with China, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Economic factors such as increased insurance and healthcare costs, commodity prices, shipping costs, inflation, higher costs of labor, and changes in or interpretations of other laws, regulations and taxes may also increase our costs and our make our offerings less competitive, increase general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, global public health crises, natural disasters, such as earthquakes and wildfires, and other adverse weather and climate conditions, political crises, such as terrorist attacks, war and other political instability or other unexpected events, could disrupt our operations, internet or mobile networks or the operations of PBMs and their pharmacy networks. For example, our corporate headquarters and other facilities are located in California, 
 35 
 
 which in the past has experienced both severe earthquakes and wildfires. If any of these events occurs, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We may seek to grow our business through acquisitions of, or investments in, new or complementary businesses, technologies or products, or through strategic alliances, and the failure to manage these acquisitions, investments or alliances, or to integrate them with our existing business, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We have completed a number of strategic acquisitions in the past and may in the future consider opportunities to acquire or make investments in new or complementary businesses, technologies, offerings, or products, or enter into strategic alliances, that may enhance our capabilities, expand our pharmacy or PBM networks and healthcare platform in general, complement our current offerings or expand the breadth of our markets. Our ability to successfully grow through these types of strategic transactions depends upon our ability to identify, negotiate, complete and integrate suitable target businesses, technologies and products and to obtain any necessary financing, and is subject to numerous risks, including: 
 failure to identify acquisition, investment or other strategic alliance opportunities that we deem suitable or available on favorable terms; 

problems integrating the acquired business, technologies or products, including issues maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies; 

unanticipated costs associated with acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances; 

adverse impacts on our overall margins; 

diversion of management s attention from our existing business; 

adverse effects on existing business relationships with consumers, pharmacies and PBMs; 

risks associated with entering new markets in which we may have limited or no experience; 

potential loss of key employees of acquired businesses; and 

increased legal and accounting compliance costs. 

In addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take impairment charges to our results of operations based on our impairment assessment process, which could harm our results of operations. 
 If we are unable to identify suitable acquisitions or strategic relationships, or if we are unable to integrate any acquired businesses, technologies and products effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Also, while we employ several different methodologies to assess potential business opportunities, the new businesses may not meet or exceed our expectations. 
 Restrictions in our debt arrangements could adversely affect our operating flexibility, and failure to comply with any of these restrictions could result in acceleration of our debt. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 667.1 million of principal amounts outstanding under a term loan that requires quarterly principal payments through September 2025, with any remaining unpaid principal and any accrued and unpaid interest due upon maturity in October 2025. We also have a revolving credit facility and as of December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility (see Note 12 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details). Our current and additional debt arrangements that we expect to enter into in the future may limit our ability to, among other things: 
 incur or guarantee additional debt; 

pay dividends and make other restricted payments; 

make certain investments and acquisitions; 

incur certain liens or permit them to exist; 

consolidate, merge or otherwise transfer, sell or dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; 

enter into certain types of restrictive agreements; and 

enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates. 

36 
 
 We are also required to comply with certain financial ratios set forth in our existing debt arrangements. Certain provisions in our current and future debt arrangements may affect our ability to obtain future financing and to pursue attractive business opportunities and our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in business conditions. As a result, restrictions in our current and future debt arrangements could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with the provisions of our current and future debt arrangements could result in a default or an event of default that could enable our lenders to declare the outstanding principal of that debt, together with accrued and unpaid interest, to be immediately due and payable. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders under our existing and any other future secured debt agreements could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. 
 We have pledged substantially all of our subsidiaries assets, including, among other things, equity interests of GoodRx, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as collateral under our existing debt arrangements. If the payment of outstanding amounts under our existing debt arrangement is accelerated, our assets may be insufficient to repay such amounts in full, and our common stockholders could experience a partial or total loss of their investment. 
 Our business depends on network and mobile infrastructure and our ability to maintain and scale our technology. Any significant interruptions or delays in service on our apps or websites or any undetected errors or design faults could result in limited capacity, reduced demand, processing delays and loss of consumers. 
 A key element of our strategy is to generate a significant number of visitors to, and their use of, our apps and websites. Our reputation and ability to acquire, retain and serve our consumers are dependent upon the reliable performance of our apps and websites and the underlying network infrastructure. As our base of consumers and the amount of information shared on our apps and websites continue to grow, we will need an increasing amount of network capacity and computing power. We have spent and expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on computing, including cloud computing and the related infrastructure, to handle the traffic on our apps and websites. The operation of these systems is complex and could result in operational failures. In the event that the traffic of our consumers exceeds the capacity of our current network infrastructure or in the event that our base of consumers or the amount of traffic on our apps and websites grows more quickly than anticipated, we may be required to incur significant additional costs to enhance the underlying network infrastructure. Interruptions or delays in these systems, whether due to system failures, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, undetected errors, design faults or other unexpected events or causes, could affect the security or availability of our apps and websites and prevent our consumers from accessing our apps and websites. If sustained or repeated, these performance issues could reduce the attractiveness of our offerings. In addition, the costs and complexities involved in expanding and upgrading our systems may prevent us from doing so in a timely manner and may prevent us from adequately meeting the demand placed on our systems. Any internet or mobile platform interruption or inadequacy that causes performance issues or interruptions in the availability of our apps or websites could reduce consumer satisfaction and result in a reduction in the number of consumers using our offerings. 
 We depend on the development and maintenance of the internet and mobile infrastructure. This includes maintenance of reliable internet and mobile infrastructure with the necessary speed, data capacity and security, as well as timely development of complementary offerings, for providing reliable internet and mobile access. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if for any reason the reliability of our internet and mobile infrastructure is compromised. 
 We currently rely upon third-party data storage providers, including cloud storage solution providers, such as Amazon Web Services and some specific uses of Google Cloud Platform. Nearly all of our data storage and analytics are conducted on, and the data and content we create associated with sales on our apps and websites are processed through servers hosted by these providers, particularly Amazon Web Services. We also rely on email service providers, bandwidth providers, internet service providers and mobile networks to deliver email and push communications to consumers and to allow consumers to access our websites. If our third-party vendors are unable or unwilling to provide the services necessary to support our business, or if our agreements with such vendors are terminated, our operations could be significantly disrupted. Some of our vendor agreements may be unilaterally terminated by the licensor for convenience, including with respect to Amazon Web Services, and if such agreements are terminated, we may not be able to enter into similar relationships in the future on reasonable terms or at all. 
 Any damage to, or failure of, our systems or the systems of our third-party data centers or our other third-party providers could result in interruptions to the availability or functionality of our apps and websites. As a result, we could lose consumer data and miss opportunities to acquire and retain consumers, which could result in decreased revenue. If for any reason our arrangements with our data centers or third-party providers are terminated or interrupted, such termination or interruption could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We exercise little control over these providers, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. We could experience additional expense in arranging new facilities, technology, services and support. In addition, the failure of our third-party data centers 
 37 
 
 or any other third-party providers to meet our capacity requirements could result in interruption in the availability or functionality of our apps and websites. 
 The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our apps, websites, transaction processing systems and technology infrastructure are critical to our reputation and our ability to acquire and retain consumers, as well as to maintain adequate consumer service levels. Our revenue depends in part on the number of consumers that visit and use our apps and websites in fulfilling their healthcare needs. Unavailability of our apps or websites could materially and adversely affect consumer perception of our brand. Any slowdown or failure of our apps, websites or the underlying technology infrastructure could harm our business, reputation and our ability to acquire, retain and serve our consumers. 
 The occurrence of a natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, data loss, computer virus, an act of terrorism, cyberattack, vandalism or sabotage, act of war or any similar event, or a decision to close our third-party data centers on which we normally operate or the facilities of any other third-party provider without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in the availability of our apps and websites. Certain natural events may become more frequent or intense as a result of climate change. For more information, see our risk factor titled We are subject to a series of risks related to climate change. Cloud computing, in particular, is dependent upon having access to an internet connection in order to retrieve data. If a natural disaster, blackout or other unforeseen event were to occur that disrupted the ability to obtain an internet connection, we may experience a slowdown or delay in our operations. While we have some limited disaster recovery arrangements in place, our preparations may not be adequate to account for disasters or similar events that may occur in the future and may not effectively permit us to continue operating in the event of any problems with respect to our systems or those of our third-party data centers or any other third-party facilities. Our disaster recovery and data redundancy plans may be inadequate, and our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for the losses that could occur. If any such event were to occur to our business, our operations could be impaired and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 We rely on third-party platforms such as the Apple App Store and Google Play App Store, to distribute our platform and offerings. 
 Our apps are accessed and operate through third-party platforms or marketplaces, including the Apple App Store and Google Play App Store, which also serve as significant online distribution platforms for our apps. As a result, the expansion and prospects of our business and our apps depend on our continued relationships with these providers and any other emerging platform providers that are widely adopted by consumers. We are subject to the standard terms and conditions that these providers have for application developers, which govern the content, promotion, distribution and operation of apps on their platforms or marketplaces, and which the providers can change unilaterally on short or no notice. Our business would be harmed if the providers discontinue or limit our access to their platforms or marketplaces; the platforms or marketplaces decline in popularity; the platforms modify their algorithms, communication channels available to developers, respective terms of service or other policies, including fees; the providers adopt changes or updates to their technology that impede integration with other software systems or otherwise require us to modify our technology or update our apps in order to ensure that consumers can continue to access and use our GoodRx codes and pricing information. 
 If alternative providers increase in popularity, we could be adversely impacted if we fail to create compatible versions of our apps in a timely manner, or if we fail to establish a relationship with such alternative providers. Likewise, if our current providers alter their operating platforms, we could be adversely impacted as our offerings may not be compatible with the altered platforms or may require significant and costly modifications in order to become compatible. If our providers do not perform their obligations in accordance with our platform agreements, we could be adversely impacted. 
 In the past, some of these platforms or marketplaces have been unavailable for short periods of time. If this or a similar event were to occur on a short- or long-term basis, or if these platforms or marketplaces otherwise experience issues that impact the ability of consumers to download or access our apps and other information, it could have a material adverse effect on our brand and reputation, as well as our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We rely on software-as-a-service SaaS technologies from third parties. 
 We rely on SaaS technologies from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business, including financial management services, relationship management services, marketing services and data storage services. For example, we rely on Amazon Web Services for a substantial portion of our computing and storage capacity, and rely on Google for storage capacity and advertising services. Amazon Web Services provides us with computing and storage capacity pursuant to an agreement that continues until terminated by either party. Amazon Web Services may terminate its agreement with us by providing thirty days prior written notice. Similarly, Google provides us with storage capacity and advertising services, and may update the terms of its services unilaterally by providing advance notice and posting changed terms on its website. Google may also terminate its agreements with us immediately upon notice. Our other vendor agreements may be 
 38 
 
 unilaterally terminated by the counterparty for convenience. If these services become unavailable due to contract cancellations, extended outages or interruptions or because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices, or for any other reason, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage our finances could be interrupted, our processes for managing our offerings and supporting our consumers and partners could be impaired and our ability to access or save data stored to the cloud may be impaired until equivalent services, if available, are identified, obtained and implemented, all of which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We depend on our relationships with third parties and would be adversely impacted by system failures or other disruptions in the operations of these parties. 
 We use and rely on services from third parties, such as our telecommunications services and telehealth services, and those services may be subject to outages and interruptions that are not within our control. Failures by our telecommunications providers may interrupt our ability to provide phone support to our consumers and distributed denial of service attacks directed at our telecommunication service providers could prevent consumers from accessing our websites. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future experience down periods where our third-party credit card processors are unable to process the payments of our consumers, disrupting our ability to process or receive revenue from our subscription offerings. Disruptions to our telehealth offering, consumer support, website and credit card processing services could lead to consumer dissatisfaction, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in consumer sentiment or laws, rules or regulations regarding the use of cookies and other tracking technologies and other privacy matters could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenues and could adversely affect our ability to collect proprietary data on consumer behavior. 
 Consumers may become increasingly resistant to the collection, use and sharing of information online, including information used to deliver and optimize advertising, and take steps to prevent such collection, use and sharing of information. For example, consumer complaints and/or lawsuits regarding online advertising or the use of cookies or other tracking technologies in general and our practices specifically could adversely impact our business. 
 Consumers can currently opt out of the placement or use of most cookies for online advertising purposes by either deleting or disabling cookies on their browsers, visiting websites that allow consumers to place an opt-out cookie on their browsers, which instructs participating entities not to use certain data about consumers online activity for the delivery of targeted advertising, or by downloading browser plug-ins and other tools that can be set to: identify cookies and other tracking technologies used on websites; prevent websites from placing third-party cookies and other tracking technologies on the consumer s browser; or block the delivery of online advertisements on apps and websites. 
 Various software tools and applications have been developed that can block advertisements from a consumer s screen or allow consumers to shift the location in which advertising appears on webpages or opt out of display, search and internet-based advertising entirely. In particular, Apple s mobile operating system permits these technologies to work in its mobile Safari browser. In addition, changes in device and software features could make it easier for internet users to prevent the placement of cookies or to block other tracking technologies. In particular, the default settings of consumer devices and software may be set to prevent the placement of cookies unless the user actively elects to allow them. For example, Apple s Safari browser currently has a default setting under which third-party cookies are not accepted and users must activate a browser setting to enable cookies to be set, and Apple has announced that its new mobile operating system will require consumers to opt in to the use of Apple s resettable device identifier for advertising purposes. Various industry participants have worked to develop and finalize standards relating to a mechanism in which consumers choose whether to allow the tracking of their online search and browsing activities, and such standards may be implemented and adopted by industry participants at any time. 
 We currently use cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies from third-party advertising technology providers to provide and optimize our advertising. If consumer sentiment regarding privacy issues or the development and deployment of new browser solutions or other Do Not Track mechanisms result in a material increase in the number of consumers who choose to opt out or block cookies and other tracking technologies or who are otherwise using browsers where they need to, and fail to, allow the browser to accept cookies, or otherwise result in cookies or other tracking technologies not functioning properly, our ability to advertise effectively and conduct our business, and our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to a series of risks related to climate change. 
 There are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Certain of the facilities we rely on, including but not limited to offices and network infrastructure, are located in areas that have experienced, and are projected to continue 
 39 
 
 to experience, various meteorological phenomena (such as drought, heatwaves, wildfire, storms, and flooding, among others) or other catastrophic events that may disrupt our or our suppliers operations, require us to incur additional operating or capital expenditures, or otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Climate change may increase the frequency and/or intensity of such events. For example, in certain areas, there has been an increase in power shutoffs associated with wildfire prevention. While we may take various actions to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change, this may require us to incur substantial costs and may not be successful, due to, among other things, the uncertainty associated with the longer-term projections associated with managing climate risk. 
 Additionally, we expect to be subject to increased regulations, reporting requirements, standards or expectations regarding the environmental impacts of our business. For example, the SEC has published proposed rules that would require companies to provide significantly expanded climate-related disclosures in their periodic reporting, which may require us to incur significant additional costs to comply and impose increased oversight obligations on our management and board of directors. The expectations of various stakeholders, including customers and employees, regarding such matters likewise continues to evolve. For more information, see our risk factor titled The increasing focus on environmental sustainability and social initiatives could increase our costs, harm our reputation and adversely impact our financial results. Changing market dynamics, global and domestic policy developments, and the increasing frequency and impact of meteorological phenomena have the potential to disrupt our business, the business of our suppliers and/or customers, or otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 The increasing focus on environmental, social and governance initiatives could increase our costs, harm our reputation and adversely impact our financial results. 
 There has been increasing public focus by various stakeholders, including but not limited to investors, environmental activists, the media and governmental and nongovernmental organizations, on a variety of environmental, social and governance ESG and other sustainability matters. Such increased scrutiny may result in increased costs, changes in demands for certain products, enhanced compliance or disclosure obligations, or other adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 From time to time, we may create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters. Identification, assessment, and disclosure of such matters is complex. Certain statements may be based on expectations, assumptions, or third-party information that we currently believe to be reasonable but may subsequently be determined to be erroneous or be subject to misinterpretation. Additionally, expectations regarding companies management of ESG matters continue to evolve rapidly, in many instances due to factors that are out of our control. ESG regulation and enforcement are also evolving rapidly, and we may be subject to investor or regulator engagement on our ESG disclosures even though we currently make them voluntarily. 
 Furthermore, certain market participants, including major institutional investors and capital providers, use third-party benchmarks or scores to measure our ESG practices in making investment or voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings could lead to increased negative investor sentiment towards us or our industry, which could negatively impact our share price as well as our access to and cost of capital. To the extent ESG matters negatively impact our reputation, it may also impede our ability to compete as effectively to attract and retain employees or customers, which may adversely impact our operations. 
 We experience pressure to make commitments relating to sustainability matters that affect us, including the design and implementation of specific risk mitigation strategic initiatives relating to sustainability. We may not agree that such initiatives will be appropriate for our business, and we may not be able to implement such initiatives because of potential costs or technical or operational obstacles, which may adversely impact our reputation or business relation with such customers or suppliers. To the extent we do adopt, or expand, certain ESG practices or policies, we may experience increased costs or be required to forego certain business opportunities in order to execute them; however, we cannot guarantee that such efforts will have the intended results. By contrast, any failure, or perceived failure, to pursue or conform to such policies, goals, or initiatives (including the manner in which we achieve some or any portion of our goals) within the timelines we announce, or at all, could adversely impact our reputation or business activities, including but not limited to potential enforcement actions or private litigation. As ESG best practices, reporting standards and regulatory requirements continue to develop, we may incur increasing costs related to ESG monitoring and reporting. Such ESG matters may also impact our suppliers and customers, which may compound or cause new impacts on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 40 
 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 We may be unable to establish, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights or prevent third parties from making unauthorized use of our technology. 
 Our business depends on proprietary technology and content, including software, processes, databases, confidential information and know-how, the protection of which is crucial to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of trademark, patent, copyright, domain name and trade secret-protection laws, in addition to confidentiality agreements and other practices to protect our brands, proprietary information, technologies and processes. 
 Our most material trademark asset is the registered trademark GoodRx. Our trademarks are valuable assets that support our brand and consumers perception of our offerings. We also hold the rights to the goodrx.com internet domain name, which are subject to internet regulatory bodies and trademark and other related laws of each applicable jurisdiction. If we are unable to protect our trademarks or domain names in the United States or in other jurisdictions in which we may ultimately operate, our brand recognition and reputation would suffer, we would incur significant re-branding expenses and our operating results could be adversely impacted. As of December 31, 2022, we owned four issued patents and three pending patent applications in the United States. One issued patent relates to our ability to combine prices from multiple PBMs together in a single consumer interface. Our issued patents begin expiring in 2034, excluding any patent term adjustment. Our issued patents and those that may be issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, may be of limited territorial reach and may be held invalid or unenforceable if successfully challenged by third parties, and our patent applications may never be issued. Even if issued, there can be no assurance that these patents will adequately protect our intellectual property or survive a legal challenge, as the legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of patent and other intellectual property rights are uncertain. Our limited patent protection may restrict our ability to protect our technologies and processes from competition. It is also possible that third parties, including our competitors, may obtain patents relating to technologies that overlap or compete with our technology. If third parties obtain patent protection with respect to such technologies, they may assert that our technology infringes their patents and seek to charge us a licensing fee or otherwise preclude the use of our technology. 
 In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could delay the introduction and implementation of new technologies, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our software or injure our reputation. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Moreover, policing unauthorized use of our technologies, trade secrets and intellectual property may be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States and where mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be weak. If we fail to meaningfully establish, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We may be sued by third parties for infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation of their intellectual property or proprietary rights. 
 Internet, advertising and e-commerce companies frequently are subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violations of intellectual property rights. Some internet, advertising and e-commerce companies, including some of our competitors, as well as non-practicing entities, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, which they may use to assert claims against us. 
 Third parties have asserted, and may in the future assert, that we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights. 
 For instance, the use of our technology to provide our offerings could be challenged by claims that such use infringes, dilutes, misappropriates or otherwise violates the intellectual property rights of a third party. In addition, we may in the future be exposed to claims that content published or made available through our apps or websites violates third-party intellectual property rights. 
 As we face increasing competition and as a public company, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us grows. Such claims and litigation may involve patent holding companies or other adverse intellectual property rights holders who have no relevant product revenue, and therefore our own pending patents and other intellectual property rights 
 41 
 
 may provide little or no deterrence to these rights holders in bringing intellectual property rights claims against us. There may be intellectual property rights held by others, including issued or pending patents and trademarks, that cover significant aspects of our technologies, content, branding or business methods, and we cannot assure that we are not infringing or violating, and have not violated or infringed, any third-party intellectual property rights or that we will not be held to have done so or be accused of doing so in the future. We expect that we may receive in the future notices that claim we or our partners, or clients using our solutions and services, have misappropriated or misused other parties intellectual property rights, particularly as the number of competitors in our market grows and the functionality of applications amongst competitors overlaps. 
 Any claim that we have violated intellectual property or other proprietary rights of third parties, with or without merit, and whether or not it results in litigation, is settled out of court or is determined in our favor, could be time-consuming and costly to address and resolve, and could divert the time and attention of management and technical personnel from our business. Furthermore, an adverse outcome of a dispute may result in an injunction and could require us to pay substantial monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a party s intellectual property rights. Any settlement or adverse judgment resulting from such a claim could require us to enter into a licensing agreement to continue using the technology, content or other intellectual property that is the subject of the claim; restrict or prohibit our use of such technology, content or other intellectual property; require us to expend significant resources to redesign our technology or solutions; and require us to indemnify third parties. Royalty or licensing agreements, if required or desirable, may be unavailable on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may require significant royalty payments and other expenditures. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant time and expense. There also can be no assurance that we would be able to develop or license suitable alternative technology, content or other intellectual property to permit us to continue offering the affected technology, content or services to our partners. If we cannot develop or license technology for any allegedly infringing aspect of our business, we will be forced to limit our service and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these events could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to maintain, protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our business and results of operations. 
 We pursue the registration of our patentable technology, domain names, trademarks and service marks in the United States. We also strive to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights, as well as contractual restrictions. We typically enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information. However, we may not be successful in executing these agreements with every party who has access to our confidential information or contributes to the development of our technology or intellectual property rights. Those agreements that we do execute may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. These contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not prevent the misappropriation or disclosure of our proprietary information nor deter independent development of similar technology or intellectual property by others. 
 Effective trade secret, patent, copyright, trademark and domain name protection is expensive to obtain, develop and maintain, both in terms of initial and ongoing registration or prosecution requirements and expenses and the costs of defending our rights. We may, over time, increase our investment in protecting our intellectual property through additional patent filings that could be expensive and time-consuming. We do not know whether any of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of additional patents or whether the examination process will require us to narrow our claims or we may otherwise be unable to obtain patent protection for the technology covered in our pending patent applications. Our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. Moreover, any issued patents may not provide us with a competitive advantage and, as with any technology, competitors may be able to develop similar or superior technologies to our own, now or in the future. In addition, due to a recent U.S. Supreme Court case, it has become increasingly difficult to obtain and assert patents relating to software or business methods, as many such patents have been invalidated for being too abstract to constitute patent-eligible subject matter. We do not know whether this will affect our ability to obtain new patents on our innovations, or successfully assert our patents in litigation or pre-litigation campaigns. 
 Monitoring unauthorized use of the content on our apps and websites, and our other intellectual property and technology, is difficult and costly. Our efforts to protect our proprietary rights and intellectual property may not have been and may not be adequate to prevent their misappropriation or misuse. Third parties, including our competitors, could be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights. Third parties from time to time copy content or other intellectual property or technology from our solutions without authorization and seek to use it for their own benefit. We generally seek to address such unauthorized copying or use, but we have not always been successful in stopping all unauthorized use of our content or other intellectual property or technology, and may not be successful in doing so in the 
 42 
 
 future. Further, we may not have been and may not be able to detect unauthorized use of our technology or intellectual property, or to take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights. Any inability to meaningfully enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our ability to compete and reduce demand for our solutions and services. Our competitors may also independently develop similar technology. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every jurisdiction in which our solutions or technology are hosted or available. Further, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. The laws in the United States and elsewhere change rapidly, and any future changes could adversely affect us and our intellectual property. Our failure to meaningfully protect our intellectual property rights could result in competitors offering solutions that incorporate our most technologically advanced features, which could reduce demand for our solutions. 
 We may find it necessary or appropriate to initiate claims or litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of intellectual property rights claimed by others. In any lawsuit we bring to enforce our intellectual property rights, a court may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on grounds that our intellectual property rights do not cover the use or technology in question. Further, in such proceedings, the defendant could counterclaim that our intellectual property is invalid or unenforceable and the court may agree, in which case we could lose valuable intellectual property rights. Litigation is inherently uncertain and any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. If we fail to maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property, our business and results of operations may be harmed. 
 We may be unable to continue the use of our trademarks, trade names or domain names, or prevent third parties from acquiring and using trademarks, trade names and domain names that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of our brands, trademarks or service marks. 
 The registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names that we own may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic, lapsed or determined to be infringing on or dilutive of other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights in these trademarks and trade names, which we need in order to build name recognition with potential consumers and partners. In addition, third parties have filed, and may in the future file, for registration of trademarks similar or identical to our trademarks, which, if obtained, may impede our ability to build brand identity and possibly lead to market confusion. If they succeed in registering or developing common law rights in such trademarks, and if we are not successful in challenging such third-party rights, we may not be able to use these trademarks to develop brand recognition of our technologies, solutions or services. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. If we are unable to establish or protect our trademarks and trade names, or if we are unable to build name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively, which could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We have registered domain names for our websites that we use in our business. If we lose the ability to use a domain name, whether due to trademark claims, failure to renew the applicable registration, or any other cause, we may be forced to market our solutions under a new domain name, which could cause us substantial harm, or to incur significant expense in order to purchase rights to the domain name in question. In addition, our competitors and others could attempt to capitalize on our brand recognition by using domain names similar to ours. Domain names similar to ours have been registered in the United States and elsewhere. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain names that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of our brands, trademarks or service marks. Protecting and enforcing our rights in our domain names may require litigation, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention. 
 ICANN (the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers), the international authority over top-level domain names, has been increasing the number of generic top-level domains TLDs ). This may allow companies or individuals to create new web addresses that appear to the right of the dot in a web address, beyond such long-standing TLDs as .com, .org and .gov. ICANN may also add additional TLDs in the future. As a result, we may be unable to maintain exclusive rights to all potentially relevant or desirable domain names in the United States, which may harm our business. Furthermore, attempts may be made by third parties to register our trademarks as new TLDs or as domain names within new TLDs, and we may be required to enforce our rights against such registration attempts, which could result in significant expense and the diversion of management s attention. 
 43 
 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 We rely heavily on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect our unpatented know-how, technology, and other proprietary information, including our technology platform, and to maintain our competitive position. With respect to our technology platform, we consider trade secrets and know-how to be one of our primary sources of intellectual property. However, trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect these trade secrets and other proprietary technology, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside contractors, consultants, advisors, and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. The confidentiality agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and, in the case of agreements or clauses containing invention assignment, to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through a relationship with employees or third parties. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary information, including our technology and processes. Despite these efforts, no assurance can be given that the confidentiality agreements we enter into will be effective in controlling access to such proprietary information and trade secrets. The confidentiality agreements on which we rely to protect certain technologies may be breached, may not be adequate to protect our confidential information, trade secrets and proprietary technologies and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, trade secrets or proprietary technology. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors or others from independently developing the same or similar technologies and processes, which may allow them to provide a service similar or superior to ours, which could harm our competitive position. 
 Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, it could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Issued patents covering our offerings could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. 
 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability. Some of our patents or patent applications (including licensed patents) have been, are being or may be challenged at a future point in time in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review IPR ), post-grant review or interference. Any successful third-party challenge to our patents in this or any other proceeding could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of such patents, which may lead to increased competition to our business, which could harm our business. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, regardless of the outcome, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future offering candidates. 
 We utilize open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software and solutions. 
 We use open source software in our solutions and will use open source software in the future. Companies that incorporate open source software into their solutions have, from time to time, faced claims challenging the use of open source software and compliance with open source license terms. Some licenses governing the use of open source software contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open source software, and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of a particular open source license or other license granting third parties certain rights of further use. By the terms of certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software, and to make our proprietary software available under open source licenses to third parties at no cost, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in certain manners. Although we monitor our use of open source software, we cannot assure you that all open source software is reviewed prior to use in our solutions, that our developers have not incorporated open source software into our solutions, or that they will not do so in the future. Additionally, the terms of many open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts. There is a risk that open source software licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market or provide our solutions. Companies that incorporate open source software into their products have, in the past, faced claims seeking enforcement of open source license provisions and claims asserting ownership of open source software incorporated into their product. If an author or other third party that distributes such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of an open source license, we could incur significant legal costs defending ourselves against such allegations. In the event such claims were successful, we could be subject to significant damages or be enjoined from the distribution of our software. In addition, the terms of open source software licenses may require us to provide software that we develop using such open source software to others on unfavorable license terms. As a result of our current or future use of open 
 44 
 
 source software, we may face claims or litigation, be required to release our proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer our solutions, discontinue making our solutions available in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action. Any such re-engineering or other remedial efforts could require significant additional research and development resources, and we may not be able to successfully complete any such re-engineering or other remedial efforts. Further, in addition to risks related to license requirements, use of certain open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of software. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under license or technology agreements with third parties, we may be required to pay damages and we could lose license rights that are critical to our business. 
 We license certain intellectual property, including technologies and software from third parties, that is important to our business, and in the future we may enter into additional agreements that provide us with licenses to valuable intellectual property or technology. If we fail to comply with any of the obligations under our license agreements, we may be required to pay damages and the licensor may have the right to terminate the license. Termination by the licensor would cause us to lose valuable rights, and could prevent us from selling our solutions and services, or adversely impact our ability to commercialize future solutions and services. Our business would suffer if any current or future licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensors fail to enforce licensed patents against infringing third parties, if the licensed intellectual property are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. In addition, our rights to certain technologies are licensed to us on a non-exclusive basis. The owners of these non-exclusively licensed technologies are therefore free to license them to third parties, including our competitors, on terms that may be superior to those offered to us, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Moreover, our licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing or otherwise violating the licensor s rights. In addition, the agreements under which we license intellectual property or technology from third parties are generally complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement. Any of the foregoing could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Risks Related to the Healthcare Industry 
 We may be subject to state and federal fraud and abuse and other healthcare regulatory laws and regulations. If we or our commercial partners act in a manner that violates such laws or otherwise engage in misconduct, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties as well as exclusion from government healthcare programs. 
 Although the consumers who use our offerings do so outside of any medication or other health benefits covered under their health insurance, including any commercial or government healthcare program, we may nonetheless be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by both the U.S. federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. These laws impact, among other things, our sales, marketing, support and education programs and constrain our business and financial arrangements and relationships with pharmacies, PBMs, pharma manufacturers, marketing partners, healthcare professionals and consumers, and include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or paying any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order, or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of, any item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

the U.S. federal physician self referral law, or the Stark Law, which, subject to limited exceptions, prohibits physicians from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to an entity for the provision of certain designated health services, or DHS, which includes outpatient prescription drugs, if the physician or a member of such physician s immediate family has a direct or indirect financial relationship (including an ownership interest or a compensation arrangement) with the entity, and prohibits the entity from billing Medicare or Medicaid for such DHS. Unlike the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark Law is violated if the financial arrangement does not meet an applicable exception, regardless of any intent by the parties to induce or reward referrals or the reasons for the financial relationship and the referral; 

the U.S. federal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act (which can be enforced through qui tam, or whistleblower actions, by private citizens on behalf of the federal government), which prohibits any person from, 

45 
 
 among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented false or fraudulent claims for payment of government funds or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to an obligation to pay money to the government or knowingly and improperly avoiding, decreasing or concealing an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute or Stark Law constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; 

HIPAA imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services by a healthcare benefit program, which includes both government and privately funded benefits programs. Similar to the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits, among other things, the offer or transfer of remuneration, including waivers of copayments and deductible amounts (or any part thereof), to a Medicare or state healthcare program beneficiary if the person knows or should know it is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider, practitioner or supplier of services reimbursable by a state or federal healthcare program; 

federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate platform activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and 

state laws and regulations, including state anti-kickback, self-referral and false claims laws, that may apply to our business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers and self-pay patients. 

To enforce compliance with healthcare regulatory laws, certain enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and referral sources, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Responding to investigations can be time- and resource-consuming and can divert management s attention from the business. Additionally, as a result of these investigations, entities may also have to agree to additional compliance and reporting requirements as part of a consent decree, non-prosecution or corporate integrity agreement. Any such investigation or settlements could increase our costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. Even an unsuccessful challenge or investigation into our practices could cause adverse publicity and be costly to respond. 
 The shifting commercial compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with different compliance or reporting requirements in multiple jurisdictions increase the possibility that a healthcare company may fail to comply fully with one or more of these requirements. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities may conclude that our business practices, including, without limitation, our revenue sharing arrangements with our partners, arrangements with entities that provide us with rebate administrative services, and other sales and marketing practices, do not comply with applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations or guidance. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and additional oversight and reporting requirements if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any of the pharmacies, PBMs, pharma manufacturers, marketing partners or other entities with whom we do business is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to the same criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs. 
 We provide pricing information and discounted prices for all FDA-approved medications, including products that are regulated under federal and state law as controlled substances. Controlled substances are subject to more onerous regulatory requirements than other pharmaceutical products and have received increasing legal scrutiny in recent years, which will likely continue into the future. Regulatory or legal developments that have the effect of lowering the sales of controlled substances may have a negative impact on our business. 
 46 
 
 Our telehealth offering offered to consumers is subject to laws, rules and policies governing the practice of medicine and medical board oversight. 
 Our ability to provide our telehealth offering in each state is dependent upon the state s treatment of telehealth, such as the permissibility of asynchronous store-and-forward telehealth, under such state s laws, rules and policies governing the practice of medicine, which are subject to changing political, regulatory and other influences. Some state medical boards have established rules or interpreted existing rules in a manner that limits or restricts our ability to conduct or optimize our business. 
 Our telehealth offering grants patients the ability to access our third-party partners' network of clinicians to see a board-certified medical professional for advice, diagnosis and treatment of routine health conditions on a remote basis. Due to the nature of this service and the provision of medical care and treatment by board-certified medical professionals, we, our third-party partners and any affiliated physicians and healthcare professionals are and may in the future be subject to complaints, inquiries and compliance orders by national and state medical boards. Such complaints, inquiries or compliance orders may result in disciplinary actions taken by these medical boards against the licensed physicians who provide services through our telehealth offering, which could include suspension, restriction or revocation of the physician s medical license, probation, required continuing medical education courses, monetary fines, administrative actions and other conditions. Regardless of outcome, these complaints, inquiries or compliance orders could have an adverse impact on our telehealth offering and our platform generally due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, reputational harm and other factors. 
 Due to the uncertain regulatory environment, certain states may determine that we or our third-party partners are in violation of their laws and regulations or such laws and regulations may change. In the event that we must remedy such violations, we may be required to modify our offerings in such states in a manner that undermines our offerings or business, we may become subject to fines or other penalties or, if we determine that the requirements to operate in compliance in such states are overly burdensome, we may elect to terminate our operations in such states. In each case, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 In our telehealth offering, we are dependent on our relationships with affiliated professional entities, which we do not own and principally supported by our arrangement with Wheel, to provide healthcare services, and our business would be adversely affected if those relationships were disrupted. 
 Our contractual relationships with our affiliated healthcare professionals providing telehealth services principally supported by Wheel's technology and network of clinicians, our platform that enables GoodRx Care consumers to opt in to use our prescription transactions offering, and GoodRx Care s platform where consumers can access mail delivery to fill their prescriptions may implicate certain state laws in the United States that generally prohibit non-physician entities from practicing medicine, exercising control over physicians or engaging in certain practices such as fee-splitting with physicians. Although we believe that we have structured our arrangements to ensure that the healthcare professionals maintain exclusive authority regarding the delivery of medical care and prescription of medications when clinically appropriate, there can be no assurance that these laws will be interpreted in a manner consistent with our practices or that other laws or regulations will not be enacted in the future that could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Regulatory authorities, state medical boards of medicine, state attorneys general and other parties, including our affiliated healthcare professionals, may assert that, despite the management service agreement and other arrangements through which we operate, we are engaged in the prohibited corporate practice of medicine, and/or that our arrangements with our affiliated professional entities constitute unlawful fee-splitting. If a state s prohibition on the corporate practice of medicine or fee-splitting law is interpreted in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices, we would be required to restructure or terminate our relationship with our affiliated professional entities to bring its activities into compliance with such laws. A determination of non-compliance, or the termination of or failure to successfully restructure these relationships could result in disciplinary action, penalties, damages, fines, and/or a loss of revenue, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. State corporate practice of medicine doctrines and fee-splitting prohibitions also often impose penalties on healthcare professionals for aiding the corporate practice of medicine, which could discourage physicians and other healthcare professionals from participating in our network of providers. 
 The impact of recent healthcare reform legislation and other changes in the healthcare industry and in healthcare spending on us is currently unknown, but may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our revenue is dependent on the healthcare industry and could be affected by changes in healthcare spending and policy. The healthcare industry is subject to changing political, regulatory and other influences. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Healthcare and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the ACA ), 
 47 
 
 enacted in March 2010, made major changes in how healthcare is delivered and reimbursed, and increased access to health insurance benefits to the uninsured and underinsured population of the United States. The ACA, among other things, required manufacturers to participate in a coverage gap discount program, under which they must agree to offer 70 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand medications to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient medications to be covered under Medicare Part D, increased the number of individuals with Medicaid and private insurance coverage, implemented reimbursement policies that tie payment to quality, facilitated the creation of accountable care organizations that may use capitation and other alternative payment methodologies, strengthened enforcement of fraud and abuse laws and encouraged the use of information technology. 
 Since its enactment, there have been judicial, U.S. congressional and executive branch challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Thus, the ACA will remain in effect in its current form. 
 In addition, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which pharma manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several U.S. congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to medication pricing, reduce the cost of prescription medications under government payor programs, and review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs. Most significantly, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA into law. This statute marks the most significant action by Congress with respect to the pharmaceutical industry since adoption of the ACA in 2010. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates on manufacturers under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). In addition, the IRA delayed the final rule removing safe harbor protection for price reductions given by pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either directly or through PBMs, unless the price reduction is required by law, until 2032. The IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. For that and other reasons, it is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated, and while the impact of the IRA on the pharmaceutical industry and our business cannot yet be fully determined, it may be significant. Further, Congress and the Biden administration are likely to continue to scrutinize key participants in the healthcare industry, including PBMs. 
 Individual states in the United States have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control medication pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access, disclosure, transparency and reporting requirements to regulatory agencies regarding marketing costs and discounts provided to patients, such as those provided through our prescription transactions offering and subscription offerings, for prescription medications dispensed by pharmacies, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, the Supreme Court held in December 2020 in Rutledge v. Pharmaceutical Care Management that ERISA, a federal statute, did not preempt an Arkansas state law that regulates PBM reimbursements to network pharmacies and other standards for PBMs reimbursements to network pharmacies. As a result of this holding, some states have passed, and other states may pass similar legislation or may otherwise attempt to regulate PBMs, which could have impacts on the healthcare industry. 
 We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could impact the amounts that federal and state governments and other third-party payors will pay for healthcare products and services or require us to restructure our existing arrangements with PBMs and pharma manufacturers, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 48 
 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure, including Agreements and Relationships with Significant Stockholders 
 The dual class structure of our common stock may adversely affect the trading market for our Class A common stock. 
 We cannot predict whether our dual class structure will result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A common stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with dual class or multi-class share structures in certain of their indexes. In July 2017, S P Dow Jones and FTSE Russell announced changes to their eligibility criteria for the inclusion of shares of public companies on certain indices, including the Russell 2000, the S P 500, the S P MidCap 400 and the S P SmallCap 600, to exclude companies with multiple classes of shares of common stock from being added to these indices. Beginning in 2017, MSCI, a leading stock index provider, opened public consultations on their treatment of no-vote and multi-class structures and temporarily barred new multi-class listings from certain of its indices; however, in October 2018, MSCI announced its decision to include equity securities with unequal voting structures in its indices and to launch a new index that specifically includes voting rights in its eligibility criteria. As a result, our dual class capital structure makes us ineligible for inclusion in any of these indices, and mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track these indices will not be investing in our stock. These policies are still fairly new and it is as of yet unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the valuations of publicly traded companies excluded from the indices, but it is possible that they may depress these valuations compared to those of other similar companies that are included. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that other stock indices will not take a similar approach to S P Dow Jones or FTSE Russell in the future. Exclusion from indices could make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors and, as a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 The parties to our stockholders agreement, who hold a significant portion of our Class B common stock, control the direction of our business and such parties ownership of our common stock prevents you and other stockholders from influencing significant decisions. 
 The holders of our Class B common stock, including the parties to our stockholders agreement, who also hold a significant portion of our Class B common stock, own approximately 97.4 of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock, with each share of Class A common stock entitling the holder to one vote and each share of Class B common stock entitling the holder to 10 votes, until the earlier of, (i) the first date on which the aggregate number of outstanding shares of our Class B common stock ceases to represent at least 10 of the aggregate number of our outstanding shares of common stock and (ii) September 25, 2027, on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Moreover, the parties to our stockholders agreement, who also hold Class A and Class B common stock, own 96.1 of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock. Additionally, we expect to issue additional shares of Class B common stock in the future, including up to an additional 19.3 million shares of Class B common stock issuable in connection with the grant of restricted stock unit awards relating to an aggregate of 12.3 million shares of Class B common stock to each of our Co-Chief Executive Officers in connection with our IPO (the Founders Awards ). In addition, we have agreed to nominate to our board of directors individuals designated by Silver Lake, Francisco Partners, Spectrum and Idea Men, LLC in accordance with our stockholders agreement. Silver Lake, Francisco Partners, Spectrum and Idea Men, LLC each retain the right to designate directors for so long as they beneficially own at least 5 of the aggregate number of shares of common stock outstanding. Even when the parties to our stockholders agreement cease to own shares of our stock representing a majority of the total voting power, for so long as the parties to our stockholders agreement continue to own a significant percentage of our stock, particularly our Class B common stock, they will still be able to significantly influence or effectively control the composition of our board of directors and the approval of actions requiring stockholder approval through their voting power. Accordingly, for such period of time, the parties to our stockholders agreement will have significant influence with respect to our management, business plans and policies. In particular, for so long as the parties to our stockholders agreement continue to own a significant percentage of our stock, particularly our Class B common stock, the parties to our stockholders agreement may be able to cause or prevent a change of control of our company or a change in the composition of our board of directors, and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of our company. The concentration of ownership could deprive investors of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares of Class A common stock as part of a sale of our company and ultimately might affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 49 
 
 Further, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to the parties to our stockholders agreement or their affiliates (other than us and our subsidiaries), and any of their respective principals, members, directors, partners, stockholders, officers, employees or other representatives (other than any such person who is also our employee or an employee of our subsidiaries), or any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our subsidiaries. 
 Substantial future sales by the parties to our stockholders agreement or other holders of our common stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, could depress the price of our Class A common stock. 
 The parties to our stockholders agreement collectively own 78.7 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Subject to the restrictions described in the paragraph below, future sales of these shares are subject to the volume and other restrictions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act for so long as such parties are deemed to be our affiliates, unless the shares to be sold are registered with the SEC. These stockholders are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares. We are unable to predict with certainty whether or when such parties will sell a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock. The sale by the parties to our stockholders agreement of a substantial number of shares, or a perception that such sales could occur, could significantly reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 We anticipate incurring substantial stock-based compensation expense and incurring substantial obligations related to the vesting and settlement of restricted stock units RSUs granted in connection with and after our IPO, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and may result in substantial dilution. 
 In connection with our IPO, in September 2020, each of our Co-Chief Executive Officers were granted (i) 8.2 million RSUs that vest based on the achievement of certain stock price goals, subject to continued employment through the applicable vesting date (the Performance-Vesting Founders Awards and (ii) 4.1 million RSUs that vest in equal quarterly installments over four years, subject to continued employment through the applicable vesting date (the Time-Vesting Founders Awards and, together with the Performance-Vesting Founders Awards, the Founders Awards ). The grant date fair value of the Founders Awards was 533.3 million. All of the stock price goals with respect to the Performance-Vesting Founders Awards were achieved in October 2020; see Note 15 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. In light of the large number of RSUs subject to the Founders Awards, we have incurred and anticipate that we will incur substantial additional stock-based compensation and expend substantial funds to satisfy tax withholding and remittance obligations. As a result of the Founders Awards, and the Performance-Vesting Founders Awards in particular, a large number of shares of our Class B common stock are expected to be issued in 2023. On the settlement dates for the RSUs, we withhold shares and remit income taxes on behalf of the holders of such Founders Awards at applicable statutory rates as provided by the agreements governing the Founders Awards, which we refer to as net settlement. As an employee earns compensation, both the employer and the employee are liable for some portion of Social Security taxes and Medicare taxes (collectively referred to as FICA taxes) on the compensation. FICA taxes are generally due in the period when the substantial risk of forfeiture lapses. As there is no risk of forfeiture after the Performance-Vesting Founders Awards vested in October 2020, we settled 0.7 million RSUs at that time sufficient to satisfy FICA tax withholding obligations due in the year of vesting. As stipulated in the agreements governing the Founders Awards, the remaining 15.7 million Performance-Vesting Founders Awards shares will be settled three years from the applicable vesting date, or October 2023, or earlier upon a change in control event, as defined in the agreements governing the Founders Awards. 
 Assuming an approximate 47 income tax withholding rate and stock price in the range of 5.00 to 10.00 per share at settlement for the remaining 15.7 million shares underlying the Performance-Vesting Founders Awards, we estimate that our cash obligation on behalf of our Co-Founders to the relevant tax authorities to satisfy income tax withholding obligations would be approximately in the range of 36.9 million to 73.8 million, and we would deliver an aggregate of approximately 8.3 million shares of our Class B common stock to net settle these awards, after withholding an aggregate of approximately 7.4 million shares of our Class B common stock. The actual amount of the income tax obligations and the number of shares to be delivered could be higher or lower, depending on the price of our Class A common stock upon settlement and the applicable income tax withholding rates then in effect. We also anticipate expending substantial funds to satisfy tax withholding and remittance obligations for other equity awards granted to our employees as they vest over time. 
 We are, and may become in the future, subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in or outside the ordinary course of business, which may require significant management time and attention, result in significant 
 50 
 
 legal expenses and may result in unfavorable outcomes, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition, and negatively affect the price of our Class A common stock. 
 We are, and may in the future become, subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in or outside the ordinary course of business. The results of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Lawsuits and other administrative or legal proceedings that may arise in the course of our operations can involve substantial costs, including the costs associated with investigation, litigation and possible settlement, judgment, penalty or fine. In addition, lawsuits and other legal proceedings may be time consuming to defend or prosecute and may require a commitment of management and personnel resources that will be diverted from our normal business operations. Also, our insurance coverage may be insufficient, our assets may be insufficient to cover any amounts that exceed our insurance coverage, and we may have to pay damage awards or otherwise may enter into settlement arrangements in connection with such claims. Moreover, we may be unable to continue to maintain our existing insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all, or to secure additional coverage, which may result in costs associated with lawsuits and other legal proceedings being uninsured. Any such payments or settlement arrangements in current or future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. Even if the plaintiffs claims are not successful, current or future litigation could result in substantial costs and significantly and adversely impact our reputation and divert management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition, and negatively affect the price of our Class A common stock. In addition, such lawsuits may make it more difficult to finance our operations. 
 We are a controlled company under the corporate governance rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market and, as a result, qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 Certain affiliates of Silver Lake, Francisco Partners, Spectrum and Idea Men, LLC own approximately 96.1 of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock and are parties, among others, to a stockholders agreement. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market rules. Under these rules, a listed company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including: 
 the requirement that a majority of its board of directors consist of independent directors; 

the requirement that its director nominations be made, or recommended to the full board of directors, by its independent directors or by a nominations committee that is comprised entirely of independent directors and that it adopt a written charter or board resolution addressing the nominations process; and 

the requirement that it have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

We do not intend to rely on all of these exemptions. However, as long as we remain a controlled company, we may elect in the future to take advantage of any of these exemptions. As a result of any such election, our board of directors would not have a majority of independent directors, our compensation committee would not consist entirely of independent directors and our directors would not be nominated or selected by independent directors, as applicable. Accordingly, investors do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market rules. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following: 
 amendments to certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amendments to our amended and restated bylaws generally require the approval of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock; 

our dual class common stock structure, which provides certain affiliates of Silver Lake, Francisco Partners, Spectrum, Idea Men, LLC and our Co-Founders, individually or together, with the ability to significantly influence the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding Class A common stock and Class B common stock; 

our staggered board; 

51 
 
 at any time when the holders of our Class B common stock no longer beneficially own, in the aggregate, at least the majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock, our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and will not be able to take action by written consent for any matter; 

our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting; 

vacancies on our board of directors are able to be filled only by our board of directors and not by stockholders, subject to the rights granted pursuant to the stockholders agreement; 

a special meeting of our stockholders may only be called by the chairperson of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer or our Co-Chief Executive Officers, as applicable, or a majority of our board of directors; 

restrict the forum for certain litigation against us to Delaware or the federal courts, as applicable; 

our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without further action by our stockholders; and 

advance notice procedures apply for stockholders (other than the parties to our stockholders agreement) to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders. 

In addition, we have opted out of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, but our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder (any entity or person who, together with that entity s or person s affiliates and associates, owns or within the previous three years owned, 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock) for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder is prohibited, provided, however, that, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the parties to our stockholders agreement and any of their respective affiliates are not deemed to be interested stockholders regardless of the percentage of our outstanding voting stock owned by them, and accordingly are not subject to such restrictions. 
 These provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Class A common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity does not apply with respect to certain parties to our stockholders agreement and any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our subsidiaries. 
 The doctrine of corporate opportunity generally provides that a corporate fiduciary may not develop an opportunity using corporate resources, acquire an interest adverse to that of the corporation or acquire property that is reasonably incident to the present or prospective business of the corporation or in which the corporation has a present or expectancy interest, unless that opportunity is first presented to the corporation and the corporation chooses not to pursue that opportunity. The doctrine of corporate opportunity is intended to preclude officers or directors or other fiduciaries from personally benefiting from opportunities that belong to the corporation. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity does not apply with respect to the parties to our stockholders agreement or their affiliates (other than us and our subsidiaries), and any of their respective principals, members, directors, partners, stockholders, officers, employees or other representatives (other than any such person who is also our employee or an employee of our subsidiaries), or any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our subsidiaries. SLP Geology Aggregator, L.P., Francisco Partners IV, L.P., Francisco Partners IV-A, L.P., Spectrum Equity VII, L.P., Spectrum VII Investment Managers Fund, L.P., Spectrum VII Co-Investment Fund, L.P. and Idea Men, LLC or their affiliates and any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our subsidiaries, therefore, have no duty to communicate or present corporate opportunities to us, and have the right to either hold any corporate opportunity for their (and their affiliates own account and benefit or to recommend, assign or otherwise transfer such corporate opportunity to persons other than us, including to any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our subsidiaries. As a result, certain of our stockholders, directors and their respective affiliates are not prohibited from operating or investing in competing businesses. We, therefore, may find ourselves in competition with certain of our stockholders, directors or their respective affiliates, and we may not have knowledge of, or be able to pursue, transactions that could potentially be beneficial to us. Accordingly, we may lose a corporate opportunity or suffer competitive harm, which could negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters and the federal district courts of the United 
 52 
 
 States is the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we otherwise consent in writing, (A) (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws (as either may be amended or restated) or as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers exclusive jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the State of Delaware; and (B) the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exclusive forum provision shall not apply to claims seeking to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Moreover, the terms of our existing debt agreements restrict our ability to pay dividends, and any additional debt we may incur in the future may include similar restrictions. In addition, Delaware law may impose requirements that may restrict our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock. As a result, stockholders must rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 We are a holding company and depend on our subsidiaries for cash to fund operations and expenses, including future dividend payments, if any. 
 We are a holding company that does not conduct any business operations of our own. As a result, we are largely dependent upon cash distributions and other transfers from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations and to make future dividend payments, if any. We do not currently expect to declare or pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future; however, the agreements governing the indebtedness of our subsidiaries impose restrictions on our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends or other distributions to us. The deterioration of the earnings from, or other available assets of, our subsidiaries for any reason could impair their ability to make distributions to us. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We may be unable to accurately forecast revenue and appropriately plan our expenses in the future. 
 We base our current and future expense levels on our operating forecasts and estimates of future income. Income and results of operations are difficult to forecast because they generally depend on the number and timing of our consumers using our platform, signing up for a subscription or using the services provided by our telehealth platform, as well as pharma manufacturers' spending patterns, which are uncertain. Additionally, our business is affected by general economic and business conditions around the world, including the impact of COVID-19. A softening in income, whether caused by changes in consumer preferences or a weakening in global economies, may result in decreased revenue levels, and we may be unable to adjust our spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected shortfall in income. This inability could result in lower net income or greater net loss in a given quarter than expected. 
 53 
 
 We may experience fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective income tax rate, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. Tax laws, regulations and administrative practices in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without advance notice, due to economic, political and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our effective income tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, such as changes in tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles and interpretations, the mix and level of earnings in a given taxing jurisdiction or our ownership or capital structures. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, enacted in August 2022, imposes a minimum tax on certain corporations with book income of at least 1 billion (subject to certain adjustments) and an excise tax on certain stock buybacks and similar corporate actions, and we could become subject to such taxes in the future. 
 We may need additional capital in the future, which may not be available to us on favorable terms, or at all, and may dilute your ownership of our Class A common stock. 
 We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional capital to fund and support our business, to respond to competitive challenges or take advantage of strategic opportunities. Accordingly, we may require additional capital from equity or debt financing in the future and may not be able to secure timely additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. The terms of any additional financing may place limits on our financial and operating flexibility, including our ability to issue or repurchase equity, develop new or enhanced existing offerings, complete acquisitions or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities. If we raise additional funds or finance acquisitions through further issuances of equity, convertible debt securities or other securities convertible into equity, you and our other stockholders could suffer significant dilution in your percentage ownership of our company, and any new securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. If we raise additional funds through debt financing, such financing could impose restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital or to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, if and when we require it, including as a result of the disruption to the capital and debt markets caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or a similar pandemic, our ability to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. 
 Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our platform or features of our platform and offerings. 
 There are a number of changes to the patent laws that may have a significant impact on our ability to protect our technology and enforce our intellectual property rights. For example, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the AIA ), enacted in September 2011, resulted in significant changes in patent legislation. An important change introduced by the AIA is that, as of March 16, 2013, the United States transitioned from a first-to-invent to a first-to-file system for deciding which party should be granted a patent when two or more patent applications are filed by different parties claiming the same invention. Under a first-to-file system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to a patent on the invention regardless of whether another inventor had made the invention earlier. A third party that files a patent application in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO after that date but before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we made the invention before it was made by the third party. Circumstances could prevent us from promptly filing patent applications on our inventions. The AIA also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and also may affect patent litigation. These include allowing third party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, IPR and derivation proceedings. 
 There are also a number of changes to the patent laws being considered that, if enacted, may have a significant impact on our ability to protect our technology and enforce our intellectual property rights. For example, the Senate Judiciary Committee s Subcommittee on Intellectual Property in 2019 held hearings on expanding the test for patent definiteness under Section 112(f) of the Patent Act to combat the assertion of overbroad claims. Such changes could result in a diminished value for issued patents which properly captured the scope entitled to them as of the time of examination, but might fail the new test if it is enacted. Alternatively, the USPTO could decide to strengthen its examination under Section 112(f), leading to fewer issuing patents or patents issuing with more limited scope. 
 There are also legislative discussions regarding the changing of rules relating to post-grant review of patents through IPR or covered business method CBM review. For example, current case law holds that the Patent Trial and Appeal Board 
 54 
 
 PTAB has the sole authority to determine whether to institute an IPR or CBM, and such decision is unreviewable on appeal. Efforts to amend the law to allow appellate review of PTAB institution decisions could result in an increase of institution as a result of such appellate review, and a corresponding increase in invalidation through these processes. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in PTAB proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in U.S. federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a PTAB proceeding sufficient for the PTAB to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the PTAB procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action, and legislative attempts to make it easier to appeal successful patent-holder results could diminish the value of patents. 
 In addition, the patent position of companies engaged in the development and commercialization of software and internet e-commerce is particularly uncertain. Various courts, including the Supreme Court have rendered decisions that affect the scope of patentability of certain inventions or discoveries relating to certain software and business method patents. These decisions state, among other things, that a patent claim that recites an abstract idea, natural phenomenon or law of nature is not itself patentable. Precisely what constitutes a law of nature or abstract idea is uncertain, and it is possible that certain aspects of our software or business methods would be considered abstract ideas. Accordingly, the evolving case law in the United States may adversely affect our ability to obtain patents and may facilitate third-party challenges to any owned or licensed patents. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and we may encounter difficulties in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of many other countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to software, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents in such countries. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. 
 We may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 We may also be required to protect our proprietary technology and content in an increasing number of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and may not be successful, or which we may not pursue in every location. Filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending, and enforcing intellectual property rights on our solutions, services, and technologies in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. We do not own and have not registered or applied for intellectual property outside the United States. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained protection to develop their own solutions and services and, further, may export otherwise violating solutions and services to territories where we have protection but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These solutions and services may compete with our solutions and services, and our intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and many companies have encountered significant challenges in establishing and enforcing their proprietary rights outside of the United States. These challenges can be caused by the absence or inconsistency of the application of rules and methods for the establishment and enforcement of intellectual property rights outside of the United States. For instance, there is no uniform worldwide policy regarding patentable subject matter or the scope of claims allowable for business methods. As such, we do not know the degree of future protection that we will have on our technologies, products and services. 
 In addition, the legal systems of some countries, particularly developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of intellectual property protection, especially those relating to healthcare. This could make it difficult for us to stop the misappropriation or other violation of our other intellectual property rights. Accordingly, we may choose not to seek protection in certain countries, and we will not have the benefit of protection in such countries. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. In addition, changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate protection for our solutions, services and other technologies and the enforcement of intellectual property. Any of the foregoing could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants, or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 Many of our employees, consultants, and advisors are currently or were previously employed at other companies in our field, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants, and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that 
 55 
 
 we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual s current or former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Any of the foregoing could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we cannot license rights to use technologies on reasonable terms, we may not be able to commercialize new solutions or services in the future. 
 In the future, we may identify additional third-party intellectual property we may need to license in order to engage in our business, including to develop or commercialize new solutions or services. However, such licenses may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and several more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater development or commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. Even if such licenses are available, we may be required to pay the licensor substantial royalties based on sales of our solutions and services. Such royalties are a component of the cost of our solutions or services and may affect the margins on our solutions and services. In addition, such licenses may be non-exclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same intellectual property licensed to us. If we are unable to enter into the necessary licenses on acceptable terms or at all, if any necessary licenses are subsequently terminated, if our licensors fail to abide by the terms of the licenses, if our licensors fail to prevent infringement by third parties, or if the licensed intellectual property rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be affected. If licenses to third-party intellectual property rights are or become required for us to engage in our business, the rights may be non-exclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same technology or intellectual property rights licensed to us. Moreover, we could encounter delays and other obstacles in our attempt to develop alternatives. Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any of these licenses on favorable terms could prevent us from commercializing solutions and services, which could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, resulting in substantial losses for investors. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial conditions and results of operations; 

the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections; 

failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates or ratings by any securities analysts who follow our company or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, results of operations or capital commitments; 

changes in stock market valuations and operating performance of other healthcare and technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; 

changes in our board of directors or management; 

sales of large blocks of our Class A common stock, including sales by certain affiliates of Silver Lake, Francisco Partners, Spectrum, Idea Men, LLC, our Co-Founders or our executive officers and directors; 

56 
 
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us; 

anticipated or actual changes in laws, regulations or government policies applicable to our business; 

changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of debt or equity securities; 

short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions involving our capital stock; 

general economic conditions in the United States; 

other events or factors, including those resulting from war, pandemics (including COVID-19), incidents of terrorism or responses to these events; and 

the other factors described in this Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 

The stock market has recently experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. The market prices of securities of companies have experienced fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to their results of operations. Market fluctuations could result in extreme volatility in the price of shares of our Class A common stock, which could cause a decline in the value of your investment. Price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of shares of our Class A common stock is low. Furthermore, in the past, stockholders have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. Any similar litigation against us could result in substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources, and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 57 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 2. Pro perties. 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Santa Monica, California, where we lease approximately 74,000 square feet of space under a lease expiring in 2031. We also maintain smaller satellite offices across the United States, including in San Francisco, California, Charleston, South Carolina, Asheville, North Carolina, St. Louis, Missouri, New Albany, Ohio, Boca Raton, Florida and New York, New York. We believe that these facilities are sufficient for our current needs and that additional facilities will be available to accommodate the expansion of our business should they be needed. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 The information required under this Item 3 is set forth in Note 13 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this report and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 58 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 On September 23, 2020, our Class A common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol GDRX. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our common stock. There is no established public trading market for our Class B common stock. 
 Holders 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were 7 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 10 holders of record of our Class B common stock. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We are a holding company that does not conduct any business operations of our own. We will only be able to pay dividends from our available cash on hand and cash distributions and other transfers received from our subsidiaries, including GoodRx, Inc. and GoodRx Intermediate Holdings, LLC, whose ability to make any payments to us will depend upon many factors, including their operating results and cash flows. Additionally, our existing debt arrangements contain covenants restricting payments of dividends by our subsidiaries, including GoodRx, Inc., unless certain conditions are met. We have paid cash dividends on our capital stock in the past but cannot guarantee that we will continue to do so in the future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, business prospects, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchaser 
 We did not sell any equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 On February 23, 2022, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to an aggregate of 250.0 million of our Class A common stock through February 23, 2024. Repurchases may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, with the amount and timing to be determined at our discretion, depending on market conditions and corporate needs or under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Any repurchases are expected to be funded with our existing cash and cash equivalents, working capital, cash flows from operations, or funds available through various borrowing arrangements. There were no repurchases of our Class A common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased and retired 8.5 million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 101.7 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 148.3 million available for future repurchases of our Class A common stock under the repurchase program. For additional information, refer to Note 14 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 59 
 
 Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph depicts the total cumulative stockholder return on our Class A common stock from September 23, 2020, the first day of trading of our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, through December 31, 2022, relative to the performance of the Nasdaq Composite Index and the two industries we intersect, namely, the Dow Jones Internet Services Index and S P 500 Healthcare Index. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 at the close of trading on September 23, 2020 and that all dividends paid by companies included in these indices have been reinvested. The performance shown in the graph below is not intended to forecast or be indicative of future stock price performance. 

Use of Proceeds 
 On September 25, 2020, we completed our IPO. All shares sold were registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248465), as amended (the Registration Statement ), declared effective by the SEC on September 22, 2020. 
 There have been no material changes in the expected use of the net proceeds from our IPO as described in our Registration Statement. As of December 31, 2022, we estimated we had used approximately 244.4 million of the net proceeds from our IPO: (i) 164.4 million for the acquisition of businesses that complement our business and (ii) 80.0 million for the repurchases of our Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had 642.5 million of remaining net proceeds from our IPO which have been invested in investment grade, interest-bearing instruments. 
 Item 6. [Reserved.] 
 60 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 has been reported previously in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022, under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to help Americans get the healthcare they need at a price they can afford. To achieve this, we are building the leading consumer-focused digital healthcare platform in the United States. We believe our financial results reflect the significant market demand for our offerings and the value that we provide to the broader healthcare ecosystem; however, our financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been materially impacted by certain events that occurred during the year. 
 Late in the first quarter of 2022, a grocery chain took actions that impacted acceptance of discounted pricing for a subset of prescription drugs from PBMs, who are our customers, and whose pricing we promote on our platform grocer issue ). This had a material adverse impact on our prescription transactions revenue and Monthly Active Consumers, which was partially offset by our ability to shift certain prescription transactions to other retailers. Although the grocer issue was addressed in August 2022 and our discounted pricing has since been consistently welcomed at the point of sale by the grocery chain, it has and is expected to continue to have a sustained adverse impact on our prescription transactions revenue and Monthly Active Consumers in the future that may continue to be material due to uncertainty around consumer response to updated consumer pricing and the timing and extent of returning user levels. The estimated impact of the grocer issue on our prescription transactions revenue in 2022 was approximately 110.0 million to 120.0 million. We have not experienced, and are not aware, of PBM-pharmacy issues at any other large volume pharmacies, with the exception of the grocery chain described above, and we believe our pharmacy and PBM relationships remain strong. For additional information, please see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors We rely on a limited number of industry participants. 
 In addition to the above, but to a lesser extent, the acquisition of vitaCare Prescription Services, Inc. vitaCare in April 2022 also had a negative impact on our net loss, net loss margin, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin for the year ended December 31, 2022. vitaCare has a higher cost of revenue due to the operational nature of the business and has historically generated net losses and negative Adjusted EBITDA, which we expect will continue in the near to medium term. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Revenue grew 3 to 766.6 million from 745.4 million; 

Net loss and net loss margin were 32.8 million and 4.3 , respectively, compared to net loss and net loss margin of 25.3 million and 3.4 , respectively; and 

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin were 213.5 million and 27.8 , respectively, compared to 229.6 million and 30.8 , respectively. 

Revenue, net loss and net loss margin are financial measures prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, information about why we consider Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin useful and a discussion of the material risks and limitations of these measures, please see Key Financial and Operating Metrics Non-GAAP Financial Measures included within this Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 61 
 
 Impact of COVID-19 
 We believe COVID-19 continues to have an adverse impact on our prescription transactions offering due to the cumulative impact of lower healthcare utilization for almost three years since the pandemic began and continued improvement in future periods remains uncertain. Any decrease in the number of consumers seeking to fill prescriptions could negatively impact demand for and use of certain of our offerings, particularly our prescription and subscription offerings, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Seasonality 
 We typically experience stronger consumer demand during the first and fourth quarters of each year, which coincide with generally higher consumer healthcare spending, doctor office visits, annual benefit enrollment season, and seasonal cold and flu trends. In addition, we may experience stronger demand for our pharma manufacturer solutions offering during the fourth quarter of each year, which coincides with pharma manufacturers' annual budgetary spending patterns. This seasonality may impact revenue and sales and marketing expense. The grocer issue and the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may have masked these trends in recent periods and may continue to impact these trends in the future. 
 Key Financial and Operating Metrics 
 
 We use Monthly Active Consumers, subscription plans, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin to assess our performance, make strategic and offering decisions and build our financial projections. The number of Monthly Active Consumers and subscription plans are key indicators of the scale of our consumer base and a gauge for our marketing and engagement efforts. We believe these operating metrics reflect our scale, growth and engagement with consumers. 
 Monthly Active Consumers 
 Our Monthly Active Consumers include consumers we acquired through the acquisition of RxSaver, Inc. RxSaver ), acquired in April 2021, beginning in the third quarter of 2021. RxSaver Monthly Active Consumers are estimated due to incomplete consumer information. Monthly Active Consumers beginning with the second quarter of 2022 were impacted by the grocer issue. 

Three Months Ended 

December 31, 

September 30, 

June 30, 

March 31, 

December 31, 

September 30, 

June 30, 

March 31, 

(in millions) 
 
 2022 

2022 

2022 

2022 

2021 

2021 

2021 

2021 

Monthly Active Consumers 

5.9 

5.8 

5.8 

6.4 

6.4 

6.4 

6.0 

5.7 

Subscription Plans 
 Subscription plans in 2022 were impacted by a pricing increase for Gold subscribers that went into effect in the first half of 2022 and a sequential decline in our subscription plans for Kroger Savings as a result of reduced marketing spend in relation to that offering. We expect our subscription plans for Kroger Savings to continue to sequentially decline through July 2024, the expected sunset of the program. 

As of 

December 31, 

September 30, 

June 30, 

March 31, 

December 31, 

September 30, 

June 30, 

March 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2022 

2022 

2022 

2021 

2021 

2021 

2021 

Subscription plans 

1,030 

1,060 

1,133 

1,203 

1,210 

1,129 

1,051 

931 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are key measures we use to assess our financial performance and are also used for internal planning and forecasting purposes. We believe Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are helpful to investors, analysts and other interested parties because they can assist in providing a more consistent and comparable overview of our operations across our historical financial periods. In addition, these measures are frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate and assess performance. 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA for a particular period as net income or loss before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and as further adjusted, as applicable, for acquisition related expenses, stock-based compensation expense, payroll tax expense related to stock-based compensation, loss on extinguishment of debt, financing related expenses, loss on operating lease assets, restructuring related expenses, legal settlement expenses, charitable stock donation, gain on 
 62 
 
 sale of business and other income or expense, net. Adjusted EBITDA Margin represents Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP financial measures and are presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered as alternatives or substitutes to financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures have certain limitations in that they do not include the impact of certain expenses that are reflected in our consolidated statements of operations that are necessary to run our business. Other companies, including other companies in our industry, may not use these measures or may calculate these measures differently than as presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, to Adjusted EBITDA, and presents net loss margin, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, with Adjusted EBITDA Margin: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net loss 

(32,828) 

(25,254) 

Adjusted to exclude the following: 

Interest income 

(9,274) 

(59) 

Interest expense 

34,243 

23,642 

Income tax expense 

9,597 

15,077 

Depreciation and amortization 

54,177 

34,539 

Financing related expenses (1) 

20 

666 

Acquisition related expenses (2) 

26,486 

12,868 

Restructuring related expenses (3) 

6,273 

Legal settlement expenses (4) 

1,500 

Stock-based compensation expense 

120,234 

160,462 

Payroll tax expense related to stock-based compensation 

1,882 

6,260 

Loss on operating lease assets (5) 

12,569 

1,430 

Gain on sale of business (6) 

(11,404) 

Adjusted EBITDA 

213,475 

229,631 

Revenue 

766,554 

745,424 

Net loss margin (7) 

(4.3) 

(3.4) 

Adjusted EBITDA Margin 

27.8 

30.8 

(1) Financing related expenses include third party fees related to proposed financings. 

(2) Acquisition related expenses principally include costs for actual or planned acquisitions including related third party fees, legal, consulting and other expenditures, and as applicable, severance costs and retention bonuses to employees related to acquisitions and change in fair value of contingent consideration. Acquisition related expenses in 2022 also included similar transaction related costs for our sale of certain technology assets of GoodRx Care and a 18.1 million change in fair value of contingent consideration related to our vitaCare acquisition. 

(3) Restructuring related expenses include employee severance and other personnel related costs in connection with workforce optimization and organizational changes to better align with our strategic goals and future scale, substantially all of which related to a reduction in force approved by our board of directors in August 2022 involving approximately 140 employees of our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary GoodRx, Inc., representing approximately 16 of its workforce primarily in its technology-focused and marketing groups. 

(4) Legal settlement expenses represent the estimated accrual of the probable loss with respect to the Federal Trade Commission FTC negotiated settlement. See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

(5) Loss on operating lease assets represents losses incurred relating to the abandonment or sublease of certain leased office spaces and disposal of related capitalized costs. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

(6) Gain on sale of business represents the pre-tax gain recognized on the sale of certain technology assets of GoodRx Care, LLC, our telehealth platform. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

(7) Net loss margin represents net loss as a percentage of revenue. 

Components of our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Our revenue is primarily derived from prescription transactions revenue that is generated when pharmacies fill prescriptions for consumers, and from other revenue streams such as pharma manufacturer solutions, our subscription 
 63 
 
 offerings, and our telehealth offering. We expect pharma manufacturer solutions to continue to grow as a percentage of total revenue in the near to medium term as we continue to scale and expand available services, capabilities and platforms of our pharma manufacturer solutions offering. All of our revenue has been generated in the United States. 
 Prescription transactions revenue : Consists primarily of revenue generated from PBMs, or customers, when a prescription is filled with a GoodRx code provided through our platform. The majority of our contracts with PBMs provide for fees that represent a percentage of the fees that PBMs charge to the pharmacy, and a minority of our contracts provide for a fixed fee per transaction. Our percentage of fee contracts often also include a minimum fixed fee per transaction. We expect the revenue contribution from contracts with fixed fee arrangements to remain largely stable over the medium term, and do not expect that changes in revenue contribution from fixed fee versus percentage of fee arrangements will materially impact our revenue. Certain contracts also provide that the amount of fees we receive is based on the volume of prescriptions filled each month. 

Pharma manufacturer solutions revenue : Consists primarily of revenue generated from pharma manufacturers and other customers for advertising, including integrating onto our platform their affordability solutions to our consumers, and also from prescription transaction fees generated when pharmacies fill prescriptions for products sold by pharma manufacturers via our vitaCare pharmacy services solution. 

Subscription revenue : Consists of revenue from our Gold and Kroger Savings subscription offerings. 

Other revenue : Consists of revenue generated by our telehealth offering that allows consumers to access healthcare professionals online. 

Beginning in 2022, pharma manufacturer solutions revenue is presented separately from other revenue. Prior period amounts have been recast to conform with the current period transaction. 
 Costs and Operating Expenses 
 We incur the following expenses directly related to our cost of revenue and operating expenses: 
 Cost of revenue: Consists primarily of costs related to outsourced consumer support, healthcare provider costs, fulfillment costs for certain solutions provided to customers under our pharma manufacturer solutions offering, personnel costs including salaries, benefits, bonuses and stock-based compensation expense, for our consumer support employees, hosting and cloud costs, merchant account fees, processing fees and allocated overhead. Cost of revenue is largely driven by the growth of our visitor, subscriber and active consumer base, as well as our offering mix. Our cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue may vary based on the change in mix of our various offerings. 

Product development and technology: Consists primarily of personnel costs, including salaries, benefits, bonuses and stock-based compensation expense, for employees involved in product development activities, third-party services and contractors related to product development, information technology and software-related costs, and allocated overhead. Product development and technology expenses are primarily driven by changes in headcount and investments to support and develop our various products. We capitalize certain qualified costs related to the development of internal-use software, which may also cause product development and technology expenses to vary from period to period. 

Sales and marketing: Consists primarily of advertising and promotional expenses for consumer acquisition and retention including consumer (who are not our customers) discounts and incentives, as well as personnel costs, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, stock-based compensation expense and sales commissions, for sales and marketing employees, third-party services and contractors, and allocated overhead. Sales and marketing expenses are primarily driven by investments to grow and retain our consumer base and may fluctuate based on the timing of our investments in consumer acquisition and retention. We continuously evaluate the impact of sales and marketing activities on our business and actively manage our sales and marketing spend, including investment in consumer acquisition, which is largely variable, as market and business conditions change. 

General and administrative: Consists primarily of personnel costs including salaries, benefits, bonuses and stock-based compensation expense for our executive, finance, accounting, legal, and human resources functions, as well as professional fees, occupancy costs, other general overhead costs, and as applicable, change in fair value of contingent consideration, loss on operating lease assets, gain on sale of business and charitable donations. 

Depreciation and amortization: Consists of depreciation of property and equipment and amortization of capitalized internal-use software costs and intangible assets. Our depreciation and amortization changes primarily based on changes in our property and equipment, intangible assets, and capitalized software balances. 

64 
 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Our other expense, net consists of the following: 
 Interest income : Consists primarily of interest income earned on excess cash held in interest-bearing accounts. 

Interest expense : Consists primarily of interest expense associated with our debt arrangements, including amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts. 

Income Taxes 
 Our income taxes consist of federal and state income taxes. Our effective income tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to effects of non-deductible officers stock-based compensation expense, state income taxes, research and development tax credits, tax effects from our equity awards and changes in the valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods presented: 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

of Total Revenue 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 

of Total Revenue 
 
 Change ) 

Change ) 

Revenue: 

Prescription transactions revenue 

550,536 

72 

593,359 

80 

(42,823) 
 
 (7 

Pharma manufacturer solutions revenue 

99,425 

13 

73,348 

10 

26,077 

36 

Subscription revenue 

96,167 

13 

59,925 

8 

36,242 

60 

Other revenue 

20,426 

3 

18,792 

3 

1,634 

9 

Total revenue 

766,554 

745,424 

Costs and operating expenses: 

Cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization presented separately below 

65,079 

8 

46,716 

6 

18,363 

39 

Product development and technology 

143,137 

19 

125,860 

17 

17,277 

14 

Sales and marketing 

357,631 

47 

370,217 

50 

(12,586) 
 
 (3 

General and administrative 

144,792 

19 

154,686 

21 

(9,894) 
 
 (6 

Depreciation and amortization 

54,177 

7 

34,539 

5 

19,638 

57 

Total costs and operating expenses 

764,816 

732,018 

Operating income 

1,738 

13,406 

Other expense, net: 

Interest income 

9,274 

1 

59 

0 

9,215 

15,619 

Interest expense 

(34,243) 
 
 4 

(23,642) 
 
 3 

(10,601) 
 
 45 

Total other expense, net 

(24,969) 

(23,583) 

Loss before income taxes 

(23,231) 

(10,177) 

Income tax expense 

(9,597) 
 
 1 

(15,077) 
 
 2 

5,480 

(36 

Net loss 

(32,828) 

(25,254) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Revenue 
 Prescription transactions revenue decreased 42.8 million, or 7 , year-over-year driven primarily by a 2 decrease in the number of our average Monthly Active Consumers principally due to the grocer issue as described above. In addition, the year-over-year change in prescription transactions revenue was also impacted by an ongoing shift in the volume of prescription transactions to other retailers, which generally provide lower pricing relative to prescription transactions processed through the grocer. 
 Pharma manufacturer solutions revenue increased 26.1 million, or 36 , year-over year driven primarily by organic growth as we continued to expand our market penetration with pharma manufacturers and other customers as well as from our acquisition of vitaCare in April 2022, which contributed 5.6 million in revenue in 2022. 
 Subscription revenue increased 36.2 million, or 60 , year-over year driven primarily by a pricing increase for Gold subscribers during 2022, partially offset by a 15 decrease in the number of subscription plans to 1,030 thousand as of December 31, 2022, compared to 1,210 thousand as of December 31, 2021. We expect the increase in Gold pricing to result in slower subscriber growth relative to subscription revenue growth in the near term. We do not believe the grocer issue materially impacted subscription revenue in 2022, though it may be materially impacted in the future. 
 Other revenue increased 1.6 million, or 9 , year-over-year driven by an increase in the number of telehealth visits on our platform. 
 65 
 
 Other than revenue from vitaCare relative to pharma manufacturer solutions revenue, our acquisitions individually and in the aggregate did not materially contribute to the change in our revenue year-over-year. We do not believe the expected sunset of Kroger Savings in July 2024 will have a material impact on our future revenue and financial results. 
 Costs and Operating Expenses 
 Cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization 
 Cost of revenue increased 18.4 million, or 39 , year-over-year primarily driven by a 10.0 million increase in outsourced and in-house personnel related to consumer support, and a 3.1 million increase in allocated overhead, both principally as a result of the acquisition of vitaCare in April 2022, as well as a 2.8 million increase in fulfillment costs for certain solutions provided to customers under our pharma manufacturer solutions offering. 
 Product development and technology 
 Product development and technology expenses increased 17.3 million, or 14 , year-over-year due primarily to increases in payroll and related costs due to higher average headcount in 2022. These increases were partially offset by higher capitalization of certain qualified costs related to the development of internal use software in 2022 relative to 2021 due to greater investment in our products that better align with our strategic goals and future scale. 
 Sales and marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses decreased 12.6 million, or 3 , year-over-year primarily driven by a 69.9 million decrease in advertising expenses, offset by an increase in promotional expenses, substantially in the form of consumer discounts of 24.7 million, as we proactively managed our spend to better align with our strategic goals and future scale. The impact from these items was further offset by a 19.4 million increase in payroll and related costs due to higher average headcount in 2022 and a 8.2 million increase in third-party marketing services. 
 General and administrative 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 9.9 million, or 6 , year-over-year. This decrease was primarily driven by a 46.4 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense related to the Founders Awards and a 11.4 million pre-tax gain from the sale of certain technology assets of GoodRx Care, LLC, our telehealth platform business, in 2022. These increases were partially offset by a 18.1 million loss from the change in fair value of contingent consideration related to our vitaCare acquisition, a 13.7 million increase in payroll and related expenses due to higher average headcount to support our growth and operations as a public company and a 12.6 million loss related to the impairment of certain operating lease assets and the disposal of related capitalized costs. For further information regarding the Founders Awards, the sale of certain technology assets of GoodRx Care and contingent consideration related to the vitaCare acquisition, and loss on operating lease assets, see Note 15, Note 3 and Note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, respectively. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses increased 19.6 million, or 57 , year-over-year primarily driven by a 14.1 million increase in capitalized software amortization due to higher capitalized costs for platform improvements and the introduction of new products and features and a 4.9 million increase in amortization related to acquired intangible assets. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income increased 9.2 million year-over-year primarily due to higher interest rates earned on cash equivalents held in U.S. treasury securities money market funds. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 10.6 million, or 45 , year-over-year primarily due to higher interest rates partially offset by lower average debt balances. 
 66 
 
 Income Taxes 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had an income tax expense of 9.6 million compared to an income tax expense of 15.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and an effective income tax rate of (41.3 and (148.1 ), respectively. The year-over-year decrease in our income tax expense was primarily due to changes in our pre-tax losses, and a decrease in our tax effects from nondeductible officers' stock-based compensation expense and U.S. federal and state tax credits. In addition, the year-over-year decrease in excess tax benefits from our equity awards was offset by the decrease in the current tax effects of the full valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets in excess of amortizable goodwill initially recognized in 2021, which we maintained at the end of 2022. 
 A valuation allowance is established when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized and is an area of significant judgment. Refer to Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Income Taxes Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets of this Part II, Item 7, and Note 11 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since our inception, we have financed our operations primarily through net cash provided by operating activities, equity issuances, and borrowings under our long-term debt arrangements. Our principal sources of liquidity are expected to be our cash and cash equivalents and borrowings available under our 100.0 million secured asset-based revolving credit facility which expires in October 2024. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 757.2 million and 90.8 million available under our revolving credit facility. 
 Our primary short-term and long-term requirements for liquidity and capital are to finance working capital including our noncancelable operating lease obligations, interest and principal payments related to our outstanding debt arrangements, share repurchases, capital expenditures, business acquisitions and investments we may make from time to time, and general corporate purposes. We also anticipate expending substantial funds to satisfy tax withholding and remittance obligations with respect to equity awards granted to our employees, and the Founders Awards in particular, as they vest over time. For further information, please see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure, including Agreements and Relationships with Significant Stockholders We anticipate incurring substantial stock-based compensation expense and incurring substantial obligations related to the vesting and settlement of restricted stock units RSUs granted in connection with and after our IPO, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and may result in substantial dilution. 
 We believe that our net cash provided by operating activities and cash on hand will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs for at least the next twelve months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our revenue results, the timing and extent of investments, sales and marketing activities, and many other factors as described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. For further details regarding our cash requirements from noncancelable operating lease obligations, terms and commitments under our debt arrangements including our revolving credit facility, and other commitments and contingencies, see Note 10, Note 12 and Note 13 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, respectively. 
 If necessary, we may borrow funds under our revolving credit facility to finance our liquidity requirements, subject to customary borrowing conditions. To the extent additional funds are necessary to meet our long-term liquidity needs as we continue to execute our business strategy, we anticipate that they will be obtained through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, additional equity financings or a combination of these potential sources of funds; however, such financing may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. In particular, the current economic uncertainty, including rising inflation and socio-political events, has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption of global financial markets, including rising interest rates, reducing our ability to access capital. If we are unable to raise additional funds when or on the terms desired, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Holding Company Status 
 GoodRx Holdings, Inc. is a holding company that does not conduct any business operations of its own. As a result, GoodRx Holdings, Inc. is largely dependent upon cash distributions and other transfers from its subsidiaries to meet its obligations and to make future dividend payments, if any. Our existing debt arrangements contain covenants restricting payments of dividends by our subsidiaries, including GoodRx, Inc., unless certain conditions are met. These covenants provide for certain exceptions for specific types of payments. Based on these restrictions, all of the net assets of GoodRx, Inc. were restricted pursuant to the terms of our debt arrangements as of December 31, 2022. Since the restricted net assets of GoodRx, Inc. and its subsidiaries exceed 25 of our consolidated net assets, in accordance with Regulation S-X, refer to Note 17 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for condensed parent company financial information of GoodRx Holdings, Inc. 
 67 
 
 Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

146,780 

178,779 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(210,498) 

(178,733) 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(120,226) 

(30,528) 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(183,944) 

(30,482) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities consist of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. The 32.0 million decrease in net cash provided by operations in 2022 compared to 2021 was due to 7.6 million higher net loss, a decrease of 15.9 million in non-cash adjustments, and an increase of 8.5 million in cash outflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities. The net decrease in non-cash adjustments was primarily driven by a decrease in stock-based compensation expense due principally to the Founders Awards, deferred income taxes, and a pre-tax gain on the sale of certain technology assets of GoodRx Care, partially offset by an increase in the change in fair value of contingent consideration, depreciation and amortization, and a loss on operating lease assets. The changes in operating assets and liabilities were primarily driven by the timing of income tax payments and refunds, as well as by the timing of payments of accounts payable and accrued expenses and collections of accounts receivable. 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities primarily consist of cash used for acquisitions and investments, software development costs, and capital expenditures, partially offset by proceeds from sale of capitalized assets. The 31.8 million increase in net cash used in investing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily related to a 27.6 million increase in cash paid for acquisition of businesses and minority equity interest investments in privately-held companies, and a 21.4 million increase in software development costs, partially offset by 16.6 million in proceeds from the sale of certain technology assets of GoodRx Care in 2022. 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities primarily consist of payments related to our debt arrangements, repurchases of our Class A common stock, and net share settlement of equity awards, partially offset by proceeds from exercise of stock options. The 89.7 million increase in net cash used in financing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily related to 101.7 million for repurchases of our Class A common stock in 2022 and a 25.9 million decrease in proceeds from exercises of stock options, partially offset by a 37.1 million decrease in payments related to net share settlement of equity awards. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on certain accounting standards adopted in 2022 and recent accounting announcements that have not yet been required to be implemented and may be applicable to our future operations. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of consolidated financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from our estimates. An accounting policy is deemed critical if it is both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results and requires us to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. An accounting estimate is deemed critical where the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change, and the impact of the estimate on our financial condition or operating performance is material. We believe that the accounting policies described below involve a significant degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe these are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. For further information of the below critical accounting policies and estimates and our other significant accounting policies, see 
 68 
 
 Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue recognition represents an important accounting policy to the understanding of our financial condition and results of operations. Our revenue recognition does not involve any critical accounting estimates. For information regarding our revenue recognition accounting policy, see Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Business Combinations 
 We recognize tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination at fair value at the acquisition date in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business Combinations . Any excess consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. Contingent consideration arising from a business combination, if any, is included as part of purchase consideration and recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date. Contingent consideration arrangements are remeasured to fair value at each reporting period subsequent to the acquisition date until the contingency is resolved. 
 The valuations of intangible assets and contingent consideration use different valuation methods depending on the asset acquired and underlying nature of the contingency and may include significant estimates and judgments. Our critical accounting estimates are primarily those relating to forecasts of revenue and margins and estimates of royalty and discount rates, as applicable, used in the valuation of developed technology and customer relationships intangible assets and the contingent consideration receivable. 
 For developed technology and customer relationships intangible assets, our revenue and margin forecasts include assumptions about future industry conditions, macroeconomic events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, our ability to renew contracts in a competitive bidding process including the necessary resources and investments to support these contracts, among other factors. The discount rates focus on rates of return for equity and debt and are calculated using public information from selected guideline companies. The magnitude of the discount rates reflects the perceived risk of each investment, which requires significant judgment. A change in the estimated risk of the acquired companies' cash flows would change the discount rates applied, which in turn could significantly affect the valuation of our acquired developed technology and customer relationships intangible assets. 
 For certain acquisitions, the fair value of developed technology is estimated using the relief-from-royalty method, an income approach which estimates the cost savings that accrue to the owner of the intangible assets that would otherwise be payable as royalties or license fees on revenues earned through the use of the asset. A royalty rate is applied to the projected revenues associated with the intangible asset to determine the amount of savings and requires significant judgment. Our estimates of the royalty rates are based on comparable licensing agreements in the market. A change in the royalty rate selected could significantly affect the valuation of our acquired developed technology intangible asset. 
 For contingent consideration receivable at the acquisition date, our revenue forecasts include assumptions relating to the fair value of services expected to be provided to the seller which includes specific assumptions about the seller s ability to continue to order such services given the seller s liquidity position, among other macroeconomic and industry factors. The discount rate focuses on the level of risk of achievement of the forecasts and the credit and financial stability of the seller including its financial wherewithal for future payment of the receivable, which requires significant judgment. A change in the seller's liquidity position and future outlook would change the revenue forecasts and discount rate applied and our estimate of the realizability of the contingent consideration receivable, which in turn would affect the valuation of the contingent consideration receivable. 
 As described in Note 3 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in December 2022, we entered into an arrangement that eliminated the contingent consideration receivable which reduced its fair value to zero. As a result, the remeasurement of the contingent consideration receivable to fair value at December 31, 2022 is not a critical accounting estimate. 
 Income Taxes Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets 
 Deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. Such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and tax credits. We evaluate the recoverability of deferred tax assets by assessing all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is needed. A valuation allowance is established if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of 
 69 
 
 deferred tax assets will not be realized. The determination of whether a valuation allowance should be established, as well as the amount of such allowance, requires significant judgment and estimates, including estimates of future earnings. Accordingly, the valuation of our net deferred tax assets is a critical accounting estimate. 
 In evaluating the realizability of our net deferred tax assets, we perform an assessment each reporting period of both positive and negative evidence. As of December 31, 2022, negative evidence primarily included the existence of three-year cumulative pre-tax losses adjusted for permanent book to tax differences principally generated from 2021 and 2020. The losses in 2021 and 2020 were principally due to substantial excess tax benefits realized from the exercise of stock options granted prior to our IPO. Stock options granted prior to our IPO contained substantially lower exercise prices compared to the closing prices of our Class A common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in 2021 and 2020, which when exercised resulted in significant excess tax benefits to us. The existence of substantial stock options granted prior to our IPO that remain outstanding contributed to our evaluation of negative evidence regarding the realizability of our net deferred tax assets in 2021. In 2022, the excess tax benefits realized substantially decreased relative to 2021 and 2020 due to a decline in the closing prices of our Class A common stock, which resulted in the exercise prices of the stock options granted prior to our IPO to approximate the closing stock prices of our Class A common stock. Although we have a significant number of outstanding stock options granted prior to our IPO available to be exercised in future tax periods, which may generate incremental excess tax benefits if they are exercised, the degree of excess tax benefits that will be realized in the future will depend on many factors outside of our control, including the closing prices of our Class A common stock in the future and stock option exercises being initiated by employees. Accordingly, the weight of the negative evidence related to substantial excess tax benefits to be realized from the exercise of stock options granted prior to our IPO decreased in 2022 relative to 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, positive evidence reviewed included (i) our forecast of future earnings; (ii) stock options granted prior to our IPO are definite-lived and will expire 10 years from the date of grant if unexercised; and (iii) an indefinite carryforward period for certain deferred tax assets. 
 We apply judgment to consider the relative impact of negative and positive evidence and the weight given to negative and positive evidence is commensurate with the extent to which such evidence can be objectively verified. Objective historical evidence, such as cumulative three-year pre-tax losses adjusted for permanent book to tax differences, is given greater weight than subjective positive evidence such as forecasts of future earnings. The more objective negative evidence that exists limits our ability to consider other, potentially positive, subjective evidence, such as our future earnings projections. Based on our evaluation of all available positive and negative evidence, and by placing greater weight on the objective negative evidence associated with our three-year cumulative pre-tax loss adjusted for permanent book to tax differences, we determined, as of December 31, 2022, that it was more likely than not that our net deferred tax assets in excess of amortizable goodwill would not be realized. Accordingly, we maintained a full valuation allowance of 57.1 million against our net deferred tax assets in excess of amortizable goodwill as of the year then ended. 
 To the extent sufficient positive evidence becomes available or the negative objective evidence described above continues to decrease in relative importance, we may conclude that based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence that some or all of our net deferred tax assets more likely than not will be realized in the future. Accordingly, we may determine to release all or a portion of the valuation allowance in one or more future periods. A release of the valuation allowance, if any, would result in the recognition of certain deferred tax assets and income tax benefit in the period in which such release is recognized. 
 70 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitativ e Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We only have operations within the United States and therefore do not have any foreign currency exposure. We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including the effects of interest rate changes. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our exposures to market risk for changes in interest rates relate primarily to our debt arrangements which bears floating interest rates and a rising interest rate environment will increase the amount of interest paid on these loans. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have increased our interest expense by 6.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Nonetheless, if our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this report. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15 of Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our co-principal executive officers and principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our co-principal executive officers and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our co-principal executive officers and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 As discussed in Note 3 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we completed our acquisition of vitaCare on April 14, 2022. Management has excluded the acquisition of vitaCare from its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The acquired business excluded from the scope of this assessment represents less than 1 of the total assets and less than 1 of the total revenues of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 71 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our co-principal executive officers and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on our evaluation under the framework set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 72 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 The following information with respect to our board of directors and executive officers is presented as of February 28, 2023: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position at GoodRx 
 Principal Employment 

Douglas Hirsch 
 52 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer Director 
 Same 

Trevor Bezdek 
 45 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer Director 
 Same 

Raj Beri 
 48 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 Same 

Karsten Voermann 
 53 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Same 

Babak Azad 
 49 
 Chief Marketing Officer and SVP, Marketing Communications 
 Same 

Romin Nabiey 
 36 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 Same 

Bansi Nagji 
 57 
 President, Healthcare 
 Same 

Christopher Adams 
 43 
 Director 
 Partner at Francisco Partners Management, L.P. 

Julie Bradley 
 54 
 Director 
 Chief Executive Officer of RegimenMD 

Dipanjan Deb 
 53 
 Director 
 Co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Francisco Partners Management, L.P. 

Adam Karol 
 47 
 Director 
 Managing Director at Silver Lake 

Jacqueline Kosecoff 
 73 
 Director 
 Managing Partner at Moriah Partners, LLC 

Stephen LeSieur 
 49 
 Director 
 Managing Director at Spectrum Equity 

Gregory Mondre 
 48 
 Director 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer at Silver Lake 

Agnes Rey-Giraud 
 58 
 Director 
 Former Chief Executive Officer of Acera Surgical Inc. 

Other information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun tant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 73 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Fina ncial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 Our consolidated financial statements are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not material or because the information required is already included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or are incorporated herein by reference, in each case as indicated below. 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed/ 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Furnished Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39549 
 
 3.1 
 
 9/28/20 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39549 
 
 3.2 
 
 9/28/20 

4.1 
 
 Form of Certificate of Class A Common Stock 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-248465 
 
 4.1 
 
 8/28/20 

4.2 
 
 Form of Certificate of Class B Common Stock 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-249069 
 
 4.4 
 
 9/25/20 

4.3 
 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-39549 
 
 4.3 
 
 3/11/21 

4.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement by and between GoodRx Holdings, Inc. and certain security holders of GoodRx Holdings, Inc., dated October 12, 2018 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-248465 
 
 4.2 
 
 8/28/20 

4.5 
 
 Stockholders Agreement by and between GoodRx Holdings, Inc. and certain security holders of GoodRx Holdings, Inc., dated September 22, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39549 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/28/20 

4.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement by and between GoodRx Holdings, Inc. and certain security holders of GoodRx Holdings, Inc., dated October 12, 2018 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-248465 
 
 4.4 
 
 8/28/20 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between GoodRx Holdings, Inc. and its directors and officers 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/14/20 

10.2 
 
 Fifth Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39549 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/12/20 

10.3 
 
 2020 Incentive Award Plan 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.3 
 
 9/14/20 

10.3.1 
 
 Form of Option Agreement pursuant to 2020 Incentive Award Plan 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.3.1 
 
 9/14/20 

10.3.2 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to 2020 Incentive Award Plan 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.3.2 
 
 9/14/20 

10.3.3 
 
 Form of Time-Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Founders) pursuant to 2020 Incentive Award Plan 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.3.3 
 
 9/14/20 

10.3.4 
 
 Form of Performance-Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Founders) pursuant to 2020 Incentive Award Plan 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.3.4 
 
 9/14/20 

74 

10.3.5 
 
 First Amendment to 2020 Incentive Award Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39549 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/13/21 

10.4 
 
 GoodRx Holdings, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.4 
 
 9/14/20 

10.5 
 
 GoodRx Holdings, Inc. Director Compensation Program 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.5 
 
 9/14/20 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between GoodRx, Inc. and Douglas Hirsch, dated September 19, 2020 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.6 
 
 9/22/20 

10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between GoodRx, Inc. and Trevor Bezdek, dated September 19, 2020 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.7 
 
 9/22/20 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between GoodRx, Inc. and Andrew Slutsky, dated September 20, 2020 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.8 
 
 9/22/20 

10.9 
 
 Offer of Employment Letter by and between GoodRx, Inc. and Babak Azad, dated October 3, 2019 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.9 
 
 8/28/20 

10.10 
 
 Offer Letter for Bansi Nagji, dated March 28, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-39549 
 
 10.10 
 
 3/11/21 

10.11 
 
 Offer Letter for Karsten Voermann, effective February 12, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-39549 
 
 10.11 
 
 3/11/21 

10.12+ 
 
 First Lien Credit Agreement by and among GoodRx, Inc., GoodRx Intermediate Holdings, LLC, the lenders party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC and the joint lead arrangers and joint lead bookrunners party thereto, dated October 12, 2018 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.13 
 
 8/28/20 

10.13+ 
 
 First Incremental Amendment to First Lien Credit Agreement by and between GoodRx, Inc., GoodRx Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Iodine, Inc., HeyDoctor, LLC, the lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, dated November 1, 2019 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.14 
 
 8/28/20 

10.14+ 
 
 Second Incremental Amendment to First Lien Credit Agreement by and between GoodRx, Inc., GoodRx Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Iodine, Inc., HeyDoctor, LLC, Lighthouse Acquisition Corp., the lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, dated May 12, 2020 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.15 
 
 8/28/20 

10.15+ 
 
 First Lien Security Agreement by and among GoodRx, Inc., GoodRx Intermediate Holdings, LLC., Iodine, Inc., and Barclays Bank PLC, dated October 12, 2018 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.16 
 
 8/28/20 

10.16+ 
 
 First Lien Guaranty by and among GoodRx, Inc., GoodRx Intermediate Holdings, LLC, Iodine, Inc. and Barclays Bank PLC, dated October 12, 2018 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.17 
 
 8/28/20 

10.17 
 
 Office Lease Agreement by and between GoodRx, Inc. and CSHV Pen Factory, LLC, dated September 6, 2019 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-248465 
 
 10.19 
 
 8/28/20 

10.17.1 
 
 First Amendment to Office Lease Agreement by and between GoodRx, Inc. and CSHV Pen Factory, LLC, dated August 14, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39549 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/12/21 

10.17.2 
 
 Second Amendment to Office Lease Agreement by and between GoodRx, Inc. and CSHV Pen Factory, LLC, dated May 27, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39549 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/12/21 

75 

10.17.3 
 
 Third Amendment to Office Lease Agreement by and between GoodRx, Inc. and CSHV Pen Factory, LLC, dated March 18, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39549 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/10/22 

10.18 + 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2022, by and between GoodRx, Inc. and TherapeuticsMD, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39549 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/10/22 

10.19 
 
 Offer Letter for Romin Nabiey, effective May 1, 2017 

10.20 
 
 Offer Letter for Raj Beri, dated May 6, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39549 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/9/22 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of GoodRx Holdings, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 

31.3 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 

32.3 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Portions of the exhibit, marked by brackets, have been omitted because the omitted information (i) is not material and (ii) is treated as confidential by the Company. 
 + The annexes, schedules, and certain exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5)(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted annex, schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 
 76 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 77 
 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

GOODRX HOLDINGS, INC. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Karsten Voermann 

Karsten Voermann 

Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Douglas Hirsch 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Douglas Hirsch 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Trevor Bezdek 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Trevor Bezdek 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Karsten Voermann 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Karsten Voermann 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Romin Nabiey 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Romin Nabiey 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Christopher Adams 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Christopher Adams 

/s/ Julie Bradley 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Julie Bradley 

/s/ Dipanjan Deb 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Dipanjan Deb 

/s/ Adam Karol 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Adam Karol 

/s/ Jacqueline Kosecoff 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Jacqueline Kosecoff 

/s/ Stephen LeSieur 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Stephen LeSieur 

/s/ Gregory Mondre 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Gregory Mondre 

/s/ Agnes Rey-Giraud 
 
 Director 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Agnes Rey-Giraud 

78 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity Deficit) 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 7 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of GoodRx Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GoodRx Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of changes in redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit), and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded vitaCare Prescription Services, Inc. vitaCare from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2022. We have also excluded vitaCare from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. vitaCare is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent less than 1 and 1 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The 
 F- 1 
 
 communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Acquisition of vitaCare Valuation of Acquired Developed Technology and Customer Relationships Intangible Assets 
 As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of vitaCare on April 14, 2022, for 150 million and an additional payment or adjustment for contingent consideration payable of up to 7.0 million in cash and contingent consideration receivable based upon vitaCare's achievement of certain specified revenue. The Company recorded the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, including developed technology and customer relationships intangible assets of 30.0 million and 21.0 million, respectively. As disclosed by management, the valuations of intangible assets use different valuation methods depending on the asset acquired and may include significant estimates and judgments. The critical accounting estimates are primarily those relating to forecasts of revenue and margins and estimates of royalty and discount rates, as applicable, used in the valuation of developed technology and customer relationship intangible assets. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the acquisition of vitaCare - valuation of acquired developed technology and customer relationships intangible assets, is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimates of the developed technology and customer relationships intangible assets acquired; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to forecasts of revenue and margins and estimates of royalty and discount rates, as applicable, used in the valuation of the developed technology and customer relationships intangible assets; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the acquisition accounting, including controls over management s valuation of the developed technology and customer relationships intangible assets acquired. These procedures also included, among others, reading the purchase agreement and testing management s process for developing the fair value estimates of the developed technology and customer relationships intangible assets. Testing management s process included evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methods, testing the completeness and accuracy of data used in the methods, and evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions related to forecasts of revenue and margins and estimates of royalty and discount rates, as applicable, used by management in the valuation of the developed technology and customer relationships intangible assets. Evaluating the reasonableness of the forecasts of revenue and margins involved considering the past performance of the acquired business, as well as economic and industry forecasts and historical data. Evaluating the reasonableness of the royalty rate involved considering comparable industry data. Evaluating the reasonableness of the discount rates involved considering the cost of capital of comparable businesses and other industry factors. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the Company s valuation methods and the royalty rate and discount rate assumptions. 
 
 /s/ 

February 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 F- 2 
 
 GoodRx Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 

(in thousands, except par values) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Capitalized software, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Current portion of debt 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Total current liabilities 

Debt, net 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders' equity 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common stock, par value; Class A: shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; and Class B: shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 3 
 
 GoodRx Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Stateme nts of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Costs and operating expenses: 

Cost of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization presented separately below 

Product development and technology 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total costs and operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Other expense, net: 

Other income, net 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Total other expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Loss per share: 

Basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares used in computing loss per share: 

Basic and diluted 

Stock-based compensation included in costs and operating expenses: 

Cost of revenue 

Product development and technology 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 
 
 GoodRx Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cha nges in Redeemable Convertible 
 Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Class A and Class B Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Total Stockholders' 

(in thousands) 
 
 Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Equity (Deficit) 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Stock options exercised 

Stock-based compensation 

Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock in connection with initial public offering 

() 

() 

Issuance of Class A common stock in connection with initial public offering, net of offering costs, underwriting discounts and commissions 

Private placement of Class A common stock 

Conversion of common stock into Class B common stock in connection with initial public offering 

() 

() 

Common stock withheld related to net share settlement 

() 

() 

() 

Vesting and settlement of restricted stock units 

Charitable stock donation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Stock options exercised 

Stock-based compensation 

Vesting and settlement of restricted stock units 

Common stock withheld related to net share settlement 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Stock options exercised 

Stock-based compensation 

Vesting and settlement of restricted stock units 

Common stock withheld related to net share settlement 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases of Class A common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 
 
 GoodRx Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Stateme nts of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Non-cash operating lease expense 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Gain on sale of business 

() 

Loss on operating lease assets 

Charitable stock donation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of business acquisitions 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

() 

Capitalized software 

() 

() 

() 

Investment in minority equity interest 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of business 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock in initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions 

Proceeds from private placement with a related party 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Payments on long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Payment of debt issuance costs and prepayment penalty 

() 

Payment for contingent consideration 

() 

Repurchases of Class A common stock 

() 

Payments of initial public offering issuance costs 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from early exercise of stock options 

Employee taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

() 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Income tax paid (refunds received), net 

() 

Interest paid 

Non cash investing and financing activities: 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Stock-based compensation included in capitalized software 

Capitalized software included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock in connection with initial public offering 

The following table presents a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in our consolidated balance sheets to the total of the same such amounts shown above: 

December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 
 
 GoodRx Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Con solidated Financial Statements 

operating segment. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, all of our revenue was from customers located in the United States. In addition, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , all of our right-of-use assets and property and equipment were in the United States. 
 customer accounted for approximately of our revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2021, customers accounted for approximately and of our revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2020 , customers accounted for approximately , and of our revenue. At December 31, 2022, customer accounted for approximately of our accounts receivable balance. At December 31, 2021, customer accounted for more than of our accounts receivable balance. 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, were classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy and valued using quoted market prices in active markets. 
 
 , which are for furniture and fixtures and for computer equipment. Leasehold improvements are depreciated on the straight-line basis over the shorter of the life of the asset or the remaining lease term. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to general and administrative expenses as incurred. 
 of the voting stock of the investees and we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the investees. The equity investments are accounted for under the measurement alternative in accordance with ASC 321, Investments Equity Securities , which is cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes. Equity investments included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. We have not recognized any changes resulting from observable price changes or impairment loss on such investments. 
 
 reporting unit during 2022, 2021 and 2020 . We review goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable. When testing goodwill for impairment, we may first perform an optional qualitative assessment. If we determine it is not more likely than not our reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying value, then no further analysis is necessary. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the quantitative impairment test will be performed. Under the quantitative impairment test, if the carrying amount of our reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we will recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to that excess but limited to the total amount of goodwill. impairments were recognized in 2022, 2021 or 2020 . 
 analysis of expected cash flows of the acquired assets. Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis, which approximates the pattern in which the economic benefits of the assets are consumed. 
 of . 

and We have not recognized any renewal or early termination options in our estimate of the lease term as they are not reasonably certain of exercise. Right-of-use assets are evaluated for impairment in accordance with ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment, when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be recoverable. After a right-of-use asset is impaired, the remaining carrying value of the right-of-use asset is de-linked from the lease liability and amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining lease term. The lease liability continues to be amortized using the same effective interest method as before the impairment. Thus, after impairment, the operating lease no longer qualifies for the straight-line treatment of total lease expense. 
 long-term debt balance on the consolidated balance sheets. Costs incurred in connection with the issuance of revolving credit facilities are recognized in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized to interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the term of the revolving credit facility. 

Pharma manufacturer solutions revenue (1) 

Subscription revenue 

Other revenue 

Total revenue 

(1) 

Prescription Transactions Revenue Prescription transactions revenue is primarily generated from PBMs, or customers, when a prescription is filled with our code provided through our platform. The nature of our promise in our contracts with customers is to direct prescription volume through our platform, which may include marketing through our mobile apps, websites, and cards. These activities are not distinct from each other and are not separate performance obligations. Our performance obligation is to connect consumers with pharmacies that are contracted with our customers. We have no performance obligation to fill prescriptions. Contracts with PBMs provide that we are entitled to either a percentage of fees that PBMs charge to the pharmacy or a fixed amount per type of drug prescription, when a consumer uses our code from our platform. Our performance obligation is satisfied upon the completion of pharmacies filling prescriptions. We recognize revenue for our estimated fee due from the customers at a point in time when a prescription is filled. We receive reporting from the customers of the number of prescriptions and amount of consideration to which we are entitled at a prescription level. Certain arrangements with PBMs provide that the amount of consideration we are entitled to is based on the volume of prescription fills each month. In addition, the amount of consideration for which we are entitled may be adjusted in the event that a fill is determined ineligible, or based upon other adjustments allowed under the contracts with customers. We estimate the amount expected to be entitled to using the expected value method based on historical experience of the number of prescriptions filled, ineligible fills and applicable rates. We generally receive payment within thirty days of the month end in which the prescriptions were filled. However, portions of payments may not be received for up to five months to the extent of adjustments for ineligible fills. Incentives to customers are recognized as a reduction of revenue if we do not receive a distinct good or service or cannot reasonably estimate the fair value of the good or service received. We do not provide material incentives to customers. We also offer incentives principally in the form of discounts to consumers (who are not our customers) that reduce the prices on a limited number of prescription drugs displayed on our platform during a limited time period. None of our contracts with customers require us to provide discounts to consumers. These discounts are generally offered to a limited number of consumers in a market to acquire, re-engage, or generally increase consumer utilization of our platform. We recognize the cost of these discounts to consumers as sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations at the time the prescription is filled and was million for 2022. There were no material discounts to consumers in 2021 and 2020. Pharma Manufacturer Solutions Revenue Pharma manufacturer solutions revenue consists primarily of advertisements purchased by pharma manufacturers and other customers for a fixed fee that appear on our apps and websites for a specified period of time, and revenue is recognized over the term of the arrangement. Customers may also purchase advertisements where we charge fees on a cost-per-click basis, advertisements placed in our direct mailers, or other content used in advertising. Revenue for these arrangements is recognized at a point in time when the advertisements are clicked, when the direct mailers are shipped or when other content used in advertising is delivered, respectively. Pharma manufacturer solutions revenue also includes fees generated when pharmacies fill prescriptions for products sold by pharma manufacturers via our pharmacy services solution acquired through our acquisition of vitaCare Prescription Services, Inc. vitaCare ). We are entitled to a fixed fee per prescription from the pharma manufacturer for each of their patients assisted by us. Revenue for these arrangements is recognized at a point in time when the prescriptions are processed and filled through our pharmacy services solution. We generally invoice pharma manufacturers and other customers in advance, in the month end in which services are rendered, or in accordance with other specific contractual provisions. Subscription Revenue Subscription revenue consists of subscriptions to the GoodRx Gold offering Gold and the Kroger Rx Savings Club powered by GoodRx offering Kroger Savings ). Under Gold, subscribers pay an upfront fee to purchase a monthly or annual subscription that provides access to lower prices for prescriptions and telehealth visits. Subscribers can cancel the Gold subscription at any time. Monthly Gold subscription fees are generally nonrefundable while annual Gold subscription fees are generally nonrefundable to the subscriber after the first two weeks. We recognize revenue for Gold on a straight-line basis over the subscription period. Under the Kroger Savings offering, subscribers pay an annual upfront fee, a portion of which we share with Kroger, for a subscription that provides access to lower prices on prescriptions at Kroger pharmacies. Subscribers may enroll in the Kroger Savings through July 1, 2023 with the expected sunset of the program in July 2024. Kroger Savings subscription fees are generally nonrefundable to the subscriber after the first thirty days unless we cancel the subscription, in which case the subscriber is entitled to a pro rata refund. We recognize revenue for Kroger Savings on a straight-line basis over the subscription period, net of the fee shared with Kroger. Other Revenue Other revenue consists principally of telehealth revenue. Telehealth revenue consists of revenues generated from consumers who complete a telehealth visit with a member of our network of qualified medical professionals. Consumers pay a fee per telehealth visit and we recognize the fee as revenue at a point in time when the visit is complete. 
 infrastructure equipment used to operate our platform, which are included in depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Sales and marketing expenses also include personnel costs, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, stock-based compensation expense and sales commissions, for sales and marketing employees, consumer discounts and incentives, third-party services and contractors, and allocated overhead. Sales commissions relate to contracts with a duration of one year or less and are expensed as incurred. 

million as of December 31, 2022, which was based on inputs categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, and approximated its carrying value as of December 31, 2021 . For contingent consideration, which is remeasured to its estimated fair value on a recurring basis, see Note 3. Business Combinations and Disposition. 
 
 We compute earnings or loss per share using the two-class method required for participating securities. The two-class method requires net income to be allocated between common stock and participating securities based upon their respective rights to receive dividends as if all income for the period had been distributed. In periods where we have net losses, losses are not allocated to participating securities as they are not required to fund the losses. Prior to its conversion to common stock in connection with our IPO in September 2020, we considered our redeemable convertible preferred stock to be participating securities as preferred stockholders had rights to participate in dividends with the common stockholders. Basic earnings or loss per share is computed by dividing net income or loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Weighted average number of common shares outstanding includes contingently issuable shares where there is no circumstance under which those shares would not be issued. The vested but not yet issued Co-Chief Executives Performance-Vesting Founders Awards (see Note 15. Stock-Based Compensation will settle in shares of common stock in October 2023 or, if earlier, upon a qualifying change in control event. At the time of vesting, these shares are contingently issuable and are included in the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for basic earnings or loss per share. 

, we acquired all of the equity interests of vitaCare from TherapeuticsMD, Inc. (the Seller ), the sole stockholder of vitaCare, for an initial cash payment of approximately million and additional payment or adjustment for contingent consideration payable of up to million in cash and contingent consideration receivable based upon vitaCare's achievement of certain specified revenue described further below. We incurred a total of million of transaction costs associated with this acquisition during 2022 that consisted primarily of professional fees. vitaCare is a prescription technology and service platform that simplifies the prescription fulfillment process for consumers taking brand medications by helping them gain access to therapies and stay on those therapies for as long as medically appropriate. The purpose of the acquisition was to strengthen and expand our services under our pharma manufacturer solutions platform. We accounted for the vitaCare acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, and recognized tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The estimated fair values of the acquired intangible assets were determined primarily by using a discounted cash flow method which is a non-recurring fair value measurement based on Level 3 inputs. The goodwill recognized in connection with this acquisition primarily related to the expected long-term synergies and other benefits from the acquisition, including the acquired assembled workforce, and is expected to be tax deductible. We also established a management incentive plan under which certain continuing vitaCare employees were eligible to receive up to million of additional cash compensation upon achievement of certain performance milestones through 2023. This management incentive plan was accounted for separately from the business combination and excluded from the purchase consideration. As of December 31, 2022 , the performance milestones were not probable of being met; however eligible employees may continue to receive up to the million of cash compensation upon achievement of the performance milestones in 2023. 

Fair value of contingent consideration payable 

Fair value of contingent consideration receivable 
 
 () 

Total purchase consideration 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Accounts payable 
 
 () 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 () 

Goodwill 

Total purchase consideration 

Customer relationships 

Trademark 

Contingent consideration payable - The contingent consideration payable of up to million in cash was based upon vitaCare's achievement of certain specified revenue results through 2023 as stipulated by the purchase agreement. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration payable was based on the present value of the expected future payments to be made to the Seller (Level 3 inputs) using an option pricing model. As of December 31, 2022 , future contingent payments were expected to be made to the Seller as vitaCare's achievement of the specified revenue results through 2023 were no longer probable of being met. Accordingly, we recognized the change in fair value of the contingent consideration payable of million as a reduction in general and administrative expenses during 2022. Contingent consideration receivable - vitaCare entered into a commercial agreement with the Seller in connection with the acquisition (the commercial agreement to provide certain pharmacy services to the Seller over an initial 5-year term following the acquisition with annual minimum guaranteed payments over the 5-year term totaling million. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration receivable at the acquisition date was based on the present value of the expected future annual minimum guaranteed payments in excess of the estimated fair value of pharmacy services expected to be provided to the Seller for each year over the initial 5-year term and contained significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs). Key inputs used in this estimate included projected revenue and a discount rate which incorporated the risk of achievement associated with the forecasts and the credit risk of the Seller. Significant changes in the projected revenue or discount rate would result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. In December 2022, the Seller completed a transaction (the transformation transaction with a third-party to (i) grant an exclusive license to the third-party to commercialize certain of the Seller's pharmaceutical drugs in return for, amongst other things, royalty-based payments based on the level of sales achieved and (ii) sold certain other assets to the third-party. We agreed to eliminate the annual minimum guaranteed payments associated with the commercial agreement which was assigned to the third-party such that the transformation transaction could be completed. Concurrently, we amended an existing pharma manufacturer solutions arrangement with the third-party. We determined the amended pharma manufacturer solutions arrangement with the third-party was at fair value and the fair value of the contingent consideration receivable at the date of the transformation transaction was effectively zero as the contingency was resolved and future contingent payments will be received. Accordingly, we recognized the change in fair value of the contingent consideration receivable of million as an increase in general and administrative expenses during 2022. Pro forma unaudited consolidated results of operations - The pro forma unaudited consolidated results of operations give effect to certain adjustments including: (i) transaction and severance costs incurred in connection with the acquisition; (ii) amortization expense related to the acquired intangible assets; and (iii) elimination of vitaCare's allocated interest expense related to the Seller's financing agreement whereby vitaCare was released from as guarantor upon the consummation of the acquisition. The pro forma unaudited consolidated results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have occurred if the acquisition had been consummated as of the date indicated, nor are they necessarily indicative of future operating results. 

Pro forma net loss 
 
 () 

() 

vitaCare's revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 of million was included in the consolidated statement of operations. Disclosure of the standalone earnings or loss of vitaCare is not practicable as expenses associated with significant back-office, product development and technology and go-to-market processes of vitaCare have been substantially integrated into our consolidated operations. flipMD, Inc. On February 18, 2022, we acquired all of the equity interests of flipMD, Inc. flipMD for million in cash. flipMD is a marketplace connecting practicing physicians with organizations seeking on-demand medical expertise and expands both our engagement with healthcare providers and services currently available under our existing pharma manufacturer solutions platform. Other Business Combinations In 2021, we acquired RxSaver, Inc. RxSaver and HealthiNation Inc. HealthiNation for million and million in cash, respectively. In 2020, we acquired Scriptcycle, LLC, Scriptcycle for an aggregate purchase consideration of million. RxSaver and Scriptcycle expand our business capabilities with respect to our prescription transactions offering. HealthiNation expands our services under our pharm a manufacturer solutions platform. Goodwill associated with these acquisitions primarily related to the expected long-term synergies and other benefits, including the acquired assembled workforce, and are deductible for tax purposes except for HealthiNation which is not tax deductible. The million aggregate purchase consideration related to these acquisitions was principally allocated to goodwill of million (comprised of million, million and million from RxSaver, HealthiNation, and Scriptcycle, respectively) and other intangible assets of million (comprised of million, million and million, respectively, from the respective businesses described above). Other intangible assets principally related to customer relationships of million (comprised of million, million and million, respectively, from the respective businesses described above) with estimated useful lives ranging between eleven and . The Scriptcycle acquisition also contained provisions for our payment of contingent consideration of up to million in the event certain financial results were achieved, which was met and paid in full during 2021. In 2021, we al so acquired RxNXT LLC for million in cash which expands our business capabilities with respect to our prescription transactions offering. Unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information and the revenue and earnings in the year of acquisition for these acquisitions has not been presented because the effects are not material to our consolidated financial statements. Disposition Certain Assets of GoodRx Care, LLC (FKA HeyDoctor, LLC) On December 9, 2022, we completed the sale of certain technology assets of GoodRx Care, LLC, our telehealth platform, for million in cash, of which million is held in the buyer's escrow account related to the resolution of standard representations and warranties and is included in prepaid and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The sale represents the sale of a business and, as we have one reporting unit, goodwill was allocated to the disposal group. The carrying value of the disposal group as of the sale date was approximately million, comprised principally of million of capitalized software and million of allocated goodwill. We recognized a million pre-tax gain on the sale which was included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. As we expect to continue to provide our consumers access to telehealth services via our GoodRx Care platform after the date of sale, the sale does not represent a strategic shift that has, or is expected to have, a major effect on our operations and financial results. 

Prepaid software implementation costs 

Prepaid expenses 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Furniture and fixtures 

Computer equipment 

Construction in progress 

Total property and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total property and equipment, net 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, depreciation expense was million, million and million, respectively. 

Goodwill acquired 

Goodwill disposed 

() 

Balance at end of the year 

F- 19 
 
 - 

() 

Developed technology 
 
 - 

() 

Trademarks 
 
 - 

() 

Content library 

() 

Backlog 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Useful Life (in years) 
 
 Gross Carrying Amount 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Carrying Amount 

Weighted Average Remaining Useful Life (in years) 

Customer relationships 
 
 - 

() 

Developed technology 
 
 - 

() 

Trademarks 
 
 - 

() 

Content library 

() 

Backlog 

() 

() 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, amortization expense was million, million and million, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Total capitalized software, net 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, amortization expense was million, million and million, respectively. Amortization had not started on million of capitalized software costs that were not yet ready for intended use as of December 31, 2022. 

2024 

2025 

F- 20 

Accrued marketing 

Deferred revenue 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue represents payments received in advance of providing services for certain advertising contracts with customers and subscriptions. Deferred revenue is substantially recognized as revenue within the subsequent twelve months. We expect substantially all of the deferred revenue at December 31, 2022 will be recognized as revenue in 2023. 

 . Our leases do not contain any material (i) non-lease components, (ii) variable lease costs, (iii) short-term lease expenses, (iv) residual value guarantees or (v) material restrictive covenants. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, lease expense of million, million and million, respectively, was included in costs and operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, cash paid for amounts affecting the measurement of our operating lease liabilities included in cash flows from operating activities was million, million (excluding million of cash collected from lease incentive receivable), and million (excluding million of cash collected from lease incentive receivable), respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average remaining lease term was years and years, respectively, and the weighted average discount rate was and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total operating lease payments 

Less: Effects of discounting 

() 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

In May 2021, we entered into a noncancelable lease agreement with a third-party to lease additional office space that is adjacent to and expands our existing corporate headquarters in Santa Monica, California. The lease commenced on October 1, 2022 upon our access to the leased premises, and we recognized an operating lease right-of-use asset and lease liability of million as of that date. Given changes in our property needs since the date we executed the lease, we no longer plan to occupy this premise and are seeking to sublease the property. As a result, we recognized a loss of million during 2022 within general and administrative expenses for the disposal of capitalized costs related to architectural design and other professional services incurred. We also recognized an impairment loss of million during 2022 within general and administrative expenses to reduce the carrying value of the operating lease right-of-use asset to its estimated fair value as rental rates have declined since the date the lease was executed. The estimated fair value was determined by using a discounted cash flow method which is a non-recurring fair value measurement based on Level 3 inputs. Key inputs used in this estimate include projected sublease income and a discount rate which incorporate the risk of achievement associated with the forecast. Significant changes in the projected sublease income or discount rate would result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. The estimated operating lease payments included in the table above for 2023 and 2024 have been reduced by lease incentives for leasehold improvements of million each year related to this additional office space. 

() 

State 

Total current income tax expense 

Deferred 

Federal 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

Total deferred income tax (benefit) expense 

() 

() 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

The following is a reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 to our effective income tax rate) 

() 

() 

State income taxes (1) 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Excess tax (benefits) related to stock-based compensation 

() 

() 

Research and development credits, net of reserves 

() 

() 

() 

Nondeductible officers' compensation 

Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance 

() 

Transaction costs 

Basis difference on disposition 

Nondeductible penalties 

Other 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Effective income tax rate 

() 

() 

(1) Includes the state tax effects for (i) excess tax (benefits) related to stock-based compensation of million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and (ii) increase in valuation allowance of and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The state tax effect for valuation allowance in 2020 was not material. 

Deferred taxes, net consist of the following 

Operating lease liabilities 

Stock-based compensation 

Research and development credits, net of reserves 

Tax credit carryforward 

Interest expense carryforward 

Charitable contribution carryforward 

Goodwill 

Capitalized research and development expenditures 

Net operating losses 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Property and equipment 

() 

() 

Capitalized software 

() 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities, net 

() 

() 

We recognized total excess tax benefits of 5.4) million, million and million associated with equity award exercises and vesting in income tax (expense) benefit for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We consider all available positive and negative evidence in our assessment of the recoverability of our net deferred tax assets. Based on the weight of the evidence, we believed it was more likely than not that our net deferred tax assets in excess of tax amortizable goodwill would not be fully realizable primarily due to cumulative three-year pre-tax losses adjusted for permanent book to tax differences principally from substantial excess tax benefits realized mainly in 2021 and 2020 from the exercise of stock options granted prior to our IPO. Accordingly, we maintained a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets in excess of tax amortizable goodwill as of December 31, 2022. Our judgment regarding the need for a valuation allowance, including the exact timing and amount of any release, may reasonably change in the next twelve months due to many factors, including changes in the level of tax profitability that we achieve, changes in tax laws or regulations and price fluctuations of our Class A common stock and its related effects on future excess tax benefits from outstanding stock options. At December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards NOLs of million available to reduce future federal income taxes. Approximately million of these NOLs were generated before January 1, 2018 and will expire in varying amounts starting . The remaining million of these NOLs are carried over indefinitely but utilization is subject to an 80 taxable income limitation. At December 31, 2022 , we also had state NOLs of million available to reduce future state income taxes which will expire in varying amounts beginning 2024. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code IRC limits the utilization of U.S. NOLs following a change of control. In 2020, there was a change in ownership of the PSCs. Utilization of the PSCs' NOLs are subject to an annual limitation based on changes in ownership, as defined by Sections 382/383. Any adjustment to the PSCs NOLs for Section 382 limitation would not be material to the consolidated financial statements as a full valuation allowance has been established against the NOLs from the PSCs due to uncertainty regarding their future realization. As of December 31, 2022 , we had U.S. federal and California research tax credits carryforwards of million and million, respectively. The U.S. federal research tax credits will begin to expire in 2042 while the unused California research tax credits generally may be carried forward indefinitely. At December 31, 2022, tax years 2019 and forward were subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), and tax years 2018 and forward were subject to examination by the various state taxing jurisdictions in which we are subject to tax. At December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any federal or state income tax audits. 

Increases related to prior year tax positions 

Increases related to current year tax positions 

Settlements with taxing authorities 

() 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

() 

Gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2020 

Increases related to prior year tax positions 

Increases related to current year tax positions 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

() 

Gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2021 

Increases related to prior year tax positions 

Increases related to current year tax positions 

Decreases related to prior year tax positions 

() 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

() 

Gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022 , we had gross unrecognized tax benefits of approximately million, million of which is a reduction to deferred tax assets and the remaining million which would affect our effective tax rate if recognized. The reduction in unrecognized tax benefits in 2023 due to the expiration of statute of limitations is not expected to be material. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions were not material. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, the Tax Cuts Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures as incurred and instead required taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five or fifteen years beginning in 2022. We calculated the amount of research and development expenditures required to be capitalized in 2022 and reflected the impact in our 2022 income tax expense. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA into law. The IRA contains several revisions to the Internal Revenue Code, including a corporate minimum income tax and a excise tax on corporate stock repurchases in tax years beginning after December 31, 2022 with certain exclusions for (i) repurchased shares for withholding taxes on vested RSUs and (ii) treasury shares reissued in the same tax year for settlement of stock option exercises or vesting of RSUs. While these tax law changes have no immediate effect, we will continue to evaluate its impact as further information becomes available and as we complete any share repurchases in the future. 

 million term loan under an agreement with various lenders First Lien Term Loan Facility that accrues interest at a rate per annum equal to the LIBO Screen Rate plus a variable margin based on our most recently determined Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the agreement), ranging from to . The effective interest rate on the First Lien Term Loan Facility for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. principal payments through September 2025, with any remaining unpaid principal and any accrued and unpaid interest due on the maturity date of . We may prepay the First Lien Term Loan Facility without penalty. The First Lien Term Loan Facility is collateralized by substantially all of our assets and of the equity interest of GoodRx. Our 

Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts 

() 

() 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts related to our term loan of million was recognized as interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 to and other nonfinancial covenants under the First Lien Term Loan Facility. Additionally, GoodRx is restricted from making dividend payments, loans or advances to us. At December 31, 2022 , we were in compliance with our covenants . 

2024 

2025 

Total principal payments 

Revolving Credit Facility We have a revolving credit facility for up to million Revolving Credit Facility which expires on . The Revolving Credit Facility bears interest at a rate equal to the LIBO Screen Rate plus a variable margin based on our most recently determined Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the agreement), ranging from to on used amounts and to on unused amounts. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility has a fixed fronting fee of per annum for aggregate undrawn and disbursed but unreimbursed letters of credit. We had borrowings against the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We had outstanding letters of credit issued against the Revolving Credit Facility for million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, which reduces our available borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. The outstanding letters of credit principally relate to a facility lease and will decrease by million per year commencing in 2023. 

 million for cloud hosting services pursuant to which we committed to spend approximately million per annum through 2025. Legal Contingencies On December 18, 2020, R. Brian Terenzini, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, filed a class action lawsuit against us and certain of our executive officers in the United States District Court for the Central District of California (Case No. 2:20-cv-11444). On January 8, 2021, Bryan Kearney, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, also filed a class action lawsuit against us and certain of our executive officers in the United States District Court for the Central District of California (Case No. 2:21-cv-00175). The plaintiffs sought compensatory damages as well as interest, fees and costs. The complaints alleged violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and asserted that we failed to disclose to investors that Amazon.com, Inc. was developing its own mobile and online prescription medication ordering and fulfillment service that would compete directly with us. According to the complaints, when Amazon announced its competitor service, our stock price fell, causing investor losses. On April 8, 2021, the court consolidated the lawsuits under the caption In re GoodRx Holdings, Inc. (Case No. 2:20-cv-11444) and appointed Betty Kalmanson, Lawrence Kalmanson, Shawn Kalmanson, and Janice Kasbaum as Lead Plaintiffs. On June 9, 2022, the court dismissed the consolidated case with prejudice and the consolidated case was closed as of December 31, 2022. On April 29, 2021, May 5, 2021 and September 15, 2021, Neesha Patel, Wayne Geist and Alan Pinyavat, respectively, each filed a derivative lawsuit purportedly on behalf of us against certain of our officers and directors in the United States District Court for the Central District of California (Case No. 2:21-cv-03671, Case No. 2:21-cv-03829 and Case No. 1:21-cv-01309, respectively). The plaintiffs asserted claims for breach of fiduciary duty and contribution under the Exchange Act. Neesha Patel asserted additional claims for unjust enrichment and corporate waste and Alan Pinyavat asserted additional claims for unjust enrichment, abuse of control and gross mismanagement. These claims were based on allegations substantially similar to those in the class action lawsuit described above. On August 12, 2022, Alan Pinyavat filed a notice of voluntary dismissal and the case was closed as of December 31, 2022. On August 24, 2022, the parties for the consolidated Patel and Geist case filed a joint stipulation to dismiss the consolidated case and the consolidated case was closed as of December 31, 2022. In March 2020, we received a letter from the Federal Trade Commission FTC indicating its intent to investigate our privacy and security practices to determine whether such practices comply with Section 5 of the FTC Act. In April 2020, the FTC sent an initial request for information to us regarding our sharing of data regarding individuals use of our website, app and services with service providers, including Google and Facebook. Subsequent to the initial request we timely responded to the FTC's additional information requests and follow-up questions. On January 12, 2022, staff at the FTC sent us an initial draft complaint and consent order. Notwithstanding our belief that we have complied with applicable regulations and have meritorious defenses to any claims or assertions to the contrary, on February 1, 2023, we reached a negotiated settlement with the FTC (a proposed consent order in an effort to resolve all claims and allegations arising out of or relating to the FTC investigation and includes a monetary settlement amount of million, which was accrued as a component of accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The proposed consent order also includes agreements to effect or maintain, as applicable, certain changes to our business practices, policies and compliance requirements that may impose additional costs that we do not believe would be material both individually and in the aggregate to us. The proposed consent order has been filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and was approved and entered on February 17, 2023. There have been class action litigations filed against us in relation to the allegations detailed in the FTC s proposed consent order. On February 2, 2023, Jane Doe (proceeding under a pseudonym) filed a putative nationwide class action lawsuit against us in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. On February 3, 2023, plaintiff E.C. (also proceeding under a pseudonym) filed a putative nationwide class action lawsuit against us in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. On February 17, 2023, John Doe (proceeding under a pseudonym) filed a putative nationwide class action in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The cases are substantially similar; each generally alleges that we have not adequately protected consumer privacy and that we communicated consumer information to third parties including Google, Meta, and Criteo. Plaintiffs in the Jane Doe and John Doe cases allege California common law intrusion upon seclusion and unjust enrichment claims, as well as claims under California s Medical Information Act, Invasion of Privacy Act, Consumer Legal Remedies Act, and Unfair Competition Law. Plaintiff in the John Doe case additionally brings a claim under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. Plaintiff in the E.C. case brings claims for common-law unjust enrichment and violations of New York s General Business Law. We intend to seek dismissal of the claims. Based upon information presently known, and unless otherwise stated, we have not accrued a loss for the matters described above as a loss is not probable and reasonably estimable. While it is reasonably possible a loss may have been incurred, we are unable to estimate a loss or range of loss in these matters. The pending proceedings described above involve complex questions of fact and law and may require the expenditure of significant funds and the diversion of other resources to defend. The results of legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and material adverse outcomes are reasonably possible. In addition, during the normal course of business, we may become subject to, and are presently involved in, legal proceedings, claims and litigation. S uch matters are subject to many uncertainties and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. Accruals for loss contingencies are recognized when a loss is probable, and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. Indemnifications Our amended and restated bylaws provides that we will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. Certain of our officers and directors are also a party to indemnification agreements. Pursuant to our indemnification agreements and directors and officers liability insurance, certain of our officers and directors will be indemnified and insured against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment under certain circumstances. The maximum potential amount of future payments we may be required to make under these indemnification provisions is indeterminable. We have never paid a material claim, nor have we been involved in litigation, with respect to these indemnification arrangements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we did not accrue a liability for these guarantees as the likelihood of incurring a payment obligation, if any, in connection with these guarantees is not probable or reasonably estimable. 

 million shares of our Class A common stock, par value per share at an offering price of per share. We sold million shares and certain existing stockholders sold an aggregate of million shares. We received aggregate net proceeds of million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and other offering expenses of million . In connection with our IPO: (i) million outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock with a carrying value of million were converted into an equivalent number of shares of common stock; (ii) we filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation which authorized a total of billion shares of Class A common stock, billion shares of Class B common stock, par value per share, and million shares of preferred Stock, par value per share; and (iii) million shares of our common stock then outstanding were automatically reclassified into an equivalent number of shares of our Class B common stock. As a result, following the completion of our IPO, we have two classes of authorized and outstanding common stock: Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The rights of the holders of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical except for voting and conversion rights. The holders of the Class A common stock are entitled to and the holders of the Class B common stock are entitled to votes per share. of the aggregate outstanding shares of common stock. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , million, million and million shares of Class B common stock were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Class A common stock, respectively. Concurrent with the completion of our IPO, we closed a private placement with a related party that is an existing investor for million and issued million shares of Class A common stock . Share Repurchases On February 23, 2022, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to an aggregate of million of our Class A common stock through February 23, 2024 (the repurchase program ). Repurchases under the repurchase program may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, with the amount and timing of repurchases to be determined at our discretion, depending on market conditions and corporate needs. Open market repurchases will be structured to occur in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including within the pricing and volume requirements of Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b5-1 plans to facilitate repurchases of our shares under this authorization. This repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of Class A common stock and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time at the discretion of our board of directors. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , we repurchased and retired million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million under the repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022 , we had million available for future repurchases of our Class A common stock under the repurchase program. Charitable Stock Donation In 2020, we recognized a million charge within general and administrative expenses related to our donation of million shares of Class A common stock at fair market value to a charitable organization. The charitable organization welcomes recommendations from donors regarding distributions from the donations. However, all recommendations are advisory in nature, and the charitable organization independently determines whether recommendations it receives are consistent with their charitable purposes and fiduciary obligations. The fair value of the donated shares was measured on the date of issuance to the charitable organization using our traded stock price on that date, and was discounted for lack of marketability DLOM as the stock was not freely tradeable at that time. We utilized the Finnerty Model to calculate the DLOM using inputs, including length of holding period, volatility and dividend yield, with volatility considered as a significant Level 3 input in the fair value hierarchy. 

 F- 27 
 
 million shares of common stock (either Class A or Class B common stock) may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options under the 2020 Plan. of the aggregate number of shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) such smaller number of shares as is determined by our board of directors. At December 31, 2022, million shares were available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan In connection with our IPO in 2020, our board of directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). A total of million shares of Class A common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. of the aggregate number of shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) such smaller number of shares as is determined by our board of directors. In no event will more than million shares of Class A common stock be available for issuance under the ESPP. The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase our common stock, through payroll deductions, at of the lower of the fair market value of Class A common stock on the first trading day of the offering period or on the applicable purchase date, which will be the final trading day of the applicable purchase period. The ESPP is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under the IRS Code Section 423. At December 31, 2022, million shares were available for issuance under the ESPP. At December 31, 2022 , there were employee stock purchase offerings since the adoption and approval of the ESPP. Stock Options Stock options granted generally vest of the total award on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and thereafter ratably monthly over the remaining period. Stock options generally have a term. Stock options granted under the 2015 Plan and 2020 Plan do not include any forfeitable or non-forfeitable dividend equivalent rights. 

years 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Expired / Cancelled / Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

years 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

years 

The weighted average grant date fair value per share of stock options granted for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The fair value of stock options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. All stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 were options to purchase shares of Class A common stock. - 

- 

- 

Expected term 
 
 - years 

- years 

- years 

Expected stock price volatility 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Dividend yield 

Fair value of common stock per share 
 
 5.25 - 22.02 

16.79 - 24.48 

5.94 - 33.00 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the stock-based compensation expense related to stock options was million, million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining service period of years. Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested restricted stock awards or restricted stock units at December 31, 2022 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of RSAs and RSUs that vested was million, million and million, respectively. Restricted Stock Awards The nonvested RSAs as of December 31, 2022 were originally granted in 2019 with a weighted average grant date fair value per share of . These RSAs vest on an annual basis in equal installments upon continued service over a period. The unrecognized stock-based compensation cost at December 31, 2022 related to these RSAs is expected to be fully recognized in 2023. Restricted Stock Units for Class A Common Stock In connection with and subsequent to our IPO, we have granted RSUs for Class A common stock. Substantially all of the RSUs granted vest upon continued service over a period. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs was million, million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to these RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining service period of years. Restricted Stock Units for Class B Common Stock In September 2020, our board of directors granted RSUs covering an aggregate of million shares of Class B common stock to our Co-Chief Executive Officers (the Founders Awards ), subject to the completion of our IPO and continued employment through the applicable vesting dates. Each of our Co-Chief Executive Officers received (i) million RSUs that vest based on the achievement of stock price goals ranging from per share to per share, (the Performance-Vesting Founders Awards and (ii) million RSUs that vest and settle in equal quarterly installments over , subject to certain vesting acceleration terms (the Time-Vesting Founders Awards ). The grant date fair value of these awards totaled million . We used a Monte Carlo simulation model to calculate the grant date fair value of the Performance-Vesting Founders Awards and the derived service period. The Monte Carlo simulation model incorporates the likelihood of achieving the market condition and requires the input of assumptions including the estimated fair value of common stock, expected volatility, expected term, risk-free rate and dividend yield. We then applied a DLOM to the value of the RSUs as the issuance of the shares for these awards was deferred by three-years from the applicable vesting date, or earlier, upon a qualifying change in control or to satisfy tax withholding requirements. We utilized the Finnerty Model to calculate the DLOM using inputs, including length of holding period, volatility and dividend yield. All of the Performance-Vesting Founders Awards vested in 2020, and we settled million RSUs at that time which were sufficient to satisfy certain tax withholding obligations due in the year of vesting as allowed under the terms and conditions of the agreements governing the Founders Awards. There are no risks of forfeiture after the Performance-Vesting Founders Awards vested in 2020 . As stipulated in the agreements governing the Founders Awards, the remaining million Performance-Vesting Founders Awards shares will not be settled until three years from the applicable vesting date, or October 2023, or earlier upon a change in control event, as defined in the agreements governing the Founders Awards. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized million, million and million of stock-based compensation expense, respectively, related to the Founders Awards. At December 31, 2022, we recognized a cumulative million of stock-based compensation expense related to the Founders Awards, of which million related to the Time-Vesting Founders Awards and million related to the Performance-Vesting Founders Awards. At December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to the Time-Vesting Founders Awards, of which million and million are expected to be recognized in 2023 and 2024, respectively. 

Stock options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units 

of the consolidated net assets of GoodRx Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. The condensed financial information is presented on a parent-only basis, and GoodRx Holdings, Inc. s investment in its subsidiary is stated at cost plus equity in loss of subsidiary less distributions received from subsidiary since the date of acquisition. GoodRx Holdings. Inc. s share of net loss of its subsidiary is included in net loss using the equity method of accounting. During 2022, 2021 and 2020 , GoodRx Holdings, Inc. received dividends from its subsidiary. 

Other asset 

Investment in subsidiary, net of distributions 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' equity 

Preferred stock, par value 

Common stock, par value 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Equity in loss of subsidiary 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Other asset 

() 

Other current liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Distribution from (investment in) subsidiary 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock in initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions 

Proceeds from private placement with a related party 

Repurchases of Class A common stock 

() 

Payments of initial public offering issuance costs 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from early exercise of stock options 

Employee taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

() 

Net change in cash 

() 

Cash 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

F- 32 

<EX-10>
 2
 gdrx-ex10_19.htm
 EX-10.19

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.19 

May 1, 2017 
 
 Romin Nabiey 
 
 Re: GoodRx, Inc. Offer of Employment 
 
 Dear Romin, 
 
 On behalf of GoodRx, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), we are pleased to offer you full-time employment in the position of Controller subject to the following terms and conditions. 
 
 Start Date and Location 
 
 Your employment start date will be on or before May 1, 2017. Your initial employment location will be our office in Santa Monica. 
 
 Base Salary Visa 
 
 As a full-time employee, you will initially earn a base salary of 160,000 paid twice monthly on the Company s normal payroll schedule. Your base salary will be subject to review annually as part of the Company s normal salary review process. In addition to the base salary, you will be eligible for a bonus of up to 10 of your annual base salary. The bonus will be paid on an annual basis. However, the final decision on the amount of the bonus that will be paid shall be defined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 
 Benefits 
 
 You shall be eligible to participate in all of the employee benefits and benefit plans that the Company generally makes available to its full-time regular employees, subject to the terms and conditions of such benefits and benefit plans. Detailed information about the benefits presently available will be provided to you upon your employment. You will have the privilege to take paid time away from work for any reason (e.g., illness, recreation, personal) in any increment using your own discretion. Paid Time Off (PTO) may be taken as needed while continuing to meet performance and productivity goals. Please refer to the policy for more details. 
 
 Equity 
 
 It will be recommended to the Company s Board of Directors (the Board that you be issued a nonstatutory option to purchase 40,000 shares of Common Stock of GoodRx Holdings, Inc. under the Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan of GoodRx Holdings, Inc. (the Option Plan ). The amount of shares will be determined in the sole discretion of the Board. 
 Your option shares will vest over time as you provide services to the Company or GoodRx Holdings, Inc. The vesting schedule shall be over a four-year period, with 25 of the shares 

{00074383.DOC;1 } 

vesting upon the first anniversary of your employment start date with the Company, and thereafter the remainder vesting at the rate of 1/48th of the total shares per month over the next thirty-six months, subject to your continuous employment with the Company. The exercise price of the option shares will be at least the fair market value of the Common Stock of GoodRx Holdings, Inc. per share on the date of grant by the Board. The option will be evidenced by the standard Stock Option Agreement of GoodRx Holdings, Inc., and will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Option Plan. 
 
 Name Likeness Rights 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company to use, reuse, and to grant others the right to use and reuse your name, photograph, likeness, voice, and biographical information, and any reproduction or simulation thereof, in any media now known or hereafter developed (including but not limited to film, video, and digital, or other electronic media), both during and after your employment, for whatever purposes the Company deems necessary. 
 
 No Expectation of Privacy 
 
 You recognize and agree that you have no expectation of privacy with respect to the Company s telecommunications, networking or information processing systems (including, without limitation, stored computer files, email messages and voice messages) and that your activity, and any files or messages, on or using any of those systems may be monitored at any time without notice. 
 
 At Will Employment 
 
 Employment with the Company is at-will. This means that it is not for any specified period of time and can be terminated either by you or by the Company at any time, with or without advance notice, and for any or no particular reason or cause. It also means that your job duties, title, responsibilities, reporting level, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company s personnel policies and procedures, may be changed with or without notice at any time in the sole discretion of the Company. The at-will nature of your employment is one aspect of our employment relationship that will not change during your tenure as an employee, except by way of written agreement expressly altering the at-will employment relationship and signed by you and by the Company s President. 
 
 Reporting and Loyalty 
 
 You will initially report to Mike Jeon. Your report may be changed from time to time by the Company. 
 
 You agree to the best of your ability and experience that you will loyally and conscientiously perform all of the duties and obligations required of you. During your employment, you will devote substantially all of your business time and attention to the business of the Company, the Company will be entitled to all of the benefits and profits arising from or incident to all such work services and advice, you will not render commercial or professional services of any nature 

{00074383.DOC;1 } 
 GoodRx, Inc. 
 
 to any person or organization, whether or not for compensation, without the prior written consent of the Company s Board of Directors, and you will not directly or indirectly engage or participate in any business that is competitive in any manner with the business of the Company. Nothing in this letter will prevent you from accepting speaking or presentation engagements in exchange for honoraria or from serving on boards of charitable organizations, or from owning no more than 1 of the outstanding equity securities of a corporation whose stock is listed on a national stock exchange. 
 
 By signing and accepting this offer, you represent and warrant that: (i) you are not subject to any pre-existing contractual or other legal obligation with any person, company or business enterprise which may be an impediment to your employment with, or your providing services to, the Company as its employee or officer; and (ii) you have not and shall not bring onto Company premises, or use in the course of your employment with the Company, any confidential or proprietary information of another person, company or business enterprise to whom you previously provided services. 
 
 Conditions 
 
 This offer, and any employment pursuant to this offer, is conditioned upon the following: 
 
 Your ability to provide satisfactory documentary proof of your identity and right to work in the United States of America on or before your third day of employment. 

Your signed agreement to, and ongoing compliance with, the terms of the Company s 

Proprietary Information and Invention Assignment Agreement. 
 
 Your execution and return of the enclosed copy of this letter to Mike Jeon no later than 5:00 pm pacific time, March 24, 2017 after which time this offer will expire. 

Entire Agreement 
 
 If you accept this offer, and the conditions of this offer are satisfied, this letter and the written agreements referenced in this letter shall constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company with respect to the terms and conditions of your employment. This letter agreement shall supersede any existing employment arrangement or agreement with the Company. Any representations, whether written or oral, not contained in this letter or contrary to those contained in this letter that may have been made to you are expressly cancelled and superseded by this offer. Except as otherwise specified in this letter, the terms and conditions of your employment pursuant to this letter may not be changed, except by a writing authorized by the Board of Directors. California law shall govern this agreement. If any provision of this letter agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed, and the remaining provisions shall continue to be valid and enforceable. 

{00074383.DOC;1 } 
 GoodRx, Inc. 
 
 Sincerely , 

GOODRX , INC. 
 
 By 
 /s/ Trevor Bezdek 
 
 Trevor Bezdek , Co-CEO 

I accept the above offer, and will begin employment on the date set forth below: 

GoodRx, Inc. 

Dated : 

GoodRx, Inc. 
 
 March 22 , 2017 

GoodRx, Inc. 
 
 /s/ Romin Nabiey 

Signature 

GoodRx, Inc. 
 
 Start date: May 1, 2017 

{00074383DOC;l } 
 
 GoodRx, Inc. 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 gdrx-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 

Legal Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

GoodRx Intermediate Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

GoodRx, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Iodine, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

GoodRx Care, LLC FKA HeyDoctor, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Lighthouse Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

Scriptcycle, LLC 
 
 North Carolina 

HealthiNation Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

RxSaver, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Buckeye Acquisition, LLC DBA RxNXT 
 
 Delaware 

flipMD, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Pharmacy Services, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

vitaCare Prescription Services, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 gdrx-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-263118, No. 333-254184 and No. 333-249069) of GoodRx Holdings, Inc. of our report dated February 28, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 gdrx-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Douglas Hirsch, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GoodRx Holdings, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Douglas Hirsch 

Douglas Hirsch 

Director and Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 gdrx-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Trevor Bezdek, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GoodRx Holdings, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Trevor Bezdek 

Trevor Bezdek 

Director and Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 gdrx-ex31_3.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Karsten Voermann, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GoodRx Holdings, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Karsten Voermann 

Karsten Voermann 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 gdrx-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of GoodRx Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Douglas Hirsch 

Douglas Hirsch 

Director and Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 gdrx-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of GoodRx Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Trevor Bezdek 

Trevor Bezdek 

Director and Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 10
 gdrx-ex32_3.htm
 EX-32.3

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of GoodRx Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1)	The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Karsten Voermann 

Karsten Voermann 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 gdrx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 gdrx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 gdrx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 gdrx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 gdrx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

