<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1829576_0001829576-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26904403</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>369097</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2881285</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12297015</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5364036</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5432646</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829576-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310084528
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829576-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Carter Bankshares, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001829576
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				853365661
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39731
		FILM NUMBER:		23721746

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 KINGS MOUNTAIN ROAD
		CITY:			MARTINSVILLE
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		276-656-1776

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 KINGS MOUNTAIN ROAD
		CITY:			MARTINSVILLE
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829576-23-000009.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 care-20221231.htm
 10-K

care-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Table of Contents 

 Large accelerated filer 
 
 x 
 Emerging growth company 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 o Smaller reporting company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of Carter Bankshares, Inc. s common stock held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common stock, as of June 30, 2022 was . 
 There were shares of common stock of Carter Bankshares, Inc. outstanding as of March 7, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 31 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 6. 
 [ Reserved ] 
 34 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 62 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 121 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 121 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 122 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 122 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 123 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 123 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 123 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 124 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 124 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 125 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 128 
 Signatures 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 Important Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains or incorporates certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements that relate to our financial condition, market conditions, results of operations, plans, objectives, outlook for earnings, revenues, expenses, capital and liquidity levels and ratios, asset levels and asset quality. Forward looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as will likely result, expect, anticipate, estimate, forecast, project, intend, believe, assume, strategy, trend, plan, outlook, outcome, continue, remain, potential, opportunity, comfortable, current, position, maintain, sustain, seek, achieve and variations of such words and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, would, should, could or may. 
 These statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and often are beyond the Company's control. Although we believe the assumptions upon which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could be incorrect. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those made, projected, or implied in or by the forward-looking statements including, but not limited to the effects of: 
 market interest rates and the impacts of market interest rates on economic conditions, customer behavior, and the Company s loan and securities portfolios; 
 inflation, market and monetary fluctuations; 
 changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws of the U.S. government, including policies of the Federal Reserve; 
 changes in tax laws; 
 the security of our electronic systems and information; 
 technological risks and developments, and cyber-security threats, attacks or events; 
 rapid technological developments and changes; 
 changes in the Company s liquidity and capital positions; 
 concentrations of loans secured by real estate, particularly commercial real estate, and the potential impacts of changes in market conditions on the value of real estate collateral; 
 an insufficient allowance for credit losses ACL 
 the potential adverse effects of unusual and infrequently occurring events, such as weather-related disasters, terrorist acts, war and other military conflicts (such as the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine) or public health events (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), and of any governmental and societal responses thereto; these potential adverse effects may include, without limitation, adverse effects on the ability of the Company's borrowers to satisfy their obligations to the Company, on the value of collateral securing loans, on the demand for the Company's loans or its other products and services, on incidents of cyberattack and fraud, on the Company s liquidity or capital positions, on risks posed by reliance on third-party service providers, on other aspects of the Company's business operations and on financial markets and economic growth; 
 a change in spreads on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities; 
 regulatory supervision and oversight, including our relationship with regulators and any actions that may be initiated by our regulators; 
 legislation affecting the financial services industry as a whole (such as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022), and the Company and the Bank, in particular; 
 the outcome of pending and future litigation and governmental proceedings; 
 increasing price and product/service competition; 

Table of Contents 

 the ability to continue to introduce competitive new products and services on a timely, cost-effective basis; managing our internal growth and acquisitions; 
 the possibility that the anticipated benefits from acquisitions cannot be fully realized in a timely manner or at all, or that integrating the acquired operations will be more difficult, disruptive or more costly than anticipated; 
 material increases in costs and expenses; 
 reliance on significant customer relationships; 
 general economic or business conditions, including unemployment levels, continuing supply chain disruptions and slowdowns in economic growth; 
 significant weakening of the local economies in which we operate; 
 changes in customer behaviors, including consumer spending, borrowing and saving habits; 
 changes in deposit flows and loan demand; 
 our failure to attract or retain key employees; 
 expansions or consolidations in the Company s branch network, including that the anticipated benefits of the Company s branch network optimization project are not fully realized in a timely manner or at all; 
 deterioration of the housing market and reduced demand for mortgages; and 
 re-emergence of turbulence in significant portions of the global financial and real estate markets that could impact our performance, both directly, by affecting our revenues and the value of our assets and liabilities, and indirectly, by affecting the economy generally and access to capital in the amounts, at the times and on the terms required to support our future businesses. 
 Many of these factors, as well as other factors, are described throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and any of our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time the statements are made. We caution you not to unduly rely on forward-looking statements because the assumptions, beliefs, expectations and projections about future events are expressed in or implied by a forward-looking statement may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as to the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update, revise or clarify any forward-looking statement to reflect developments occurring after the statement is made. 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 PART 1 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 Carter Bankshares, Inc. (the Company is a holding company headquartered in Martinsville, Virginia with assets of 4.2 billion at December 31, 2022. The Company is the parent company of its wholly owned subsidiary, Carter Bank Trust (the Bank ). The Bank is an Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured, Virginia state-chartered commercial bank which operates 66 branches in Virginia and North Carolina. The Bank provides a full range of retail and commercial financial products and services and insurance products. 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context suggests otherwise, the terms we, us and our refer to the Company and its subsidiaries, including the Bank. 
 History and Holding Company Reorganization 
 The Bank commenced business on December 29, 2006, following the effectiveness of the concurrent merger of ten banking institutions. The ten merged banks and their respective main office locations were Blue Ridge Bank, N.A. (Floyd, Virginia); Central National Bank (Lynchburg, Virginia); Community National Bank (South Boston, Virginia); First National Bank (Rock Mount, Virginia); First National Exchange Bank (Roanoke, Virginia); Mountain National Bank (Galax, Virginia); Patrick Henry National Bank (Martinsville, Virginia); Patriot Bank, N.A. (Fredericksburg, Virginia); Peoples National Bank (Danville, Virginia); and Shenandoah National Bank (Staunton, Virginia). 
 The Company was incorporated on October 7, 2020, by and at the direction of the board of directors of the Bank, for the sole purpose of acquiring the Bank and serving as the Bank s parent bank holding company pursuant to a corporate reorganization transaction (the Reorganization . On November 9, 2020, the Bank entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Reorganization Agreement with the Company and CBT Merger Sub, Inc. (the Merger Sub ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which the Reorganization would be effected. Effective at 7:00 p.m. on November 20, 2020 (the Effective Time ), under the terms of the Reorganization Agreement and pursuant to Section 13.1-719.1 of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act (the VSCA ), the Bank merged with the Merger Sub and survived such merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company had no material assets and had not conducted any business or operations except for activities related to the Company s organization and the Reorganization. 
 At the Effective Time, under the terms of the Reorganization Agreement and pursuant to Section 13.1-719.1 of the VSCA, each of the outstanding shares of the Bank s common stock, par value 1.00 per share, formerly held by its shareholders was converted into and exchanged for one newly issued share of the Company s common stock, par value 1.00 per share, and the Bank became the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary. The shares of the Company s common stock issued to the Bank s shareholders were issued without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(12) of the Act. Pursuant to Section 13.1-719.1 of the VSCA, the Reorganization did not require approval of the Bank s shareholders. 
 In the Reorganization, each shareholder of the Bank received securities of the same class, having substantially the same designations, rights, powers, preferences, qualifications, limitations and restrictions, as those that the shareholder held in the Bank. 
 Prior to the Effective Time, the Bank s common stock was registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Bank was subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance with Section 12(i) thereof, it filed annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). Upon consummation of the Reorganization, the Company s common stock was deemed to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) promulgated thereunder, and the Company now files annual reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. 
 The Company s common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market NASDAQ under the ticker symbol CARE. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS - (continued) 

 Operations 
 The Company is a bank holding company that conducts its business solely through the Bank. The Bank earns revenue primarily from interest on loans and securities and fees charged for financial services provided to customers. The Bank incurs expenses for the cost of deposits, provision for credit losses and other operating costs such as salaries and employee benefits, data processing, occupancy and tax expense. 
 The Bank s mission is to be the preferred lifetime financial partner for customers and shareholders, and the employer of choice in the communities the Bank is privileged to serve. Our strategic plan focuses on restructuring the balance sheet to provide more diversification and higher yielding assets to increase our net interest margin. Another area of focus is the transformation of the infrastructure of the Bank to provide a foundation for operational efficiency and new products and services for our customers that will ultimately increase noninterest income. 
 Our focus continues to be on loan and deposit growth with a shift in the composition of deposits to lower cost core deposits with less dependence on higher cost certificates of deposits CDs ). We also continue to focus on implementing opportunities to increase fee income while closely monitoring our operating expenses. The Bank is also focused on executing our strategy to successfully build our brand and grow our business in our markets. 
 The Bank offers a full range of deposit services including Lifetime Free Checking, interest checking accounts, savings accounts, retirement accounts and other deposit accounts of various types, ranging from money market accounts to longer-term CDs. These products and services are available to our personal and business customers. The transaction accounts and CDs are tailored to each of the Bank's principal markets at competitive rates. All deposit accounts are insured by the FDIC up to the maximum amount allowed by law. 
 The Bank also offers a full range of commercial and consumer loans. Commercial loans include both secured and unsecured loans, real estate construction and acquisition loans, and commercial and industrial loans. Consumer loans include residential mortgage, secured and unsecured loans for financing automobiles, home improvements, education, overdraft protection, personal investments and credit cards. The Bank also originates and holds fixed and variable rate mortgage loans and offers home equity lines of credit to its customers. 
 The Bank's lending activities are subject to a variety of lending limits imposed by federal law. While differing limits apply in certain circumstances based on the type of loan or the nature of the borrower (including the borrower's relationship to the Bank), in general the Bank is subject to a loan to one borrower limit of an amount equal to 15 of the Bank's unimpaired capital and surplus. The Bank may not make loans to any director, officer, associate or 10 shareholder of the Company unless the loan is approved by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board and is made on terms no more favorable than loans made available to a person not affiliated with the Bank. 
 Our other bank services include safe deposit boxes, direct deposit of payroll and social security checks and debit cards. Online banking products including a full suite of digital tools including: online and mobile banking, online account opening, bill pay, eStatements (paperless electronic statements), mobile deposit, Zelle , CardValet , digital wallet, and MoneyPass network of ATMs. Treasury and corporate cash management services are also available to our business customers. The Bank also provides title insurance and other financial institution-related products and services. The Bank has no current plans to exercise trust powers. 
 The Bank has one wholly owned subsidiary, CB T Investment Company the Investment Company ), which was chartered effective April 1, 2019. The Investment Company was formed to hold and manage a group of investments previously owned by the Bank and to provide additional latitude to purchase other investments. 
 The Company is a Virginia business corporation subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. As such, the Company is subject to supervision and examination by, and the regulations and reporting requirements of, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FRB ). The Company s principal office, which is the same as the Bank s principal office, is located at 1300 Kings Mountain Road, Martinsville, Virginia 24112. The Company s telephone number at that address is (276) 656-1776. The Company s website address is www.cbtcares.com. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS - (continued) 

 Competition 
 The Bank experiences significant competition in attracting depositors and borrowers. Competition in lending activities comes principally from other commercial banks, savings associations, insurance companies, governmental agencies, credit unions, brokerage firms and other non-bank lenders including mortgage companies and consumer finance companies. Competition for deposits comes from other commercial banks, savings associations, money market and mutual funds, credit unions, insurance companies and brokerage firms. Some of the financial organizations competing with the Bank have greater financial resources than the Bank. Certain of these financial organizations also have greater geographic coverage and some offer bank and bank-related services that the Bank does not offer. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Our associates are the engine that drives our mission to be the preferred lifetime financial partner for the communities in which we are privileged to serve. Our core values of building lasting relationships, inclusivity, and optimism are key to building and maintaining a team-oriented environment with associates that are engaged in open communication to help each other serve, learn, and grow. Our investment in competitive compensation, health benefits, wellness programs, and a focus on healthy work-life integration allows our associates to provide a high level of professional service to our customers. At Carter Bankshares, Inc., caring is what we ll always do best. 
 Associates 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 667 full-time associates and five part-time associates across our two-state footprint. No associates are represented by a collective bargaining unit. For fiscal year 2022, we hired 151 associates and our voluntary separation turnover rate was 22.4 . 
 Compensation, Benefits, and Wellness 
 Our compensation strategy includes the development of job descriptions that are reviewed annually. We use market-based compensation and benefits data to provide competitive salaries and benefits to our associates. We offer paid leave, health benefits, wellness programs, a 401(k) program with matching and employer contributions, restricted stock awards for high performing associates, flexible spending accounts, and employee assistance programs to all eligible associates. We bring in external professionals who conduct wellness programs, which has been especially effective during the COVID-19 pandemic, to help our associates remain focused on their health and wellness. 
 Associate Performance and Development 
 The development and performance of our associates is centered on open dialogue that provides the associate with our expectations for their role and management with the opportunity to understand associates career aspirations. Our performance review process uses core competencies and a standardized rating system to measure performance. Associates are provided the opportunity at the start of the review cycle to perform a self-assessment including comments on their performance. These self-assessments are available for leaders to review as they develop an associate s overall performance rating. The performance review is used as a factor for the merit increase process. 
 The Bank conducts a standard New Hire Orientation program that associates attend on their first day of employment so new associates receive consistent information to jump start their new opportunity with the Bank. Associates also complete an average of 15 hours of regulatory and compliance training each year, in addition to training specific to their job duties and responsibilities. The Bank also develops and conducts programs to provide leaders with the tools and resources they need to develop their associates and build high-performing teams. Associates are given opportunities to attend webinars and enroll in outside classes to enrich their professional goals. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 We strive to promote inclusion through our core Company values and behaviors. We use various communication channels to develop an engaged workforce and create an inclusive workplace. In 2021, we created a Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council (the DEI Council that is overseen by our Chief Executive Officer (or CEO and directed by our Chief Human 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS - (continued) 

 Resources Officer and our Regulatory Risk Management Director. The DEI Council consists of at least 10 associates from across our organization and is focused on collecting information, developing a roadmap, and presenting information to management to further the Bank s efforts of identifying focus areas and recommending action plans to cultivate a culture that will attract and retain a diverse workforce. 
 Here is a snapshot of our diversity metrics as of December 31, 2022: 
 Gender of Total Workforce Female 79.00 Male 21.00 
 Generation of Total Workforce Generation Z (1997 and later) 8.90 Millennials (1981 - 1996) 38.30 Generation X (1965 1980) 31.00 Baby Boomers (1946 1964) 20.80 Silent Generation (before 1946) 1.00 
 Ethnicity of Total Workforce American Indian / Alaskan Native 0.20 Asian 0.90 Black or African American 10.20 Hispanic or Latino 2.20 Not specified 0.90 Two or more races 2.10 White 83.50 
 We continue our commitment to equal employment opportunities by focusing on attracting, developing and retaining a diverse workforce. We launched an annual engagement survey that includes a section to inform the Bank on many areas of engagement, including inclusion. Our leaders continue to use this data to inform decisions on how to continue to develop a diverse workforce. 
 Talent Acquisition and Retention 
 We focus on fairness and equitable approaches to create an environment where all of our associates can develop and thrive. Our efforts include ongoing reviews of our selection and hiring practices alongside a continued focus on pay analysis to offer our associates salaries based on their experience, knowledge, skills, abilities, and fit for a position s duties and responsibilities. 
 Our talent acquisition program uses various external partners to reach a diverse population of candidates. We have developed training programs that prepare associates for their roles and responsibilities. Our leaders identify and work with our Human Resources teams to promote associates when opportunities are available. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 General 
 Bank holding companies, banks and their affiliates are extensively regulated under federal and state law. Consequently, the growth and earnings performance of the Company and the Bank can be affected not only by management decisions and general economic conditions, but also by the statutes administered by, and the regulations and policies of, various governmental regulatory authorities including, but not limited to, the Bureau of Financial Institutions (the Bureau of the Virginia State Corporation Commission (the SCC ), the FDIC, the FRB, the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), federal and state taxing authorities, and the SEC. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS - (continued) 

 The following summary briefly describes significant provisions of currently applicable federal and state laws and certain regulations and the potential impact of such provisions. This summary is not complete, and we refer you to the particular statutory or regulatory provisions or proposals for more information. Because regulation of financial institutions changes regularly and is the subject of constant legislative and regulatory debate, we cannot forecast how federal and state regulation and supervision of financial institutions may change in the future and affect the Company s and the Bank s operations. 
 Regulatory Reform 
 The financial crisis of 2008, including the downturn of global economic, financial and money markets and the threat of collapse of numerous financial institutions, and other events led to the adoption of numerous laws and regulations that apply to, and focus on, financial institutions. The most significant of these laws is the The Dodd-Frank Act Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), signed into law on July 21, 2010, which, in part, was intended to implement significant structural reforms to the financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act implemented far-reaching changes across the financial regulatory landscape, including changes that have significantly affected the business of all bank holding companies and banks, including the Company and the Bank. Some of the rules that have been proposed and, in some cases, adopted to comply with the Dodd-Frank Act's mandates are discussed further below. 
 In May 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the EGRRCPA was enacted to reduce the regulatory burden on certain banking organizations, including community banks, by modifying or eliminating certain federal regulatory requirements. In particular, the EGRRCPA amended certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act as well as statutes administered by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. Certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and changes thereto resulting from the enactment of EGRRCPA that may affect the Company and the Bank are discussed below in more detail. 
 The Company and the Bank continue to experience ongoing regulatory reform. These regulatory changes could have a significant effect on how we conduct business. The specific implications of the Dodd-Frank Act, the EGRRCPA, and other potential regulatory reforms cannot yet be fully predicted and will depend to a large extent on the specific regulations that are to be adopted in the future. 
 Regulation of the Company and the Bank 
 As a Virginia bank holding company, the Company is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the BHCA and regulation and supervision by the FRB, and also is subject to the bank holding company laws of Virginia and is subject to regulation and supervision by the SCC and the Bureau. Pursuant to the BHCA, the FRB has the power to order any bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary when it has reasonable grounds to believe that continuation of such activity or ownership constitutes a serious risk to the financial soundness, safety or stability of any bank subsidiary of the bank holding company. The FRB and the FDIC have adopted guidelines and released interpretative materials that establish operational and managerial standards to promote the safe and sound operation of banks and bank holding companies. These standards relate to the institution s key operating functions, including but not limited to capital management, internal controls, internal audit systems, information systems, data and cybersecurity, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure and risk management, vendor management, executive management and its compensation, corporate governance, asset growth, asset quality, earnings, liquidity and risk management. 
 The BHCA applicable Virginia bank holding company laws generally limit the activities of a bank holding company and its subsidiaries to that of banking, managing or controlling banks, or any other activity that is closely related to banking or to managing or controlling banks. The BHCA also permits interstate banking acquisitions subject to certain conditions, including national and state concentration limits. The FRB has jurisdiction under the BHCA to approve any bank or non-bank acquisition, merger or consolidation proposed by a bank holding company. A bank holding company must be well capitalized and well managed to engage in an interstate bank acquisition or merger, and banks may branch across state lines provided that the law of the state in which the branch is to be located would permit establishment of the branch if the bank were a state bank chartered by such state. In addition, applicable Virginia law requires prior notice to the Virginia SCC before a Virginia bank holding company may acquire more than 5 of the shares of, or otherwise gain control of, any entity other than a bank, bank holding company or other financial institution. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS - (continued) 

 The Bank is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the Bureau and the Bank s primary federal regulator, the FDIC. Federal and state laws and regulations generally applicable to financial institutions regulate, among other things, the scope of business, investments, reserves against deposits, capital levels relative to operations, the nature and amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches, mergers, consolidations and dividends. The system of supervision and regulation applicable to the Bank establishes a comprehensive framework for its operations and is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC s deposit insurance funds and the depositors. The Bank is not a member of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Banking Acquisitions; Changes in Control 
 The BHCA and related regulations require, among other things, the prior approval of the FRB in any case where a bank holding company proposes to (i) acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the outstanding voting stock of any bank or bank holding company (unless it already owns a majority of such voting shares), (ii) acquire all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company, or (iii) merge or consolidate with any other bank holding company. In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, the FRB will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, the public benefits expected to be received from the acquisition, any outstanding regulatory compliance issues of any institution that is a party to the transaction, the projected capital ratios and levels on a post-acquisition basis, the financial condition of each institution that is a party to the transaction and of the combined institution after the transaction, the parties managerial resources and risk management and governance processes and systems, the parties compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering requirements, and the acquiring institution s performance under the Community Reinvestment Act and its compliance with fair housing and other consumer protection laws. 
 On July 9, 2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order on Promoting Competition in the American Economy, which, among other initiatives, encouraged the review of current practices and adoption of a plan for the revitalization of merger oversight under the BHCA and the Bank Merger Act. On March 25, 2022, the FDIC published a Request for Information seeking information and comments regarding the regulatory framework that applies to merger transactions involving one or more insured depository institution. Making any formal changes to the framework for evaluating bank mergers would require an extended process, and any such changes are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. However, the adoption of more expansive or stringent standards may have an impact on the Company s acquisition activity. Additionally, this Executive Order could influence the federal bank regulatory agencies expectations and supervisory oversight for banking acquisitions. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, the BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act, together with the applicable regulations, require FRB approval (or, depending on the circumstances, no notice of disapproval) prior to any person or company s acquiring control of a bank or bank holding company. A conclusive presumption of control exists if an individual or company acquires the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the management or policies of an insured depository institution or to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities of any insured depository institution. A rebuttable presumption of control exists if a person or company acquires 10 or more but less than 25 of any class of voting securities of an insured depository institution and either the institution has registered its securities with the SEC under Section 12 of the Exchange Act or no other person will own a greater percentage of that class of voting securities immediately after the acquisition. The Company s common stock is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 On April 1, 2020, the FRB issued a rule for determining whether a company has control over a bank or other company for purposes of the BHCA, and the control presumptions promulgated under Regulation Y, became effective. The rule provides specific guidance for the FRB s approach to certain control evaluations, including a tiered framework incorporating a series of presumptions based on ownership of a class of voting securities. A company may be presumed to be in control of a target second company based on five levels of ownership of voting securities: (i) less than five percent; (ii) five percent; (iii) ten percent; (iv) 15 percent; (v) 25 percent; and (vi) with a presumption triggered at levels below 25 percent, depending on whether any of nine types of relationships exist (i.e., directors and director service positions, business relationships and business terms, officer/employee interlocks, contractual powers, proxy contests involving directors, and total equity ownership) and, at the same time, ownership of a class of voting securities exceeds certain thresholds. A presumption of control (once triggered) does not automatically result in a control determination under the BHCA as such presumptions may be rebutted. The rule applies only to questions of control under the BHCA, but does not extend to the Change in Bank Control Act. 
 In addition, Virginia law requires the prior approval of the SCC for (i) the acquisition by a Virginia bank holding company of more than 5 of the voting shares of a Virginia bank or a Virginia bank holding company, or (ii) the acquisition by any other person of control of a Virginia bank holding company or a Virginia bank. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS - (continued) 

 Certain Transactions by Insured Banks with their Affiliates 
 There are statutory restrictions related to the extent bank holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries may borrow, obtain credit from or otherwise engage in covered transactions with their insured depository institution (i.e., banking) subsidiaries. In general, an affiliate of a bank includes the bank s parent holding company and any subsidiary thereof. However, an affiliate does not generally include the bank s operating subsidiaries. A bank (and its subsidiaries) may not lend money to, or engage in other covered transactions with, its non-bank affiliates if the aggregate amount of covered transactions outstanding involving the bank, plus the proposed transaction, exceeds the following limits: (a) in the case of any one such affiliate, the aggregate amount of covered transactions of the bank and its subsidiaries cannot exceed 10 percent of the bank s capital stock and surplus; and (b) in the case of all affiliates, the aggregate amount of covered transactions of the bank and its subsidiaries cannot exceed 20 percent of the bank s capital stock and surplus. Covered transactions are defined to include a loan or extension of credit to an affiliate, a purchase of or investment in securities issued by an affiliate, a purchase of assets from an affiliate, the acceptance of securities issued by an affiliate as collateral for a loan or extension of credit to any person or company, the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit on behalf of an affiliate, securities borrowing or lending transactions with an affiliate that creates a credit exposure to such affiliate, or a derivatives transaction with an affiliate that creates a credit exposure to such affiliate. Certain covered transactions are also subject to collateral security requirements. 
 Covered transactions as well as other types of transactions between a bank and a bank holding company must be on market terms, which means that the transaction must be conducted on terms and under circumstances that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the bank, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with or involving nonaffiliates or, in the absence of comparable transactions, that in good faith would be offered to or would apply to nonaffiliates. Moreover, certain amendments to the BHCA provide that, to further competition, a bank holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tying arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of property of any kind, or furnishing of any service. 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 All financial institutions are required to maintain minimum levels of regulatory capital. The FDIC establishes risk-based and leveraged capital standards for the financial institutions they regulate. The FDIC also may impose capital requirements in excess of these standards on a case-by-case basis for various reasons, including financial condition or actual or anticipated growth. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank qualified as a well capitalized institution. Refer to Note 20, Capital Adequacy, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, federal banking agencies adopted a final rule in late August 2020 that allowed the Company to phase in the impact of adopting the Current Expected Credit Losses CECL methodology up to two years, with a three-year transition period to phase out the cumulative benefit to regulatory capital provided during the two-year delay. The Company adopted the CECL methodology effective January 1, 2021. Refer to Capital Resources in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A ), of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding the impact of this final rule on the Company s regulatory capital. 
 Basel III Capital Framework 
 The FRB and the FDIC have adopted rules to implement the Basel III capital framework as outlined by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and standards for calculating risk-weighted assets and risk-based capital measurements (collectively, the Basel III Final Rules that apply to banking institutions they supervise and to bank holding companies. For the purposes of the Basel III Final Rules, (i) common equity tier 1 capital (CET1) consists principally of common stock (including surplus) and retained earnings; (ii) Tier 1 capital consists principally of CET1 plus non-cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, and certain grandfathered cumulative preferred stocks and trust preferred securities; and (iii) Tier 2 capital consists of other capital instruments, principally qualifying subordinated debt and preferred stock, and limited amounts of an institution s allowance for credit losses. Each regulatory capital classification is subject to certain adjustments and limitations, as implemented by the Basel III Final Rules. The Basel III Final Rules also establish risk weightings that are applied to many classes of assets held by community banks, importantly including applying higher risk weightings to certain commercial real estate loans. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS - (continued) 

 The Basel III Final Rules also include a requirement that banks and bank holding companies maintain additional capital (the capital conservation buffer ). The Basel III Final Rules and capital conservation buffer require: 
 a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5 , plus a 2.5 capital conservation buffer (which is added to the minimum CET1 ratio, effectively resulting in a required ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7 ); 
 a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (effectively resulting in a required Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 ); 
 a minimum ratio of total capital (that is, Tier 1 plus Tier 2) capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (effectively resulting in a required total capital ratio of 10.5 ); and 
 a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 , calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average total assets, subject to certain adjustments and limitations. 
 The Basel III Final Rules provide deductions from and adjustments to regulatory capital measures, primarily to CET1, including deductions and adjustments that were not applied to reduce CET1 under historical regulatory capital rules. For example, mortgage servicing rights, deferred tax assets dependent upon future taxable income, and significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities must be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeds 10 of CET1 or all such categories in the aggregate exceed 15 of CET1. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements under the Basel III Final Rules. 
 Community Bank Leverage Ratio 
 As a result of the EGRRCPA, the federal banking agencies issued a rule in September 2019 that permits qualifying banks with less than 10 billion in consolidated assets to elect to be subject to a 9 leverage ratio applied using less complex leverage calculations (the Community Bank Leverage Ratio Framework or CBLRF ). Banks that opt into the CBLRF and maintain a leverage ratio of greater than 9 are not subject to other risk-based and leverage capital requirements and are deemed to meet Basel III Final Rules well capitalized ratio requirements. To qualify for the CBLRF, a bank must have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, limited amounts of off-balance sheet exposures and trading assets and liabilities, and a leverage ratio greater than 9 . A bank that elects the CBLRF and has a leverage ratio greater than 9 will be considered to be in compliance with Basel III capital requirements and exempt from the complex Basel III calculations. A bank that falls out of compliance with the CBLRF will have a two-quarter grace period to come back into full compliance, provided that its leverage ratio remains above 8 (a bank will be deemed well-capitalized during the grace period). The CBLRF became available for banking organizations to use as of March 31, 2020 (with the flexibility for banking organizations to subsequently opt into or out of the CBLRF, as applicable). As of December 31, 2022, the Bank has not elected to apply the CBLRF, but the Bank continues to assess the potential impact of opting in to CBLRF as part of its ongoing capital management and planning processes. 
 Dividend Limitations 
 The Company is a legal entity that is separate and distinct from the Bank. A significant portion of the revenues of the Company result from dividends paid to it by the Bank. Both the Company and the Bank are subject to laws and regulations that limit the payment of dividends, including limits on the sources of dividends and requirements to maintain capital at or above regulatory minimums. Banking regulators have indicated that Virginia banking organizations should generally pay dividends only (1) from net undivided profits of the bank, after providing for all expenses, losses, interest and taxes accrued or due by the bank and (2) if the prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. In addition, FRB supervisory guidance indicates that the FRB may have safety and soundness concerns if a bank holding company pays dividends that exceed earnings for the period in which the dividend is being paid. Further, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIA prohibits insured depository institutions such as the Bank from making capital distributions, including paying dividends, if, after making such distribution, the institution would become undercapitalized as defined in the statute. We do not expect that any of these laws, regulations or policies will materially affect the ability of the Company or the Bank to pay dividends. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS - (continued) 

 Insurance of Accounts, Assessments and Regulation by the FDIC 
 Deposits with the Bank are insured through the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF of the FDIC. As a DIF-insured institution, the Bank is subject to FDIC rules and regulations as administrator of the DIF. The Dodd-Frank Act made permanent the current standard maximum deposit insurance amount of 250,000. The FDIC coverage applies per depositor, per insured depository institution, for each account ownership category. The FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of and to require reporting by DIF-insured institutions. 
 The FDIC is authorized to prohibit any DIF-insured institution from engaging in any activity that the FDIC determines by regulation or order to pose a serious threat to the insurance fund. Also, the FDIC may initiate enforcement actions against banks after first giving the institution s primary regulatory authority an opportunity to take such action. The FDIC may terminate the deposit insurance of any depository institution, including the Bank, if it determines, after a hearing, that the institution has engaged or is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, order or any condition imposed in writing by the FDIC. It also may suspend deposit insurance temporarily during the hearing process for the permanent termination of insurance, if the institution has no tangible capital. If deposit insurance is terminated, the deposits at the institution at the time of termination, less subsequent withdrawals, shall continue to be insured for a period from six months to two years, as determined by the FDIC. Management is aware of no existing circumstances that could result in termination of the Bank s deposit insurance. 
 The DIF is funded by assessments on banks and other depository institutions calculated based on average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity (defined as Tier 1 capital). The actual assessment to be paid by each DIF member is based on the institution s assessment risk classification and whether the institution is considered by its supervisory agency to be financially sound or to have supervisory concerns. As required by the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC has adopted a large-bank pricing assessment scheme, set a target designated reserve ratio (described in more detail below) of 2 for the DIF and, in lieu of dividends, provides for a lower assessment rate schedule when the reserve ratio reaches 2 and 2.5 . An institution's assessment rate is based on a statistical analysis of financial ratios that estimates the likelihood of failure over a three-year period, which considers the institution s weighted average CAMELS composite rating, and is subject to further adjustments including those related to levels of unsecured debt and brokered deposits. At December 31, 2022, total base assessment rates for institutions that have been insured for at least five years range from 1.5 to 40 basis points applying to banks with less than 10 billion in assets. 
 Banks with less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets (such as the Bank) receive credits to offset the portion of their assessments that help to raise the reserve ratio to 1.35 . The FDIC will automatically apply such a bank s credits to reduce its regular DIF assessment up to the entire amount of the assessment. The FDIC will remit any such remaining credits in a lump sum to the appropriate bank following application to the bank s regular DIF assessment for four quarterly assessment periods. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act transferred to the FDIC increased discretion with regard to managing the required amount of reserves for the DIF, or the designated reserve ratio. The FDIA requires the FDIC to consider the appropriate level for the DIF on at least an annual basis. On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 bps, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. This increase in assessment rate schedules is intended to increase the likelihood that the reserve ratio reaches 1.35 by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. The new assessment rate schedules will remain in effect unless and until the reserve ratio meets or exceeds 2 . Progressively lower assessment rate schedules will take effect when the reserve ratio reaches 2 , and again when it reaches 2.5 . 
 Community Reinvestment 
 The Community Reinvestment Act (the CRA imposes on financial institutions, including the Bank, an affirmative obligation to help meet the credit needs of their local communities, including low and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and sound operation of those institutions. Each financial institution s efforts in helping meet community credit needs currently are evaluated as part of the examination process pursuant to regulations adopted by the federal banking agencies. Under the regulation, a financial institution s efforts in helping meet its community s credit needs are evaluated, based on the particular institution s total assets, according to three-pronged test of lending, investment and service in the community. The grade received by a bank is considered in evaluating mergers, acquisitions and applications to open a branch or facility. To the 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS - (continued) 

 best knowledge of the Bank, it is meeting its obligations under the CRA. The Bank received a rating of satisfactory on its most recent CRA examination dated February 1, 2021. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta 
 The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of Atlanta, which is one of 12 regional FHLBs that provide funding to their members for making housing loans as well as for affordable housing and community development loans. Each regional FHLB serves as a reserve, or central bank, for the members within its assigned region. Each FHLB makes loans to members in accordance with policies and procedures established by the Board of Directors of the FHLB. As a member, the Bank must purchase and maintain stock in the FHLB. At December 31, 2022, the Bank owned 9.7 million of FHLB stock. 
 Consumer Protection 
 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB is the federal regulatory agency responsible for implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer financial laws for institutions with more than 10 billion of assets and, to a lesser extent, smaller institutions. The CFPB supervises and regulates providers of consumer financial products and services, and has rule making authority in connection with numerous federal consumer financial protection laws (for example, but not limited to, the Truth-in-Lending Act TILA and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act RESPA )). 
 Because the Company and the Bank are smaller institutions (i.e., with assets of 10 billion or less), most consumer protection aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act will continue to be applied to the Company by the FRB and the Bank by the FDIC. However, the CFPB may include its own examiners in regulatory examinations by a smaller institution s principal regulators and may require smaller institutions to comply with certain CFPB reporting requirements. In addition, regulatory positions taken by the CFPB and administrative and legal precedents established by CFPB enforcement activities, including in connection with supervision of larger banks, could influence how the FRB and the FDIC apply consumer protection laws and regulations to financial institutions that are not directly supervised by the CFPB. The precise effect of the CFPB s consumer protection activities on the Company and the Bank cannot be determined with certainty. 
 Mortgage Banking Regulation 
 In connection with making mortgage loans, the Bank is subject to rules and regulations that, among other things, establish standards for loan origination, prohibit discrimination, provide for inspections and appraisals of property, require credit reports on prospective borrowers, restrict in some cases certain loan features and fix maximum interest rates and fees, require the disclosure of certain basic information to mortgagors concerning credit and settlement costs, limit payment for settlement services to the reasonable value of the services rendered and require the maintenance and disclosure of information regarding the disposition of mortgage applications based on race, gender, geographical distribution and income level. The Bank s mortgage origination activities are subject to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, TILA, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, RESPA, the Home Ownership Equity Protection Act, and the regulations promulgated under these acts, among other additional state and federal laws, regulations and rules. 
 The Bank s mortgage origination activities are also subject to Regulation Z, which implements TILA. Certain provisions of Regulation Z require mortgage lenders to make a reasonable and good faith determination, based on verified and documented information, that a consumer applying for a mortgage loan has a reasonable ability to repay the loan according to its terms. Alternatively, a mortgage lender can originate qualified mortgages, which are generally defined as mortgage loans without negative amortization, interest-only payments, balloon payments, terms exceeding 30 years, and points and fees paid by a consumer equal to or less than 3 of the total loan amount. Under the EGRRCPA, most residential mortgage loans originated and held in portfolio by a bank with less than 10 billion in assets will be designated as qualified mortgages. Higher-priced qualified mortgages (e.g., sub-prime loans) receive a rebuttable presumption of compliance with ability-to-repay rules, and other qualified mortgages (e.g., prime loans) are deemed to comply with the ability-to-repay rules. The Bank predominantly originates mortgage loans that comply with Regulation Z s qualified mortgage rules. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS - (continued) 

 Brokered Deposits 
 Section 29 of the FDIA and FDIC regulations generally limit the ability of any bank to accept, renew or roll over any brokered deposit unless it is well capitalized or, with the FDIC s approval, adequately capitalized. On December 15, 2020, the FDIC issued rules to revise brokered deposit regulations in light of modern deposit-taking methods. The rules established a new framework for certain provisions of the deposit broker definition and amended the FDIC s interest rate methodology calculating rates and rate caps. The rules became effective on April 1, 2021 and, to date, there has been no material impact to either the Company or the Bank from the rules. 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 Federal banking agencies have broad powers under current federal law to take prompt corrective action to resolve problems of insured depository institutions. The extent of these powers depends upon whether the institution in question is well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. These terms are defined under uniform regulations issued by each of the federal banking agencies regulating these institutions. An insured depository institution which is less than adequately capitalized must adopt an acceptable capital restoration plan, is subject to increased regulatory oversight and is increasingly restricted in the scope of its permissible activities. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was considered well capitalized. 
 Incentive Compensation 
 The Dodd-Frank Act requires the federal banking agencies and the SEC to establish joint regulations or guidelines prohibiting incentive-based payment arrangements at specified regulated entities with at least 1 billion in total consolidated assets, that encourage inappropriate risks by providing an executive officer, employee, director, or principal shareholder with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits that could lead to material financial loss to the entity. In 2016, the SEC and the federal banking agencies proposed rules that prohibit covered financial institutions (including bank holding companies and banks) from establishing or maintaining incentive-based compensation arrangements that encourage inappropriate risk taking by providing covered persons (consisting of senior executive officers and significant risk takers, as defined in the rules) with excessive compensation, fees or benefits that could lead to material financial loss to the financial institution. The proposed rules outline factors to be considered when analyzing whether compensation is excessive and whether an incentive-based compensation arrangement encourages inappropriate risks that could lead to material loss to the covered financial institution, and establish minimum requirements that incentive-based compensation arrangements must meet to be considered to not encourage inappropriate risks and to appropriately balance risk and reward. The proposed rules also impose additional corporate governance requirements on the boards of directors of covered financial institutions and impose additional record-keeping requirements. The comment period for these proposed rules has closed and a final rule has not yet been published. If the rules are adopted as proposed, they will restrict the manner in which executive compensation is structured. 
 Confidentiality and Required Disclosures of Customer Information 
 The Company is subject to various laws and regulations that address the privacy of nonpublic personal financial information of consumers. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and certain regulations issued thereunder protect against the transfer and use by financial institutions of consumer nonpublic personal information. A financial institution must provide to its customers, at the beginning of the customer relationship and annually thereafter, the institution s policies and procedures regarding the handling of customers nonpublic personal financial information. These privacy provisions generally prohibit a financial institution from providing a customer s personal financial information to unaffiliated third parties unless the institution discloses to the customer that the information may be so provided and the customer is given the opportunity to opt-out of such disclosure. Certain exceptions may apply to the requirement to deliver an annual privacy notice based on how a financial institution limits sharing of nonpublic personal information, and whether the institution s disclosure practices or policies have changed in certain ways since the last privacy notice that was delivered. 
 Data privacy and data protection are areas of increasing state legislative focus. In March 2021, the Governor of Virginia signed into law the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (the VCDPA ), which went into effect on January 1, 2023. The VCDPA grants Virginia residents the right to access, correct, delete, know, and opt-out of the sale and processing for targeted advertising purposes of their personal information, similar to the protections provided by similar consumer data privacy laws in California and in Europe. The VCDPA also imposes data protection assessment requirements and authorizes the Attorney 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS - (continued) 

 General of Virginia to enforce the VCDPA, but does not provide a private right of action for consumers. The Bank is exempt from the VCDPA, but certain third party vendors of the Bank are or will be subject to the VCDPA. The Company and the Bank are monitoring for the potential negative effects on the products and services provided by these vendors. 
 The Company is also subject to various laws and regulations that attempt to combat money laundering and terrorist financing. The Bank Secrecy Act (the BSA requires all financial institutions to, among other things, create a system of controls designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism, and imposes recordkeeping and reporting requirements. The USA PATRIOT Act added regulations to facilitate information sharing among governmental entities and financial institutions for the purpose of combating terrorism and money laundering and requires financial institutions to establish anti-money laundering programs. Regulations adopted under the BSA impose on financial institutions customer due diligence requirements, and the federal banking regulators expect that customer due diligence programs will be integrated within a financial institution s broader BSA and anti-money laundering compliance program. The Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), which is a division of the U.S. Department of Treasury, is responsible for helping to ensure that United States entities do not engage in transactions with enemies of the United States, as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts of Congress. If the Company finds the name of an enemy of the United States on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, it must freeze such account or place transferred funds into a blocked account, and report it to OFAC. 
 Although these laws and programs impose compliance costs and create privacy obligations and, in some cases, reporting obligations, and compliance with all of the laws, programs, and privacy and reporting obligations may require significant resources of the Company and the Bank, these laws and programs do not materially affect the Bank s products, services or other business activities. 
 Corporate Transparency Act 
 On January 1, 2021, as part of the 2021 National Defense Authorization Act, Congress enacted the Corporate Transparency Act CTA ), which requires the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN to issue regulations implementing reporting requirements for reporting companies (as defined in the CTA) to disclose beneficial ownership interests of certain U.S. and foreign entities by January 1, 2022. The CTA imposes additional reporting requirements on entities not previously subject to such beneficial ownership disclosure regulations and also contains exemptions for several different types of entities, including among others: (i) certain banks, bank holding companies, and credit unions; (ii) money transmitting businesses registered with FinCEN; and (iii) certain insurance companies. Reporting companies subject to the CTA are required to provide specific information with respect to beneficial owner(s) (as defined in the CTA) as well as satisfy initial filing obligations (for newly-formed reporting companies) and submit on-going periodic reports. Non-compliance with FinCEN regulations promulgated under the CTA may result in civil fines and criminal penalties. On September 29, 2022, FinCEN issued a final rule to implement the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of the CTA, which will be effective January 1, 2024. The Company and the Bank will continue to monitor regulatory developments related to the CTA and will continue to assess the ultimate impact of the CTA on the Company and the Bank. 
 Cybersecurity 
 The federal banking agencies have also adopted guidelines for establishing information security standards and cybersecurity programs for implementing safeguards under the supervision of a financial institution s board of directors. These guidelines, along with related regulatory materials, increasingly focus on risk management and processes related to information technology and the use of third parties in the provision of financial products and services. The federal banking agencies expect financial institutions to establish lines of defense and ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, and also expect financial institutions to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack. If the Company or the Bank fails to meet the expectations set forth in this regulatory guidance, the Company or the Bank could be subject to various regulatory actions and any remediation efforts may require significant resources of the Company or the Bank. In addition, all federal and state banking agencies continue to increase focus on cybersecurity programs and risks as part of regular supervisory exams. 
 On November 18, 2021, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued final rules to improve the sharing of information about cyber incidents that may affect the U.S. banking system. These rules require a banking organization to notify its primary federal regulator of any significant computer-security incident as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the banking 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS - (continued) 

 organization determines that a cyber-incident has occurred. Notification is required for incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the viability of a banking organization s operations, its ability to deliver banking products and services, or the stability of the financial sector. In addition, the rules require a bank service provider to notify affected banking organization customers as soon as possible when the provider determines that it has experienced a computer-security incident that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect banking organization customers for four or more hours. The rule became effective on May 1, 2022. The final rules did not have a material impact on the Company or the Bank s operations. 
 Stress Testing 
 The federal banking agencies have implemented stress-testing requirements for certain large or risky financial institutions, including bank holding companies and state-chartered banks. Although these requirements do not apply to the Company and the Bank, the federal banking agencies emphasize that all banking organizations, regardless of size, should have the capacity to analyze the potential effect of adverse market conditions or outcomes on the organization s financial condition. Based on existing regulatory guidance, the Company and the Bank will be expected to consider its interest rate risk management, commercial real estate loan concentrations and other credit-related information, and funding and liquidity management during this analysis of adverse market conditions or outcomes. 
 Volcker Rule 
 The Dodd-Frank Act prohibits bank holding companies and their subsidiary banks from engaging in proprietary trading except in limited circumstances, and places limits on ownership of equity investments in private equity and hedge funds (the Volcker Rule ). The EGRRCPA and final rules adopted to implement the EGRRCPA exempt all banks with less than 10 billion in assets (including their holding companies and affiliates) from the Volcker Rule, provided that the institution has total trading assets and liabilities of 5 or less of total assets, subject to certain limited exceptions. The Company believes that its financial condition and its operations are not significantly affected by the Volcker Rule, amendments thereto, or its implementing regulations. 
 Call Reports and Examination Cycle 
 All institutions, regardless of size, submit a quarterly call report that includes data used by federal banking agencies to monitor the condition, performance, and risk profile of individual institutions and the industry as a whole. The EGRRCPA contained provisions expanding the number of regulated institutions eligible to use streamlined call report forms. In June 2019, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule to permit insured depository institutions with total assets of less than 5 billion that do not engage in certain complex or international activities to file the most streamlined version of the quarterly call report, and to reduce data reportable on certain streamlined call report submissions. 
 Effect of Governmental Monetary Policies 
 As with other financial institutions, the earnings of the Company and the Bank are affected by general economic conditions as well as by the monetary policies of the FRB. Such policies, which include regulating the national supply of bank reserves and bank credit, can have a major effect upon the source and cost of funds and the rates of return earned on loans and investments, and on levels of inflation in the United States. The FRB exerts a substantial influence on interest rates and credit conditions, primarily through establishing target rates for federal funds, open market operations in U.S. Government securities, varying the discount rate on member bank borrowings and setting cash reserve requirements against deposits. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, will influence the origination of loans, the purchase of investments, the generation of deposits, and rates received on loans and investment securities and paid on deposits. Federal Reserve monetary policies have had a significant effect on the operating results of community banks, including us, in the past and are expected to do so in the future. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS - (continued) 

 Application of Supervisory Guidance to the Company and the Bank 
 On March 31, 2021, the Federal Reserve issued a final rule outlining and confirming the use of supervisory guidance for regulated institutions, including bank holding companies like the Company. The rule generally codifies a statement issued by the federal banking agencies in September 2018 clarifying the differences between regulations and guidance, and provides that, unlike a law or regulation, supervisory guidance does not have the force and effect of law, and the agencies do not take enforcement actions based on supervisory guidance. Rather, guidance outlines expectations and priorities, or articulates views regarding appropriate practices for a specific subject. The rule became effective on April 30, 2021. The Company has not been materially impacted by the effectiveness of this rule. 
 Future Regulation 
 From time to time, various legislative and regulatory initiatives are introduced in Congress and state legislatures, as well as by regulatory agencies. Such initiatives may include proposals to expand or contract the powers of bank holding companies and depository institutions or to substantially change the financial institution regulatory system. Such legislation could change banking statutes and the operating environment of the Company and the Bank in substantial and unpredictable ways. If enacted, such legislation could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial institutions with which we compete. The Company cannot predict whether any such legislation will be enacted, and, if enacted, the effect that it, or any implementing regulations, would have on its financial condition or results of operations. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the Company and the Bank could have a material effect on our business. 
 Where You Can Find More Information 
 The Company files quarterly, annual and periodic reports, proxy statements and insider filings with the SEC. The Company s SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC s web site at http://www.sec.gov. The Company s SEC filings also are available through our website, www.CBTCares.com. Copies of documents may also be obtained free of charge by directing a request by telephone to (276) 656-1776 or mail to Investor Relations, Carter Bankshares, Inc., 1300 Kings Mountain Road, Martinsville, Virginia 24112. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Investments in the Company s common stock involves risks. In addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the information addressed above under Important Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, investors in the Company s common stock should carefully consider the risk factors discussed below. The following discussion highlights the risks that we believe are material to the Company, but the following discussion does not necessarily include all risks that we may face, and an investor in the Company s common stock should not interpret the disclosure of a risk in the following discussion to state or imply that the risk has not already materialized. These factors could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, and capital position, and could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from its historical results or the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in which case, the trading price of the Company s common stock could decline. 
 Risks Related to Credit 
 A large percentage of the Company s commercial loans are secured by real estate, and an adverse change in the real estate market or in economic conditions more generally may result in losses and adversely affect our profitability. 
 Approximately 86.3 of the Company s commercial loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, was comprised of loans secured by real estate. An adverse change in the economy affecting occupancy and/or rental rates in the investment real estate market areas we serve could increase the likelihood of defaults. Real estate collateral securing the Company's loans are a secondary source of repayment in the event of unremedied defaults. The value of the Company's collateral could be impaired by changes in demand, rental rates and capitalization rates and could be insufficient to recover outstanding principal and interest. As a result, the Company s profitability and financial condition could be negatively impacted by an adverse change in the real estate market. 
 The Company relies on independent appraisals to determine the value of the real estate which secures a significant portion of our loans, and the values indicated by such appraisals may not be realizable if foreclosure on such loans is forced. 
 A significant portion of the Company s loan portfolio consists of loans secured by real estate. We rely on independent appraisers to provide professional opinions of the value of such real estate. Appraisals are only estimates of value and the independent appraisers may make mistakes of fact or judgment that adversely affect the reliability of their appraisals. In addition, events occurring after the initial appraisal may cause the value of the real estate to increase or decrease. As a result of any of these factors, the real estate securing some of the loans may be more or less valuable than anticipated at the time the loans were made. If a default occurs on a loan secured by real estate that is less valuable than originally estimated, the Company may not be able to recover the outstanding balance of the loan. 
 The Company s level of credit risk is elevated due to the concentration of commercial real estate loans and commercial real estate construction loans in its portfolio. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s exposure to loans secured by commercial purpose real estate, including investment real estate loans related to hospitality, retail and multifamily apartments (but excluding construction) equated to 1.6 billion, or 50.6 of its total loan portfolio. The average balance of these loans are generally larger and these loans generally involve a more complex degree of financial and credit risk than loans secured by residential real estate. Repayment of these loans is dependent on the success of the borrower s underlying business and/or the borrower s ability to generate leases in order to receive sufficient cash flow to service its debts. The financial and credit risk associated with these loans is a result of several factors, including, but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions affecting supply, demand and property valuations, as well as larger balances in a smaller population of loans. The ongoing adverse economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could potentially exacerbate the financial and credit risk associated with these loans. In addition, a potential downturn in economic conditions could exacerbate the financial and credit risks associated with these loans. 
 The Company s exposure to hospitality at December 31, 2022 equated to approximately 360.4 million, or 11.4 of its total loan portfolio. These were mostly loans secured by upscale or top tier flagged hotels, which have historically exhibited low leverage and strong operating cash flows. In 2020 and 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted demand for both leisure and business travel resulting in overall declines in occupancy and room rates. The Company offered an assistance 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (continued) 

 program that deferred payments in order to alleviate the financial pressures related to depressed revenues caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company closely monitored these borrowers, identified underperforming operators and de-risked the portfolio through note sales. During 2022, conditions in the hospitality industry, and especially leisure travel, improved despite the fact that the COVID-19 pandemic is ongoing. While we believe business travel is still depressed, but is improving, when compared to conditions prior to COVID-19, we believe borrowers focused on business travel were able to survive, in part due to the Company s deferral programs. These programs ended on June 30, 2021 and these borrowers have returned to contractual payments and continue to perform. Property values have generally not deteriorated and, in certain circumstances, have increased. These developments, together with widespread labor shortages and additional shocks to economic conditions could generally impact operations and property valuations in hospitality and other commercial real estate exposures. As a result, our capital levels and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The Company s exposure to commercial real estate construction loans at December 31, 2022 equated to approximately 379.6 million, or 12.1 of total portfolio loans. Construction loans are inherently risky. These risks include, but are not limited to, potential adverse changes in material costs resulting in cost overruns, and the potential that the general contractors develop financial stress and are unable to complete projects and the speculative nature of lease up risk. A severe downturn in real estate could affect demand for leases, capitalization rates and property valuations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our allowance for credit losses may be insufficient. 
 The measure of our allowance for credit losses is dependent on the interpretation and application of the CECL methodology, which the Company adopted effective January 1, 2021, and which replaced the incurred loss methodology that was used by the Company and the Bank under GAAP prior to that date. The CECL methodology reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. Accordingly, the implementation of the CECL model changed the Company s current method of providing allowance for credit losses ACL and resulted in material changes in the Company s accounting for credit losses on financial instruments. The CECL model may create more volatility in the Company s level of ACL, which, if materially increased, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We will implement further enhancements or changes to our methodology, models and the underlying assumptions, estimates and assessments, as needed. If the assumptions or estimates we use in adopting the new standard are incorrect or we need to change our underlying assumptions and estimates, there may be a material adverse impact on our results of operation and financial condition. We maintain an ACL at a level we believe is adequate to absorb expected losses in our loan portfolio as of the corresponding balance sheet date. The process to determine the ACL uses models and assumptions that require us to make difficult and complex judgments that are often interrelated, including how borrowers will perform in changing economic and market conditions. Also, we may fail to accurately identify the appropriate economic indicators, to accurately estimate the timing of future changes in economic or market conditions, or to estimate accurately the impacts of future changes in economic or market conditions on our borrowers. Any of these failures could significantly impact the accuracy of our loss forecasts and allowance estimates and the sufficiency of our ACL. 
 If the models, estimates, and assumptions we use to establish reserves or the judgments we make in extending credit to our borrowers prove inaccurate in predicting future events, we may suffer unexpected losses. There is no guarantee that our ACL will be sufficient to address credit losses, particularly if the economic outlook deteriorates significantly and quickly. In such an event, we may need to increase our ACL, which would result in provisions for credit losses that would reduce our earnings. Additionally, to the extent that credit losses are worse than expected, which could be caused by persistent inflation or an economic recession that negatively impacts borrowers, we may need to increase our provision for loan losses. 
 Our real estate lending business can result in increased costs associated with Other Real Estate Owned OREO ). 
 Because we originate loans secured by real estate, we may have to foreclose on the collateral property to protect our investment and may thereafter own and operate such property, in which case we are exposed to the risks inherent in the ownership of real estate. We use methods for valuing collateral for individually evaluated loans and OREO that are in compliance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 310 Receivables. The methods require the use of assumptions that are subject to change based on events impacting real estate values. The amount that we may realize after a default is dependent upon factors outside of our control, including, but not limited to, general or local economic conditions, environmental cleanup liability, neighborhood values, interest rates, real estate tax rates, operating expenses of the mortgaged properties, and supply of 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (continued) 

 and demand for properties. Certain expenditures associated with the ownership of income producing real estate, principally real estate taxes and maintenance costs, may adversely affect the net cash flows generated by the real estate. Therefore, the cost of operating income-producing real property may exceed the rental income earned from such property, and we may have to advance funds to protect our investment or we may be required to dispose of the real property at a loss. 
 Risks Related to Our Operations and Technology 
 A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could disrupt the Company s businesses, and adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm. 
 The Company s operational and security systems, infrastructure, including our computer systems, data management, and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our business. We rely on our associates and third parties in our day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may, as a result of human error, misconduct or malfeasance, or failure or breach of third-party systems or infrastructure, expose us to risk. We have taken measures to implement backup systems and other safeguards to support our operations, but our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact. In addition, our ability to implement backup systems and other safeguards with respect to third-party systems is more limited than with our own systems. 
 The Company handles a substantial volume of customer and other financial transactions every day. Our financial, accounting, data processing, check processing, electronic funds transfer, loan processing, online and mobile banking, backup or other operating or security systems and infrastructure may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. This could adversely affect our ability to process these transactions or provide these services. There could be sudden increases in customer transaction volume, electrical, telecommunications or other major physical infrastructure outages, natural disasters, events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts, and cyber-attacks. We continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth. This updating entails significant costs and creates risk associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. Operational risk exposures could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, and cause reputational harm. 
 A cyber-attack, information or security breach, or a technology failure of ours or of a third-party could adversely affect the Company s ability to conduct business or manage exposure to risk, resulting in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, increase costs to maintain and update our operational systems, security systems, and infrastructure, and adversely impact results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause reputation harm. 
 The Company s business is highly dependent on the security and efficacy of our infrastructure, computer and data management systems, as well as those of third parties with whom we interact. Cyber security risks for financial institutions have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state actors. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. We rely on digital technologies, computer, database and email systems, software, and networks to conduct our operations. In addition, to access our network, products and services, our customers and third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment. 
 Financial services institutions have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks, including computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, denial of service or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information of the institution, its associates or customers or of third parties, or otherwise materially disrupt network access or business operations. For example, denial of service attacks have been launched against a number of large financial institutions and several large retailers have disclosed substantial cyber security breaches affecting debit and credit card accounts of their customers. We have not experienced material cyber security incidents in the past, but there is no assurance that we will not experience an attack in the future. Technology failures, cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches can cause material losses or other material consequences, and e ven with all reasonable security efforts, not every system or network 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (continued) 

 breach can be prevented or even detected. Furthermore, because some of our employees are working remotely from their homes, there is an increased risk of disruption to our operations because our employees residential networks and infrastructure may not be as secure as our office environment. 
 In addition to external threats, insider threats also represent a risk to us. Insiders, having legitimate access to our systems and the information contained in them, have the opportunity to make inappropriate use of the systems and information. We have policies, procedures and controls in place designed to prevent or limit this risk, but we cannot guarantee that such policies, procedures and controls fully mitigate this risk. 
 As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify and enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. Any of these matters could result in loss of customers and business opportunities, significant disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation or destruction of our confidential information and/or that of our customers, damage to computers or systems of our customers and/or third parties, violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, and additional compliance costs. In addition, any of the matters described above could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Company relies on third-party providers and other suppliers for a number of services that are important to our business. An interruption or cessation of an important service by any third-party could have a material adverse effect on our business . 
 The Company is dependent for the majority of our technology, including our core operating system, on third-party providers. If these companies were to discontinue providing services to us, we may experience significant disruptions to our business. In addition, each of these third parties faces the risk of a cyber-attack, information breach or loss, or technology failure and there is no assurance that they have not or will not experience a system or network breach . If any of our third-party service providers experience such difficulties, or if there is any other disruption in our relationships with them, we may be required to find alternative sources of such services, which may not be on comparable or commercially reasonable terms. We are dependent on these third-party providers securing their information systems, over which we have no control, and any failure to maintain performance, reliability and security of these systems could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. A breach of our third-party providers information systems could adversely affect our ability to process transactions, service our clients or manage our exposure to risk and could result in the disclosure of sensitive, personal customer information, which could have a material adverse impact on our business through damage to our reputation, loss of customer business, remedial costs, additional regulatory scrutiny or exposure to civil litigation and possible financial liability. Assurance cannot be provided that we could negotiate terms with alternative service sources that are as favorable or could obtain services with similar functionality as found in our existing systems without the need to expend substantial resources, if at all, thereby resulting in a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 The Company is dependent on its management team, and the loss of its senior executive officers or other key associates could impair its relationship with its customers and adversely affect its business and financial results. 
 We believe that our growth and future success will depend in large part on the skills of our executive officers. We also depend upon the experience of the senior officers and other key personnel and their relationship with the communities they serve. The loss of the services of one or more of these officers or key personnel could have an adverse impact on the business of the Company because of their skills, knowledge of the market, years of industry experience and the difficulty promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 
 The success of our business strategies depends on our ability to identify and recruit individuals with experience and relationships in our primary markets. 
 The successful implementation of our business strategy will require us to continue to attract, hire, motivate and retain skilled personnel to develop new customer relationships as well as new financial products and services. The market for qualified management personnel is competitive, which has contributed to salary and employee benefit costs that have risen and are expected to continue to rise, which may have an adverse effect on the Company s net income (loss). In addition, the process of identifying and recruiting individuals with the combination of skills and attributes required to carry out our strategy is often lengthy, and we may not be able to effectively integrate these individuals into our operations. Our inability to identify, recruit 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (continued) 

 and retain talented personnel to manage our operations effectively and in a timely manner could limit our growth or impair our ability to implement our business strategy effectively and efficiently, which could materially adversely affect our business. 
 Risks Related to Market Conditions, Interest Rates and Investments 
 The Company s business is subject to interest rate risk and fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect its earnings and capital levels. 
 The majority of our assets are monetary in nature and, as a result, we are subject to significant risk from changes in interest rates. Changes in interest rates can impact our net interest income as well as the valuation of our assets and liabilities. Also, our earnings are significantly dependent on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities, and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. We expect we will experience gaps in the interest rate sensitivities of our assets and liabilities, meaning that either our interest-bearing liabilities will be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than our interest-earning assets, or vice versa. In either event, if market interest rates should move contrary to our position, this gap will work against us and our earnings may be negatively affected. 
 To combat rising inflation, in April, May, June, July, September, November and December of 2022, the Federal Reserve raised the federal funds benchmark rate by 25 basis point, 50 basis points, 75 basis points, 75 basis points and 75 basis points, 75 basis points and 50 basis points, respectively, for a total of 425 basis points in 2022. The Federal Reserve further raised the federal funds target range to 4.5 to 4.75 in February 2023. Although further increases to the target federal funds rate by the Federal Reserve are expected in 2023 to combat recent inflationary trends, if interest rates do not rise, or if the Federal Reserve lowers the target federal funds rate to below 0 , such low rates could limit our interest rate spread and may adversely affect our business forecasts. Moreover, if the interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities increase at a faster pace than the interest rates on our interest-earning assets, the result would be a reduction in net interest income and with it, a reduction in net earnings. Further increases in the general level of interest rates, to combat inflation or otherwise, may also, among other things, result in a change in the mix of noninterest and interest-bearing accounts, reduce the demand for loans or increase the rate of default on existing loans. Conversely, a decrease in the general level of interest rates may, among other things, lead to an increase in prepayments on loans and increased competition for deposits. Accordingly, changes in the general level of market interest rates may affect net yield on interest-earning assets, loan origination volume, loan portfolios, and funding costs which impact our overall results. 
 Although our asset-liability management strategy is designed to control our risk from changes in the general level of market interest rates, market interest rates will be affected by many factors outside of our control, including inflation, recession, changes in unemployment, other economic conditions, money supply and international disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. We are unable to predict changes in interest rates, which are affected by factors beyond our control, including inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply and other changes in financial markets. It is possible that significant or unexpected changes in interest rates may take place in the future, and we cannot always accurately predict the nature or magnitude of such changes or how such changes may affect our business or results of operations. 
 The Value of our Investment Securities Could Decline. 
 Changes in interest rates could cause the value of our investment securities to decline. We hold available-for-sale investment securities, which are carried at fair value, the majority of which are high-quality, liquid fixed income securities. The determination of fair value for certain of these securities requires significant judgment of management. Therefore, the market price we receive for our investment securities could be less than the carrying value for such securities. Further, the value of our investment portfolio could decline for numerous reasons, many of which are outside our control, including general market conditions, volatility in the securities market, changes in market interest rates, and inflation rates or expectations of inflation. For example, increases in interest rates or changes in interest rate spreads may negatively impact the fair value of our investment securities and may adversely affect accumulated other comprehensive income and, thus, our equity levels. 
 Changes in interest rates could adversely affect our income and cash flows and may result in higher defaults and lower collateral values in a rising rate environment. 
 Changes in interest rates will influence the origination of loans, the prepayment of loans, the fair value of existing assets and liabilities, the purchase of investments, the retention and generation of deposits, the rates received on loans and investment 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (continued) 

 securities, and the rates paid on deposits or other sources of funding. In general, periods of rising interest rates and other inflationary pressures can have a significant negative effect on our borrowers, and particularly on borrowers that operate businesses that generate revenue to pay principal and interest on commercial loans. Periods of rising interest rates and other inflationary pressures could cause the values of collateral securing our loans to decline. If either our borrowers are negatively impacted by rising interest rates or other inflationary pressures, or if the value of collateral securing our loans declines, our financial performance may be negatively impacted. 
 The replacement of LIBOR as a financial benchmark presents risk to certain financial instruments that we own or to which we are a party. 
 By June 2023, the LIBOR interest rate index is scheduled to be discontinued and the continued availability of the LIBOR index is no longer guaranteed. We cannot predict whether and to what extent banks will continue to provide LIBOR submissions to the administrator of LIBOR or will provide LIBOR quotations to market participants, or whether any additional reforms to LIBOR or other reference rates may be enacted. The market transition away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates is a complex process and could have a range of effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, including but not limited to by (i) adversely affecting the interest rates received or paid on the revenues and expenses associated with, or the value of our LIBOR-based assets and liabilities; (ii) adversely affecting the interest rates paid on or received from other securities or financial arrangements, or (iii) resulting in disputes, litigation or other actions with borrowers or other counterparties about the interpretation or enforceability of certain fallback language contained in LIBOR-based loans, securities or other contracts. The discontinuation of LIBOR could also result in operational, legal and compliance risks, and if we are unable to adequately manage such risks, they could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have multiple alternative reference rates that we can use when entering into financial transactions with our customers and other counterparties. However, because there can be no assurances regarding which reference rate may become the primary replacement to LIBOR for all purposes, following LIBOR s discontinuation there may be uncertainty or differences in the calculation of applicable interest rates or payment amounts, and we may incur significant additional costs associated with the transition away from LIBOR to a new reference rate. 
 Risks Related to Liquidity 
 We rely substantially on deposits obtained from customers in our target markets to provide liquidity and support growth, and impairment of our access to funding may negatively affect our financial performance. 
 Our primary funding and liquidity source to support our business strategies is a stable customer deposit base. Deposit levels may be affected by a number of factors, including interest rates paid by competitors, general interest rate levels, returns available to customers on alternative investments and general economic conditions. If our deposit levels fall, we could lose a relatively low-cost source of funding and our interest expense would likely increase as we obtain alternative funding to replace lost deposits. If local customer deposits are not sufficient to fund our normal operations and growth, we will look to outside sources, such as fed funds lines with other financial institutions or borrowings with the FHLB and we have access to the institutional CD market and the brokered deposit market. We may also seek to raise funds through the issuance of shares of our common stock, or other equity or equity-related securities, or debt securities including subordinated notes as additional sources of liquidity. A number of factors, many of which are outside the Company s control, could make accessing such financing more difficult or more expensive, or could make such financing unavailable altogether, including the financial condition of the Company, rate disruptions in the capital markets, the attractiveness of investing in or lending to financial services companies generally, and competition for funding from other banks, holding companies or similar financial service companies, some of which could be substantially larger or have stronger credit ratings or profiles. If we are unable to access funding sufficient to support our business operations and growth strategies or are only able to access such funding on unattractive terms, we may not be able to implement our business strategies which may negatively affect our financial performance. 
 Our ability to meet contingency funding needs, in the event of a crisis that causes a disruption to our core deposit base, is dependent on access to wholesale markets, including funds provided by the FHLB of Atlanta . 
 We own stock in the FHLB of Atlanta, in order to qualify for membership in the FHLB system, which enables us to borrow on our line of credit with the FHLB that is secured by a blanket lien on select commercial loans, multifamily loans, residential mortgages and investment securities available-for-sale and is estimated to be equal to 25 of our assets approximating 1.0 billion, with available borrowing capacity subject to the amount of eligible collateral pledged at any given time. Changes or 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (continued) 

 disruptions to the FHLB or the FHLB system in general may materially impact our ability to meet short and long-term liquidity needs or meet growth plans. Additionally, we cannot be assured that the FHLB will be able to provide funding to us when needed, nor can we be certain that the FHLB will provide funds specifically to us, should our financial condition and/or our regulators prevent access to our line of credit. The inability to access this source of funds could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to meet our customer s needs. Our financial flexibility could be severely constrained if we were unable to maintain our access to funding or if adequate financing is not available at acceptable interest rates. 
 We rely on dividends from our subsidiaries for most of our revenue . 
 The Company is a separate and distinct legal entity from the Bank. A substantial portion of the Company s revenue comes from dividends from the Bank. Various federal and Virginia laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the Bank may pay to us. Also, in the event the Bank is unable to pay dividends to the Company, the Company may not be able to service any debt that is outstanding, pay obligations, or pay any future dividends on its common stock. The inability to receive dividends from the Bank could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations . 
 Risks Related to Owning Our Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including the changing U.S. economic environment and changes in the commercial and residential real estate market, any of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate. If our operating results fall below the expectation of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. 
 Our stock price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors including, among other things: 
 volatility of stock market prices and volumes in general; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 changes in the conditions of credit markets; 
 changes in accounting policies or procedures as required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or other regulatory agencies; 
 legislative and regulatory actions, including the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and related regulations, that may subject us to additional regulatory oversight which may result in increased compliance costs and/or require us to change our business model; 
 government intervention in the U.S. financial system and the effects of and changes in trade and monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the FRB; 
 additions or departures of key members of management; 
 fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; and 
 changes in analysts estimates of financial performance. 
 Future issuances of the Company s common stock could adversely affect the market price of the common stock and could be dilutive. 
 The Company is not restricted from issuing additional shares of common stock, and may issue securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, shares of common stock. Issuances of a substantial number of shares of common stock, or the expectation that such issuances might occur, including in connection with acquisitions by the Company, could materially adversely affect the market price of the shares of common stock and could be dilutive to shareholders. Because the Company s decision to issue equity securities in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors, it cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of possible future stock issuances. Accordingly, the Company s shareholders bear the risk that future stock issuances will reduce market prices and dilute their stock holdings in the Company. 
 Common stock is equity and is subordinate to the Company s existing and future indebtedness and effectively subordinated to all the indebtedness and other non-equity claims against the Bank. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (continued) 

 Shares of the Company s common stock are equity interests and do not constitute indebtedness. As such, shares of the common stock will rank junior to all of the Company s indebtedness and to other non-equity claims against the Company and its assets available to satisfy claims against it, including in the event of the Company s liquidation. The Company is permitted to incur additional debt. Upon liquidation, lenders and holders of the Company s debt securities would receive distributions of the Company s available assets prior to holders of the Company s common stock. Furthermore, the Company s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon the Bank s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the Bank s creditors, including holders of any depositors of the Bank or any debt issued by the Bank. 
 Risks Related to Our Business Strategy 
 Our profitability depends significantly on economic conditions. 
 Our success depends primarily on the general economic conditions of the geographic markets in which we operate, primarily in Virginia and North Carolina. The local economic conditions in the areas where we operate have a significant impact on our commercial, real estate and construction loans, the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans and on customer demand for loans, deposits and other bank products. A significant decline in general economic conditions, including a decline caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, recession, acts of terrorism, outbreak of hostilities (including the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine) or other international or domestic calamities, unemployment or other factors, all of which are beyond our control, could impact economic conditions and negatively affect our financial results. 
 We face strong competition from financial services companies and other companies that offer banking services which could negatively affect our business. 
 We conduct our banking operations primarily in Virginia and North Carolina, including Fredericksburg, Charlottesville, Lynchburg, Roanoke, Blacksburg, Martinsville, and Danville in Virginia, and Greensboro, Charlotte, Raleigh and Mooresville in North Carolina. Increased competition in these markets may result in reduced loans and deposits. Ultimately, we may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. Many competitors offer the same banking services that we offer in our service area. These competitors include national banks, regional banks and other community banks. We also face competition from many other types of financial institutions, including without limitation, savings and loan institutions, finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, credit unions, mortgage banks and other financial intermediaries. In particular, our competitors include several major financial companies whose greater resources may afford them a marketplace advantage by enabling them to maintain numerous banking locations and ATMs, conduct extensive promotional and advertising campaigns and offer a wider range of products, services and technologies. 
 Additionally, banks and other financial institutions with larger capitalization and financial intermediaries not subject to bank regulatory restrictions have larger lending limits and are thereby able to serve the credit needs of larger customers. Areas of competition include interest rates for loans and deposits, efforts to obtain deposits, and range and quality of products and services provided, including new technology-driven products and services. Technological innovation continues to contribute to greater competition in domestic and international financial services markets as technological advances enable more companies to provide financial services, products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as automatic transfer and automatic payment systems. We also face competition from out-of-state financial intermediaries that have opened loan production offices or that solicit deposits in our market areas. If we are unable to attract and retain banking customers, we may be unable to continue to grow our loan and deposit portfolios or may be required to increase the rates we pay on deposits or lower the rates we offer on loans and results of operations and financial condition may otherwise be adversely affected. 
 Our customers may increasingly decide not to use the Bank to complete their financial transactions, which would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operations. 
 Technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions through alternative methods that have historically involved banks. For example, customers can now maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts, mutual funds, or general-purpose reloadable prepaid cards. Customers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. We face increasing competition from fintech companies, as trends toward digital financial transactions have accelerated during the COVID-19 pandemic. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (continued) 

 revenue streams and the lower cost of deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance and Legal Matters 
 We are subject to extensive government regulation and supervision. 
 Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole, not security holders. These regulations affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy and growth, among other things. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject us to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. For example, we currently derive a portion of our noninterest income from consumer overdraft fees, which have recently come under scrutiny by banking regulators and politicians. Such regulators or politicians could act to impose additional restrictions on overdraft fee programs which could reduce our noninterest income, increase our compliance costs, or increase our exposure to regulatory and legal claims related to our overdraft program. Moreover, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law and it imposes a 1 excise tax on net repurchases of stock by certain publicly traded corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the value of net stock repurchased or treated as repurchased and will apply to stock repurchases occurring after December 31, 2022. Failure to comply with laws, regulations, policies or supervisory guidance could result in enforcement and other legal actions by Federal or state authorities, including criminal and civil penalties, the loss of FDIC insurance, the revocation of a banking charter, other sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties and/or reputational damage. In this regard, government authorities, including the bank regulatory agencies, are pursuing aggressive enforcement actions with respect to compliance and other legal matters involving financial activities, which heightens the risks associated with actual and perceived compliance failures. See Supervision and Regulation included in Item 1, Business, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more detailed description of the certain regulatory requirements applicable to the Bank. 
 The Company is subject to more stringent capital and liquidity requirements as a result of the Basel III regulatory capital reforms and the Dodd-Frank Act, which could adversely affect its return on equity and otherwise affect its business. 
 The Company and the Bank are each subject to capital adequacy guidelines and other regulatory requirements specifying minimum amounts and types of capital, which each must maintain. From time to time, regulators implement changes to these regulatory capital adequacy guidelines. In addition, regulators may require the Company to maintain higher levels of regulatory capital based on the Company s condition, risk profile, or growth plans or conditions in the banking industry or economy. The capital adequacy standards applicable to the Company and the Bank impose stricter capital requirements and leverage limits than the requirements to which the Company and the Bank were subject in the past. 
 The application of more stringent capital requirements could, among other things, result in lower returns on equity, require the raising of additional capital, and result in regulatory actions if the Company were to be unable to comply with such requirements. Furthermore, the imposition of liquidity requirements in connection with the implementation of Basel III could result in the Company having to lengthen the term of its funding, restructure its business models, and/or increase its holdings of liquid assets. Implementation of changes to asset risk weightings for risk-based capital calculations, items included or deducted in calculating regulatory capital and/or additional capital conservation buffers could result in management modifying its business strategy, and could limit the Company s ability to make distributions, including paying out dividends or buying back shares. If the Company and the Bank fail to meet these minimum capital guidelines and/or other regulatory requirements, the Company s financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (continued) 

 Failure to maintain effective systems of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. 
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud and to operate successfully as a public company. We are required to establish and maintain an adequate internal control structure over financial reporting. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results would be harmed. As part of our ongoing monitoring of internal control, we may discover material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control that require remediation. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Our inability to maintain the operating effectiveness of the controls described above could result in a material misstatement to our financial statements or other disclosures, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, any failure to maintain effective controls or to timely effect any necessary improvement of our internal and disclosure controls could, among other things, require significant investments of management time, funds and other resources in remediation efforts, result in losses from fraud or error or harm to our reputation, or cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. 
 The Company may be involved in a variety of litigation and other actions, which may have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operation or business. 
 The Company operates in a business, legal and regulatory environment that exposes the Company to potential significant litigation risk, and the Company may be involved from time to time in a variety of litigation arising out of its business. Litigation and claims against the Company can arise from the Company s lending activities, commercial agreements, compliance programs, and other general business matters. Such litigation and claims could involve large amounts in controversy and substantial legal costs necessary for the Company s defense or to recover amounts owed to the Company, and substantial legal liability, which may or may not be insured, against the Company could materially and adversely impact the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Even if the Company has insurance coverage for certain claims or legal or administrative actions against it, the Company s insurance may not cover all claims that may be asserted against it in legal or administrative actions or costs that it may incur defending such actions, and any claims asserted against it, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm the Company s reputation. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements and/or costs incurred in any litigation exceed any applicable insurance coverage, they could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operation for any period. 
 Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss. 
 We maintain an enterprise risk management program that is designed to identify, quantify, monitor, report and control the risks we face. These risks include, but are not limited to, interest rate, credit, liquidity, operational, reputation, legal, compliance, economic and litigation risk. Although we assess our risk management program on an ongoing basis and make identified improvements to it, we can offer no assurances that this approach and risk management framework (including related controls) will effectively mitigate the risks listed above or limit losses that we may incur. If our risk management program has flaws or gaps, or if our risk management controls do not function effectively, our results of operations, financial condition or business may be adversely affected. 
 Our earnings are significantly affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies. 
 The policies of the FRB affect us significantly. The FRB regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Its policies directly and indirectly influence the rate of interest earned on loans and paid on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits and can also affect the value of financial instruments we hold. Those policies determine, to a significant extent, our cost of funds for lending and investing, and can significantly impact the levels of inflation in the United States. Changes in those policies are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. FRB policies can also affect our borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. For example, a tightening of the money supply by the FRB could reduce the demand for a borrower's products and services. This could adversely affect the borrower s earnings and ability to repay a loan, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (continued) 

 Increased scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to environmental, social and governance ESG practices may impose additional costs on the Company or expose it to new or additional risks. 
 As a regulated financial institution and a publicly traded company, we are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds, and influential investors are increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to climate risk, hiring practices, the diversity of the work force, and racial and social justice issues. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact the Company s reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, and stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. ESG-related costs, including with respect to compliance with any additional regulatory or disclosure requirements or expectations, could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The Company s principal executive office is located at 1300 Kings Mountain Road in Martinsville, Virginia. There are also two other corporate administrative locations that house its operations center and various other corporate functions. We offer our community banking services through 66 combined depository locations in Virginia and North Carolina at December 31, 2022, 53 offices are located in Virginia and 13 are located in North Carolina. Three of these depository banking locations are held under lease contracts. In addition, the Bank leases a loan production office, a commercial banking office and another office housing various Bank functions. Management believes the terms of the various leases are consistent with market standards and were arrived at through arm s length bargaining. The leases are described in Note 8, Premises and Equipment, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to various legal and administrative proceedings and claims. Legal and administrative proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings could occur, and the timing and outcome of any legal or administrative proceeding cannot be predicted with certainty. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is not involved in any material pending or threatened legal proceedings other than proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 PART II 
 
 Market for Common Stock and Dividends 
 The Company s common stock trades on NASDAQ, under the ticker symbol CARE. As of the close of business on March 7, 2023, we had 2,309 shareholders of record. 
 Dividends 
 On October 14, 2016, prior to the Reorganization, the board of directors of the Bank (the "Bank Board") determined that it was prudent not to declare a quarterly cash dividend on the Bank's common stock beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016. Notwithstanding the Bank s prior practice of paying a quarterly cash dividend on its common stock, the Bank Board believed this decision was necessary and appropriate as the Bank committed, and now the Company commits, additional resources to assist with regulatory compliance, preserve capital during the COVID-19 pandemic, and make significant investments in new technology and human resources. 
 The Bank Board paid a special one-time cash dividend of 0.14 per share on March 3, 2020. The amount and timing of future dividends, if any, remains subject to the discretion of the Board and will depend upon a number of factors, including future earnings, financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements of the Company, applicable governmental regulations and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. 
 Repurchases of Shares of Common Stock 
 On June 28, 2022, the Company announced that its Board authorized, effective August 1, 2022, a common share repurchase program to purchase up to 750,000 shares of the Company s common stock in the aggregate over a period of twelve months, subject to non-objection from the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, which was received in July 2022 (the Current Program ). The Current Program authorizes the purchase of the Company s common stock in open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions, including pursuant to a trading plan in accordance with Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The authorization permits management to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock from time to time at management s discretion. The actual means and timing of any shares purchased under the Current Program will depend on a variety of factors, including the market price of the Company s common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The Current Program is authorized through August 1, 2023, although it may be modified or terminated by the Board at any time. The Current Program does not obligate the Company to purchase any particular number of shares. 
 Previously on December 13, 2021, the Company announced that its Board authorized, effective December 10, 2021, a common share repurchase program to purchase up to 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock in the aggregate over a period of twelve months (the Prior Program ). The Prior Program authorized the purchase of the Company s common stock in open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions, including pursuant to a trading plan in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 and/or Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Prior Program permitted management to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock from time to time at management s discretion. The Prior Program was originally authorized through December 9, 2022, did not obligate the Company to purchase any particular number of shares, and was exhausted as of April 28, 2022. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES - (continued) 

 The following table provides information regarding the Company s purchases of our common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 10/10/2022 - 10/31/2022 285,792 11/01/2022 - 11/30/2022 56,572 18.19 56,572 229,220 12/01/2022 - 12/31/2022 96,988 18.21 96,988 132,232 Total 153,560 18.20 153,560 
 (1) The number shown represents, as of the end of each period, the approximate number of Common Stock shares that may yet be purchased under publicly-announced share repurchase plan authorizations. The shares may be purchased, from time-to-time, depending on market conditions. 
 Five-Year Cumulative Total Return 
 The following chart compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return of the NASDAQ Composite Index and S P U.S. BMI Banks Index, which includes the stocks of banks, thrifts and bank and financial holding companies listed on all major exchanges (NYSE, AMEX, NASDAQ) in the S P Global Market Intelligence s coverage universe. 
 
 Period Ending Index 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 Carter Bankshares, Inc. (1) 
 100.00 85.47 135.16 61.52 88.32 95.21 NASDAQ Composite Index 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 S P U.S. BMI Banks Index 100.00 83.54 114.74 100.10 136.10 112.89 
 (1) An investment in Carter Bankshares, Inc. prior to November 2020 represents an investment in Carter Bank Trust. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to help the reader understand Carter Bankshares, Inc., our operations, and our present business environment. The MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The MD A includes the following sections: 
 
 Explanation of Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our Business 
 Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 Capital Resources 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Liquidity 
 Inflation 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 This section reviews our financial condition for each of the past two years and results of operations for each of the past three years. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior periods to place them on a basis comparable with the current period presentation. Some tables may include additional time periods to illustrate trends within our Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto. The results of operations reported in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in future periods. 
 
 Explanation of Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to the results of operations presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ), management uses, and this annual report references, interest and dividend income, yield on interest earnings assets, net interest income and net interest margin on a fully taxable equivalent, FTE basis, which are non-GAAP financial measures. Management believes these measures provide information useful to investors in understanding our underlying business, operational performance and performance trends as it facilitates comparisons with the performance of other companies in the financial services industry. The Company believes the presentation of interest and dividend income, yield on interest earnings assets, net interest income and net interest margin on an FTE basis ensures the comparability of interest and dividend income, yield on interest earning assets, net interest income and net interest margin arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources and is consistent with industry practice. Interest and dividend income (GAAP) per the Consolidated Statements of Income is reconciled to interest and dividend income adjusted on an FTE basis, yield on interest earning assets (GAAP) is reconciled to yield on interest earning assets adjusted on an FTE basis, net interest income (GAAP) is reconciled to net interest income adjusted on an FTE basis and net interest margin (GAAP) is reconciled to net interest margin adjusted on an FTE basis in the "Results of Operations and Financial Condition - Net Interest Income" section of this MD A for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Although management believes that this non-GAAP financial measure enhances investors understanding of our business and performance, this non-GAAP financial measure should not be considered an alternative to GAAP or considered to be more relevant than financial results determined in accordance with GAAP, nor is it necessarily comparable with similar non-GAAP measures which may be presented by other companies. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The Company s preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Over time, these estimates, assumptions and judgments may prove to be inaccurate or vary from actual results and may significantly affect our reported results and financial position for the periods presented or in future periods. We currently view the determination of the allowance for credit losses to be critical, because it is made in accordance with GAAP, is highly dependent on subjective or complex judgments, assumptions and estimates made by management and have had or is reasonably likely to have a material impact on the Company s financial condition and results of operations . 
 We have identified the following critical accounting estimate: 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses ACL 
 The ACL represents an amount which, in management's judgment, is adequate to absorb expected credit losses over the life of outstanding loans as of the balance sheet date based on the evaluation of current risk characteristics of the loan portfolio, past events, current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions and prepayment experience. The ACL is measured and recorded upon the initial recognition of a financial asset. The ACL is reduced by charge-offs, net of recoveries of previous losses, and is increased by a provision or decreased by a recovery for credit losses, which is recorded as a current period operating expense. 
 Determination of an appropriate ACL is inherently complex and requires the use of significant and highly subjective estimates. The reasonableness of the ACL is reviewed quarterly by management. 
 Management believes it uses relevant information available to make determinations about the ACL and that it has established the existing allowance in accordance with GAAP. However, the determination of the ACL requires significant judgment, and estimates of expected credit losses in the loan portfolio can vary from the amounts actually observed. While management uses available information to recognize expected credit losses, future additions to the ACL may be necessary based on changes in the loans comprising the portfolio, changes in the current and forecasted economic conditions, changes to the interest rate environment which may directly impact prepayment and curtailment rate assumptions, and changes in the financial condition of borrowers. 
 The ACL base case model is derived from various economic forecasts provided by widely recognized sources. Management evaluates the variability of market conditions by examining the peak and trough of economic cycles. These peaks and troughs are used to stress the base case model to develop a range of potential outcomes. Management then determines the appropriate reserve through an evaluation of these various outcomes relative to current economic conditions and known risks in the portfolio. For the year ended December 31, 2022 the range of outcomes would produce a 17 reduction or a 27 increase in reserves based on the best and worst case scenarios, respectively. 
 Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for further detailed descriptions of our estimation process and methodology related to the ACL and Note 6, Allowance for Credit Losses, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our Business and Strategy 
 Carter Bankshares, Inc. (the Company is a bank holding company headquartered in Martinsville, Virginia with assets of 4.2 billion at December 31, 2022. The Company conducts its business solely through the Bank, an insured, Virginia state-chartered bank. The Company provides a full range of financial services with retail, and commercial banking products and insurance. Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol CARE. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 The Company earns revenue primarily from interest on loans and securities and fees charged for financial services provided to our customers. The Company incurs expenses for the cost of deposits, provision for credit losses and other operating costs such as salaries and employee benefits, data processing, occupancy and tax expense. 
 For the 2023-2025 fiscal year periods, the Company will be focusing on refining and enhancing the Bank s guiding principles to better align with the future of the Company. A new mission, vision, and set of core values are in development and the Company expects to rollout this plan in 2023. The Company s current mission is to strive to be the preferred lifetime financial partner for its customers and shareholders, and the employer of choice in the communities the Company is privileged to serve. The vision and purpose of the Company is to enrich lives and enhance communities today, to build a better tomorrow, with values of loyalty, care, optimism, trustworthiness and innovation. 
 The Company s Board of Directors and management believe that the Bank is at a turning point in its evolution and transformation. The Company s focus will shift from restructuring the balance sheet to pursuing a growth strategy that focuses on organic growth. Another area of focus will be to consider opportunistic acquisitions that the Company believes will fit with its strategic vision. 
 Our focus continues to be on loan and deposit growth, as well as, implementing opportunities to increase fee income while closely monitoring our operating expenses. The Company is focused on executing this strategy to successfully build our new brand and grow our business in our current markets as well as new markets. 

Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 Earnings Summary 
 2022 Highlights 
 Net interest income increased 28.7 million, or 25.9 , to 139.9 million for the full year 2022 compared to 111.2 million for the full year 2021 primarily due an increase of 61 basis points in the yield on earning assets due to the rising interest rate environment and by a reduction of nine basis points in funding costs; 
 The provision for credit losses decreased 0.9 million to 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the full year ended December 31, 2021; 
 Total noninterest income decreased 7.2 million to 21.7 million for the full year 2022 compared to 28.9 million for the full year 2021 due primarily to a reduction in gains on sales of securities; 
 Total noninterest expense decreased 5.3 million to 97.0 million for the full year 2022 compared to 102.3 million for the full year 2021 primarily resulting from our retail branch optimization project and the reversal of tax credit amortization due to an in-service date extension to 2023; and 
 Provision for income taxes increased 7.5 million to 11.6 million for the full year 2022 compared to 4.1 million for the full year 2021. 
 Balance Sheet Highlights (period-end balances, December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 
 The securities portfolio decreased 86.1 million and is currently 19.9 of total assets compared to 22.3 of total assets. The decrease is due to the Company s strategy of redeploying securities maturities into higher yielding loan growth and the continued decline in fair value due to rising market interest rates; 
 Total portfolio loans increased 336.8 million, or 12.0 , primarily due to consistent loan growth in 2022 ; 
 The portfolio loans to deposit ratio was 86.7 , compared to 76.0 , since deposits decreased; 
 Total deposits decreased 68.2 million to 3.6 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 ; 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 The ACL to total portfolio loans ratio was 2.98 compared to 3.41 . The ACL on portfolio loans totaled 93.9 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 95.9 million with the decrease driven by declines in the other segment due to principal pay-downs, offset by loan growth and increased qualitative reserves; 
 During 2022, the Company repurchased 2,587,361 shares totaling 42.9 million under its stock repurchase program at a weighted average cost of 16.59. There were 132,232 shares available for repurchase at December 31, 2022 under the current repurchase program. 
 The Company reported net income of 50.1 million, or 2.03 diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net income of 31.6 million, or 1.19 diluted earnings per share, for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 Years Ended December 31, PERFORMANCE RATIOS 2022 2021 2020 Return on Average Assets 1.21 0.76 (1.12) Return on Average Shareholders' Equity 14.30 7.92 (9.78) Portfolio Loans to Deposit Ratio 86.74 76.03 79.99 Allowance for Credit Losses to Total Portfolio Loans 2.98 3.41 1.83 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 Our principal source of revenue is net interest income. Net interest income represents the difference between the interest and fees earned on interest-earning assets and the interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is affected by changes in the average balance of interest-earning assets, interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in interest rates and spreads. The level and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities is managed by our Asset and Liability Committee ALCO ), in order to mitigate interest rate and liquidity risks of the balance sheet. A variety of ALCO strategies were implemented, within prescribed ALCO risk parameters, to produce what the Company believes is an acceptable level of net interest income. 
 Net interest income and the net interest margin are presented on an FTE basis. The FTE basis (non-GAAP) adjusts net interest income and net interest margin for the tax benefit of income on certain tax-exempt loans and securities using the applicable federal statutory tax rate for each period (which was 21 for the periods presented) and the dividend-received deduction for equity securities. The Company believes this FTE basis presentation provides a relevant comparison between taxable and non-taxable sources of interest income. Refer to the Explanation of Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for additional discussion regarding the non-GAAP measures used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following table reconciles interest and dividend income (GAAP), yield on interest-earning assets (GAAP), net interest margin (GAAP) and net interest income per the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) to interest and dividend income on an FTE basis (non-GAAP), yield on interest-earning assets on an FTE basis (non-GAAP), net interest margin on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) and net interest income on an FTE basis (non-GAAP), respectively, for the periods presented: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest and Dividend Income (GAAP) 160,182 133,897 140,941 Tax Equivalent Adjustment 1,143 1,492 2,375 Interest and Dividend Income (FTE) (Non-GAAP) 161,325 135,389 143,316 Average Earning Assets 4,023,634 3,971,640 3,833,681 Yield on Interest-earning Assets (GAAP) 3.98 3.37 3.68 Yield on Interest-earning Assets (FTE) (Non-GAAP) 4.01 3.41 3.74 Net Interest Income 139,928 111,183 105,115 Tax Equivalent Adjustment 1,143 1,492 2,375 Net Interest Income (FTE) (Non-GAAP) 141,071 112,675 107,490 Average Earning Assets 4,023,634 3,971,640 3,833,681 Net Interest Margin (GAAP) 3.48 2.80 2.74 Net Interest Margin (FTE) (Non-GAAP) 3.51 2.84 2.80 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Average Balance Sheet and Net Interest Income Analysis (FTE) 
 Total net interest income increased 28.7 million, or 25.9 to 139.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily due to an increase in average interest-earning assets of 52.0 million and higher interest rate yields on interest-earning assets of 61 basis points due to the rising interest rate environment during fiscal year 2022. Net interest income, on an FTE basis (non-GAAP), increased 28.4 million, or 25.2 , to 141.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 112.7 million for the same period in 2021. The increases in net interest income, on an FTE basis (non-GAAP), was driven by an increase in interest income of 25.9 million and lower interest expense of 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the same period in 2021. Net interest margin increased 68 basis points to 3.48 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.80 for the same period in 2021. Net interest margin, on an FTE basis (non-GAAP), increased 67 basis points to 3.51 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.84 for the same period in 2021. 
 The Company continues to focus on the expansion of net interest income and net interest margin. The full year of 2022 was positively impacted by an increase in the yield on loans and investment securities due to the rising interest rate environment as well as the continued decline in funding costs. The full year of 2022 was also positively impacted by enhanced pricing on loans related to one large credit relationship. Certain of these loans may not be renewed at maturity and/or may not otherwise impact the net interest income and net interest margin as significantly in future periods. In addition, rising market interest rates may begin to increase the Company s funding costs in future periods. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 The following table provides information regarding the average balances, interest and rates earned on interest-earning assets and the average balances, interest and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities for the years ended December 31: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Average Balance Income/ Expense Yield/Rate Average Balance Income/ Expense Yield/Rate Average 
 Balance (3) 
 Income/ Expense Yield/Rate ASSETS Interest-Bearing Deposits with Banks 50,797 341 0.67 194,492 271 0.14 104,526 302 0.29 Tax-Free Investment Securities (2) 
 30,109 877 2.91 34,171 1,116 3.27 47,364 1,567 3.31 Taxable Investment Securities 950,557 20,330 2.14 798,672 12,442 1.56 697,408 14,264 2.05 Total Securities 980,666 21,207 2.16 832,843 13,558 1.63 744,772 15,831 2.13 Tax-Free Loans (1)(2) 
 144,617 4,569 3.16 189,716 5,991 3.16 307,023 9,739 3.17 Taxable Loans (1) 
 2,844,303 135,054 4.75 2,751,169 115,448 4.20 2,672,435 117,226 4.39 Total Loans 2,988,920 139,623 4.67 2,940,885 121,439 4.13 2,979,458 126,965 4.26 Federal Home Loan Bank Stock 3,251 154 4.74 3,420 121 3.54 4,925 218 4.43 Total Interest-Earning Assets 4,023,634 161,325 4.01 3,971,640 135,389 3.41 3,833,681 143,316 3.74 Noninterest Earning Assets 117,135 170,856 276,473 Total Assets 4,140,769 4,142,496 4,110,154 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Interest-Bearing Demand 489,298 1,578 0.32 413,714 1,007 0.24 321,036 1,140 0.36 Money Market 521,269 1,842 0.35 383,391 1,130 0.29 197,225 924 0.47 Savings 720,682 742 0.10 663,382 682 0.10 599,637 632 0.11 Certificates of Deposit 1,271,548 14,454 1.14 1,484,436 19,427 1.31 1,818,837 32,695 1.80 Total Interest-Bearing Deposits 3,002,797 18,616 0.62 2,944,923 22,246 0.76 2,936,735 35,391 1.21 FHLB Borrowings 29,849 1,163 3.90 25,986 313 1.20 30,628 361 1.18 Federal Funds Purchased 5,711 188 3.29 55 1 1.82 Other Borrowings 5,885 287 4.88 3,167 155 4.89 1,408 73 5.18 Total Borrowings 41,445 1,638 3.95 29,153 468 1.61 32,091 435 1.36 Total Interest-Bearing Liabilities 3,044,242 20,254 0.67 2,974,076 22,714 0.76 2,968,826 35,826 1.21 Noninterest-Bearing Liabilities 746,117 769,401 667,914 Shareholders' Equity 350,410 399,019 473,414 Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 4,140,769 4,142,496 4,110,154 Net Interest Income (2) 
 141,071 112,675 107,490 Net Interest Margin (2) 
 3.51 2.84 2.80 
 (1) Nonaccruing loans are included in the daily average loan amounts outstanding. 
 (2) Tax-exempt income is on an FTE basis using the statutory federal corporate income tax rate of 21 percent. 
 (3) Loan and deposit balances include held-for-sale transactions in connection with sale of Bank branches. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Interest income increased 26.3 million, or 19.6 for 2022 compared to 2021. Interest income, on an FTE basis (non-GAAP), increased 25.9 million, or 19.2 , for 2022 compared to 2021. The change was primarily due to increases in average interest-earning assets of 52.0 million for 2022, and higher interest rate yields on interest-earning assets of 60 basis points compared to 2021 due to the rising interest rate environment in fiscal year 2022. Average interest-bearing deposits with banks decreased 143.7 million in 2022, and the average rate paid increased 53 basis points for 2022 compared to 2021 as funds were deployed into higher yielding loans and securities. 
 Average loan balances increased 48.0 million primarily influenced by the consistent loan growth in 2022 as compared to 2021. The average rate earned on loans increased 54 basis points for 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to increased short-term interest rates during 2022. At December 31, 2022, the loan portfolio was comprised of 26.8 floating rate loans which reprice monthly, 41.2 variable rate loans that reprice at least once during the life of the loan and 32.0 fixed rate loans that do not reprice during the life of the loan. 
 Average investment securities increased 147.8 million and the average rate earned increased 53 basis points for 2022 compared to 2021. The change in investment securities is the result of active balance sheet management to deploy excess cash combined with the continued decline in fair value. The portfolio has been diversified as to bond types, maturities, and interest rate structures. As of December 31, 2022, the securities portfolio was comprised of 47.3 variable rate securities with approximately 45.8 that will reprice at least once over the next 12 months. Having a significant percentage of variable rate securities is an important strategy during times of rising interest rates because fixed-rate bond prices generally fall when interest rates increase, which can result in unrealized losses. However, variable rate securities do not carry as much interest rate risk so there is much less price volatility. This variable rate structure is expected to limit the impact of rising rates on the Company s unrealized losses on debt securities. 
 Interest expense decreased 2.5 million for 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the intentional runoff of higher cost certificates of deposits CDs in 2021 and the first half of 2022. Interest expense on deposits decreased 3.6 million for 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the decline in the average balance of CDs and the reduction in average rates paid on CDs. The decrease of 212.9 million or 14.3 in the average balance of CDs for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to the aforementioned intentional runoff of these higher cost CDs. The average balances on our interest-bearing core deposits, including money market accounts, interest-bearing demand accounts and savings accounts increased by 137.9 million, 75.6 million and 57.3 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. The average rates paid on interest-bearing demand accounts increased eight basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the average rate paid on money market accounts increased six basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the same period in 2021. The average rates paid on savings accounts for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 remained unchanged. Overall, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased nine basis points for 2022 compared to 2021. Due to historically low market interest rates during 2021 and the first half of 2022, the Company was able to migrate away from higher rate CDs and grow lower yielding, more liquid products. During the second half of 2022 market interest rates increased quickly providing new incentives for customers to seek out higher yielding CDs. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 The following table sets forth for the periods presented a summary of the changes in interest earned and interest paid resulting from changes in volume and changes in rates: 
 2022 Compared to 2021 2021 Compared to 2020 (Dollars in Thousands) Volume (3) 
 Rate (3) 
 Increase/ (Decrease) Volume (3) 
 Rate (3) 
 Increase/ (Decrease) Interest Earned on: Interest-Bearing Deposits with Banks (324) 394 70 177 (208) (31) Tax-Free Investment Securities (2) 
 (125) (114) (239) (431) (20) (451) Taxable Investment Securities 2,664 5,224 7,888 1,884 (3,706) (1,822) Total Securities 2,539 5,110 7,649 1,453 (3,726) (2,273) Tax-Free Loans (1)(2) 
 (1,425) 3 (1,422) (3,705) (43) (3,748) Taxable Loans (1) 
 4,013 15,593 19,606 3,393 (5,171) (1,778) Total Loans 2,588 15,596 18,184 (312) (5,214) (5,526) Federal Home Loan Bank Stock (6) 39 33 (58) (39) (97) Total Interest-Earning Assets 4,797 21,139 25,936 1,260 (9,187) (7,927) Interest Paid on: Interest-Bearing Demand 205 366 571 280 (413) (133) Money Market 458 254 712 640 (434) 206 Savings 59 1 60 66 (16) 50 Certificates of Deposit (2,595) (2,378) (4,973) (5,352) (7,916) (13,268) Total Interest-Bearing Deposits (1,873) (1,757) (3,630) (4,366) (8,779) (13,145) Federal Funds Purchased 188 188 (1) (1) FHLB Borrowings 53 797 850 (56) 8 (48) Other Borrowings 133 (1) 132 86 (4) 82 Total Borrowings 374 796 1,170 30 3 33 Total Interest-Bearing Liabilities (1,499) (961) (2,460) (4,336) (8,776) (13,112) Change in Net Interest Margin 6,296 22,100 28,396 5,596 (411) 5,185 
 (1) Nonaccruing loans are included in the daily average loan amounts outstanding. 
 (2) Tax-exempt income is on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) using the statutory federal corporate income tax rate of 21 percent. 
 (3) Changes to rate/volume are allocated to both rate and volume on a proportionate dollar basis. 
 
 Provision (Recovery) for Credit Losses 
 The Company recognizes provision (recovery) for the ACL based on the difference between the existing balance of ACL reserves and the ACL reserve balance necessary to adequately absorb expected credit losses associated with the Company s financial instruments. Similarly, the Company recognizes provision (recovery) expense for unfunded commitments based on the difference between the existing balance of reserves for unfunded commitments and the reserve balance for unfunded commitments necessary to adequately absorb expected credit losses associated with those commitments. The Company adopted ASU 2016-03 on January 1, 2021, and increased the ACL by 64.5 million, for the Day 1 adjustment which included 61.6 million to the ACL and 2.9 million related to the life-of-loan reserve on unfunded loan commitments. 
 
 The ACL as a percentage of total portfolio loans was 2.98 at December 31, 2022 and 3.41 at December 31, 2021. The provision (recovery) for credit losses decreased 0.9 million to 2.4 million for the year ended 2022 compared to year ended 2021. The decrease for the full year of 2022 was primarily driven by the release of 7.0 million of reserves that were allocated to the other segment due to principal pay-downs, partially offset by strong loan growth, increased qualitative reserves of 3.0 million, and net charge-offs of 4.5 million. The increase in qualitative reserves were factors attributable to the residential mortgage and commercial construction portfolios. Project costs continue to escalate due to supply chain and labor disruptions as well as increased material costs. Supply chain and labor disruptions cause the overall construction duration to increase, increasing interest costs to the borrower. The Bank has observed a handful of significant cost overruns on Commercial Real Estate, CRE projects. To date, these cost overruns have either been funded by the borrower and/or project sponsors or 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 partially funded by the Bank within acceptable underwriting guidelines. The Company continues to monitor these trends by diligently collecting data on commercial construction projects and analyzing risk presented to the Company s loan portfolio. 
 A provision of 0.5 million was recorded in 2022 related to the provision for unfunded commitments primarily related to increases in construction commitments. 
 Net charge-offs were 4.5 million for the full year 2022 compared to 23.1 million for the full year 2021. During 2022, net charge-offs were primarily included in the commercial and industrial, C I ), and other consumer segments. Net charge-offs of 23.1 million during the full year 2021 was primarily attributable to the resolution of five problem relationships, in which the majority of losses were anticipated and previously reserved. As a percentage of average portfolio loans, on an annualized basis, net charge-offs were 0.15 and 0.79 for the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. See the Allowance for Credit Losses section of this MD A for additional details regarding our charge-offs. 
 Nonperforming loans NPLs decreased at December 31, 2022 by 0.8 million, or 10.2 to 6.6 million compared to 7.4 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a significant reduction of our largest NPL relationship in addition to pay-downs on other existing NPLs, all offset by a new NPL in the amount of 1.2 million. NPLs as a percentage of total portfolio loans were 0.21 at December 31, 2022 compared to 0.26 at December 31, 2021. See the Credit Quality section of this MD A for more detail on our NPLs. 
 Discussion of net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2020 has been omitted as such discussion was provided in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis, under the heading Net Interest Income in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 , which was filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 Years Ended December 31, (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Gain on Sales of Securities, net 46 6,869 (6,823) (99.3) Service Charges, Commissions and Fees 7,168 6,662 506 7.6 Debit Card Interchange Fees 7,427 7,226 201 2.8 Insurance Commissions 1,961 1,901 60 3.2 Bank Owned Life Insurance Income 1,357 1,380 (23) (1.7) Gains on Sales and Write-downs of Bank Premises, net 73 73 NM Other Real Estate Owned Income 50 90 (40) (44.4) Commercial Loan Swap Fee Income 774 2,416 (1,642) (68.0) Other 2,862 2,337 525 22.5 Total Noninterest Income 21,718 28,881 (7,163) (24.8) 
 Total noninterest income decreased 7.2 million, or 24.8 , to 21.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily related to declines of 6.8 million in net security gains for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to December 31, 2021. The decline in security gains during 2022 was due to the rising interest rate environment resulting in lower securities prices in the market that discouraged sales. 
 Changes in total noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 also included a decrease of 1.6 million in commercial loan swap fee income due to the timing and demand for this product in the current rising interest rate environment. Offsetting the decreases were increases of 0.5 million in other noninterest income related to the unwind of two completed historic tax credit partnerships, a 0.5 million increase in service charges on deposit accounts primarily driven by volume, and 0.2 million in debit card interchange fees driven by higher customer activity. 
 Discussion of noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2020 has been omitted as such discussion was provided in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis, under the heading Noninterest Income in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , which was filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Noninterest Expense 
 (Dollars in Thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Salaries and Employee Benefits 52,399 54,157 (1,758) (3.2) Occupancy Expense, net 13,527 13,556 (29) (0.2) FDIC Insurance Expense 2,015 2,157 (142) (6.6) Other Taxes 3,319 3,129 190 6.1 Advertising Expense 1,434 952 482 50.6 Telephone Expense 1,781 2,208 (427) (19.3) Professional and Legal Fees 5,818 5,255 563 10.7 Data Processing Expense 4,051 3,758 293 7.8 Losses on Sales and Write-downs of Other Real Estate Owned, net 432 3,622 (3,190) (88.1) Losses on Sales and Write-downs of Bank Premises, net 231 (231) (100.0) Debit Card Expense 2,750 2,777 (27) (1.0) Tax Credit Amortization 621 1,708 (1,087) (63.6) Other Real Estate Owned Expense 343 407 (64) (15.7) Other 8,511 8,368 143 1.7 Total Noninterest Expense 97,001 102,285 (5,284) (5.2) 
 Total noninterest expense decreased 5.3 million to 97.0 million for the full year 2022, when compared to the full year 2021. For the full year 2022 the most significant decrease for the period was a decline of 3.2 million in losses on sales and write-downs of other real estate owned OREO ), net, due to nonrecurring write-downs related to closed bank branches in 2021. Also impacting the decrease was a 1.8 million decrease in salaries and employee benefits, 1.1 million decrease in tax credit amortization, 0.4 million decrease in telephone expenses and 0.2 million decrease in losses on sales and write-downs of bank premises, net. Offsetting these decreases were increases of 0.6 million in professional and legal fees, 0.5 million in advertising expenses and 0.3 million in data processing expenses. 
 The decrease in salaries and employee benefits related to lower salaries of 1.3 million, lower medical expenses of 1.7 million, the impact from our retail branch optimization project, offset by a 1.0 million one-time inflationary bonus for associates in 2022. The decrease in tax credit amortization was primarily due to reversing amortization expense as a result of updated information from the developer which extended the in-service date to 2023 for one of the Company s historic tax credit partnerships during the third quarter of 2022. The 0.4 million decline in telephone expenses is due to the implementation of a new telephone system during 2022. The increases for the full year 2022 compared to the same period of 2021 included 0.6 million in professional and legal fees which was due to increased consulting fees in our retail and operations areas, the increase of 0.5 million in advertising expenses due to marketing efforts and timing of various promotions, as well as an increase of 0.3 million in data processing expenses related to our online banking platform. 
 Discussion of noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 has been omitted as such discussion was provided in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis, under the heading Noninterest Expense in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , which was filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes increased 7.5 million to 11.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4.1 million for December 31, 2021. Pre-tax income increased 26.0 million for the year ended 2022 compared to 2021. Our effective tax rate was 18.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 11.5 for December 31, 2021. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to a higher level of pre-tax income and lower level of tax-exempt interest income and updated information from the developer extending the in-service date on a new tax credit from 2022 to 2023. The Company ordinarily generates an annual effective tax rate that is less than the statutory rate of 21 due to benefits resulting from tax-exempt interest income, tax credit projects and Bank Owned Life Insurance BOLI ). 
 Discussion of provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2020 has been omitted as such discussion was provided in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis, under the heading Provision for Income Taxes in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , which was filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 December 31, 2022 
 Total assets increased 70.8 million, or 1.7 , to 4.2 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 . Federal Reserve Bank excess reserves decreased 170.9 million to 5.3 million at December 31, 2022 from 176.2 million at December 31, 2021 due to redeploying excess cash into higher yielding loans and securities. 
 Total portfolio loans increased 336.8 million, or 12.0 , to 3.1 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to consistent loan growth during the year. The variances in loan segments for portfolio loans related to increases of 200.0 million in residential mortgages, 147.3 million in CRE loans, and 70.6 million in construction loans, offset by decreases of 45.4 million in the other category, 35.6 million in C I loans and 0.1 million in other consumer loans. At January 1, 2021, the initial break-out of Other loans related to the adoption of Topic 326 totaled 379.9 million consisting of 140.8 million of CRE, 78.1 million of C I, 50.8 million of Residential Mortgages and 110.2 million of Construction. This segment of loans has unique risk attributes considered inconsistent with current underwriting standards. The analysis applied to this segment resulted in an expected credit loss of 51.3 million at adoption. The Company had no loans held-for-sale at December 31, 2022 and 0.2 million at December 31, 2021 . 
 Other real estate owned, OREO ), decreased 2.5 million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 due to sales and payments of OREO. Closed retail bank office carrying values increased 0.1 million and have a remaining book value of 1.1 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.0 million at December 31, 2021. During 2022, 1.9 million in properties were sold and two properties totaling 0.9 million were closed and moved to OREO, but remain to be sold. OREO related to foreclosed assets decreased 2.6 million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. 
 The securities portfolio decreased 86.1 million and is currently 19.9 of total assets at December 31, 2022 compared to 22.3 of total assets at December 31, 2021. The decrease is due to the Company s strategy of redeploying securities maturities into higher yielding loan growth, as well as the continued decline in fair value due to rising interest rates. At December 31, 2022, total gross unrealized gains in the available-for-sale portfolio were 0.3 million, offset by 109.7 million of gross unrealized losses. Refer to the Securities section below for further discussion of unrealized losses in the available-for-sale securities portfolio. 
 Total deposits decreased 68.2 million to 3.6 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 . The decreases included 82.8 million decrease in CDs due to the intentional runoff of higher cost CDs, a decline of 44.6 million in noninterest-bearing demand accounts and a decrease of 6.3 million in savings accounts. These decreases were offset by an increase of 44.3 million in interest-bearing demand accounts and an increase of 21.2 million in money market accounts. At December 31, 2022, noninterest-bearing deposits comprised 19.4 of total deposits compared to 20.2 at December 31, 2021. CDs comprised 34.7 of total deposits at December 31, 2022 and 36.3 at December 31, 2021. The decline in deposit balances can be attributed to the competitive market given the rising interest rate environment. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Total capital decreased by 79.0 million or 19.4 to 328.6 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 407.6 million at December 31, 2021 . The decrease in equity was primarily due to a 87.3 million, net of tax, decrease in other comprehensive loss due to declines in the fair value of available-for-sale securities, a 42.9 million decrease related to the repurchase of common stock through December 31, 2022 , partially offset by net income of 50.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 that was retained by the Company. The remaining difference of 1.1 million is related to stock-based compensation expense during 2022. 
 The ACL was 2.98 of total portfolio loans at December 31, 2022 compared to 3.41 as of December 31, 2021 . General reserves as a percentage of total portfolio loans were 2.96 at December 31, 2022 compared to 3.38 at December 31, 2021. The decrease in the general reserves as a percentage of total portfolio loans was primarily driven by the release of 7.0 million of reserves that were allocated to the other segment due to principal pay-downs, throughout 2022, partially offset by strong loan growth, increased qualitative reserves of 3.0 million, and net charge-offs of 4.5 million. Management believes, the ACL is adequate to absorb expected losses inherent in the loan portfolio. 
 The Company remains well capitalized. Our Tier 1 capital ratio decreased to 12.61 at December 31, 2022 compared to 14.21 at December 31, 2021 . Our leverage ratio was 10.29 at December 31, 2022 , compared to 10.62 at December 31, 2021 and total risk-based capital ratio was 13.86 at December 31, 2022 compared to 15.46 at December 31, 2021 .The decrease is primarily related to the aforementioned repurchase of common stock of 42.9 million through December 31, 2022 . We adopted Current Expected Credit Losses CECL effective January 1, 2021 and elected to implement the regulatory agencies capital transition relief over the permissible three-year period. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Securities 
 The following table presents the composition of available-for-sale securities for the periods presented: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 Change U.S. Treasury Securities 17,866 4,413 13,453 U.S. Government Agency Securities 49,764 73,534 (23,770) Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities 103,685 110,013 (6,328) Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities 34,675 43,026 (8,351) Other Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities 22,399 14,146 8,253 Asset Backed Securities 141,383 151,450 (10,067) Collateralized Mortgage Obligations 176,622 203,881 (27,259) States and Political Subdivisions 228,146 262,202 (34,056) Corporate Notes 61,733 59,735 1,998 Total Debt Securities 836,273 922,400 (86,127) 
 The balances and average rates of our securities portfolio are presented below as of December 31: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 Balance Weighted- Average Yield Balance Weighted- Average Yield U.S. Treasury Securities 17,866 1.43 4,413 1.35 U.S. Government Agency Securities 49,764 4.29 73,534 1.37 Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities 103,685 2.90 110,013 0.44 Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities 34,675 4.52 43,026 1.72 Other Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities 22,399 2.65 14,146 2.02 Asset Backed Securities 141,383 4.04 151,450 1.70 Collateralized Mortgage Obligations 176,622 3.56 203,881 0.69 States and Political Subdivisions 228,146 2.38 262,202 2.41 Corporate Notes 61,733 3.87 59,735 4.08 Total Securities Available-for-Sale 836,273 3.24 922,400 1.65 
 The Company invests in various securities in order to maintain a source of liquidity, to satisfy various pledging requirements, to increase net interest income and as a tool of the ALCO to diversify and reposition the balance sheet for interest rate risk purposes. Securities are subject to market risks that could negatively affect the level of liquidity available to the Company. Security purchases are subject to the Company s Investment Policy approved annually by the Board and administered through ALCO and the Company s treasury function. 
 The securities portfolio decreased 86.1 million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. Securities comprise 19.9 of total assets at December 31, 2022 compared to 22.3 at December 31, 2021. T he decrease is due to the Company s strategy of redeploying securities maturities into higher yielding loan growth, as well as the continued decline in fair value due to rising interest rates. We have further diversified the securities portfolio as to bond types, maturities and interest rate structures. 
 At December 31, 2022, total gross unrealized gains in the available-for-sale portfolio were 0.3 million offset by 109.7 million of gross unrealized losses. At December 31, 2021, total gross unrealized gains in the available-for-sale portfolio were 10.0 million offset by 7.8 million of gross unrealized losses. 
 The unrealized losses on debt securities are believed to be temporary primarily because these unrealized losses are due to reductions in market value caused by upward movement in interest rates, and not related to the credit quality of these securities. Our portfolio consists of 49.2 of securities issued by United States government sponsored entities and carry an implicit government guarantee. States and political subdivisions comprise 29.8 of the portfolio and largely general obligation or 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 essential purpose revenue bonds, which have performed very well historically over all business cycles, and are rated AA and AAA. We have the intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity and expect full recovery of the amortized cost. 
 The Company s investment securities with intermediate and long-term maturities were the largest driver of these gross unrealized losses, as the market values of these securities are significantly impacted by the Treasury yield curve for similar durations (i.e., 5-year and 10-year Treasury securities). This portion of the Treasury yield curve has moved significantly upward over the past year, driving unrealized losses on these securities higher. Although the Federal Reserve continues its aggressive effort to raise short-term interest rates to combat inflation, the Company does not expect higher short-term rates to adversely impact the fair values of the Company s investment securities to the same extent as increases in longer-term rates. The Company expects that higher short-term rates may improve yields on certain of the Company s variable rate securities within the next six to twelve months. 
 At December 31, 2021, the 5-year and 10-year U.S. Treasury yields were 1.26 and 1.52 , respectively. At December 31, 2022, those same bond yields were 3.99 and 3.88 , respectively. Therefore, this increase of 273 and 236 basis points, respectively in the intermediate part of the yield curve largely caused the reduction in bond prices for fixed rate bonds in that maturity range. The effects were generally greater for longer maturity bonds, such as municipal bonds. On the other hand, floating rate bonds largely held consistent values, as those interest rates adjust in line with Federal Reserve interest rate hikes. 
 Should the impairment of any of these securities become credit related, the cost basis of the investment will be reduced and the resulting loss will be recognized in net income in the period the credit related impairment is identified, while any non-credit loss will be recognized in other comprehensive loss. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had no credit related net investment impairment losses. 
 
 The following table sets forth the maturities of securities at December 31, 2022 and the weighted average yields of such securities. 
 Available-for-Sale Securities 
 (Dollars in Thousands) Maturing Within One Year After One But Within Five Years After Five But Within Ten Years After Ten Years Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield U.S. Treasury Securities 14,080 1.46 3,786 1.35 U.S. Government Agency Securities 1,745 4.14 48,019 4.30 Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities (2) 
 103,685 2.90 Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (2) 
 631 5.70 10,013 4.01 24,031 4.72 Other Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (2) 
 22,399 2.65 Asset Backed Securities (2) 
 70,943 3.10 70,440 5.04 Collateralized Mortgage Obligations (2) 
 5,354 1.34 171,268 3.63 States and Political Subdivisions 200 5.21 3,453 2.19 82,829 2.19 141,664 2.49 Corporate Notes 61,733 3.87 Total 200 19,909 282,677 533,487 Weighted Average Yield (1) 
 5.21 1.94 3.14 3.34 
 (1) Weighted -average yields are calculated on a taxable-equivalent basis using the federal statutory tax rate of 21 percent. 
 (2) Securities not due at a single maturity date 
 At December 31, 2022 the Company had no held-to-maturity securities; however, if at a future date we classify securities as held-to-maturity, our disclosures will show the weighted average yield for each range of maturities. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company held 54.2 fixed rate and 45.8 floating rate securities. The floating rate securities may have a stated maturity greater than ten years, but the interest rate generally adjusts monthly. Therefore, the duration on these securities is short, generally less than one year, and will therefore not be as sensitive to interest rate changes. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Refer to Note 4, Investment Securities, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to our securities. 
 
 Loan Composition 
 The following table summarizes our loan portfolio as of the periods presented: 
 December 31, (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Commercial Commercial Real Estate 1,470,562 1,323,252 1,453,799 1,365,310 1,359,036 Commercial and Industrial 309,792 345,376 557,164 621,667 661,870 Total Commercial Loans 1,780,354 1,668,628 2,010,963 1,986,977 2,020,906 Consumer Residential Mortgages 657,948 457,988 472,170 514,538 397,280 Other Consumer 44,562 44,666 57,647 73,688 73,058 Total Consumer Loans 702,510 502,654 529,817 588,226 470,338 Construction 353,553 282,947 406,390 309,563 212,548 Other 312,496 357,900 Total Portfolio Loans 3,148,913 2,812,129 2,947,170 2,884,766 2,703,792 Loans Held-for-Sale 228 25,437 19,714 2,559 Loans Held-for-Sale in Connection with Sale of Bank Branches, at the lower of cost or fair value 9,835 Total Loans 3,148,913 2,812,357 2,982,442 2,904,480 2,706,351 
 Our loan portfolio represents our most significant source of interest income. The risk that borrowers are unable to pay such obligations is inherent in the loan portfolio. Other conditions such as downturns in the borrower's industry or the overall economic climate can significantly impact the borrower s ability to pay. For a discussion of the risk factors relevant to our business and operations, please refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Total portfolio loans increased 336.8 million, or 12.0 to 3.1 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 2.8 billion at December 31, 2021 with strong production in our CRE, residential mortgage and construction portfolios. We experienced a decline in total loans during 2021 primarily due to large commercial loan payoffs, 62.2 million of loan sales and mortgage refinancing sold in the secondary markets. 
 The commercial portfolio is monitored for potential concentrations of credit risk by market, property type and tenant concentrations. The Bank experienced strong growth in the residential mortgage loan portfolio during 2022. However, given the expectation of continued higher mortgage rates next year, we expect more modest growth during future periods. At December 31, 2022, the loan portfolio was comprised of 26.8 floating rate loans which reprice monthly, 41.2 variable rate loans that reprice at least once during the life of the loan, of which a majority of this loan population has one or more repricing events remaining before maturity, and 32.0 fixed rate loans. The Company carefully monitors the loan portfolio, including the potential impact on repayment capacity that our borrowers may experience given the interest rate environment. 
 Our exposure to the hospitality industry at December 31, 2022 equated to approximately 360.4 million, or 11.4 , of total portfolio loans. These were mostly loans secured by upscale or top tier flagged hotels, which have historically exhibited low leverage and strong operating cash flows. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021, we observed improvements in occupancy and the average daily rates for our hotel clients following sharp declines as a result of the pandemic. However, our clients continue to face challenges with respect to labor, which we believe impedes their ability to turnover rooms resulting in occupancy constraints. This has caused, or may cause, them to operate with lower levels of liquidity and an inability to reserve for capital improvements and could adversely affect their ability to pay property expenses, capital improvements and/or repay existing indebtedness. Contractual payments have been restored since the expiration of our deferral program on June 30, 2021. These developments, together with the current economic conditions, generally, may adversely impact the value of real estate 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 collateral in hospitality and other commercial real estate exposure. As a result, our financial condition, capital levels and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Aggregate commitments to our top 10 credit relationships were 652.5 million at December 31, 2022. The largest relationship of the top 10 represents 47.4 of the aggregate commitments of our top 10 credit relationships. 
 The following table summarizes our top 10 relationships and a description of industries represented for the periods presented: 
 Dollars in Thousands For the Periods Ending Top Ten (10) Relationships 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Change 2022 of Gross Loans 2022 of RBC 1. Hospitality, agriculture energy 309,107 350,010 (40,903) 9.82 63.94 2. Retail real estate food services 55,625 56,073 (448) 1.77 11.51 3. Industrial retail real estate 41,725 45,653 (3,928) 1.32 8.63 4. Multifamily development 40,000 36,720 3,280 1.27 8.27 5. Retail real estate 37,679 38,250 (571) 1.20 7.79 6. Hospitality 35,255 35,664 (409) 1.12 7.29 7. Multifamily student housing 33,998 35,405 (1,407) 1.08 7.03 8. Special / limited use 33,736 33,736 1.07 6.98 9. Hospitality 33,587 34,463 (876) 1.06 6.95 10. Multifamily development 31,790 29,389 2,401 1.01 6.58 Top Ten (10) Relationships 652,502 695,363 (42,861) 20.72 134.97 Total Gross Loans 3,148,913 2,812,357 336,556 of Total Gross Loans 20.72 24.73 (4.01) Concentration (25 of RBC) 120,863 120,781 
 Unfunded commitments on lines of credit were 512.7 million at December 31, 2022 as compared to 433.1 million at December 31, 2021. The majority of unused commitments are for construction projects that will be drawn as the construction completes. Total utilization was 50.3 at December 31, 2022 and 52.2 at December 31, 2021. Unfunded commitments on commercial operating lines of credit was 49.7 at December 31, 2022 and 51.7 at December 31, 2021. 
 We attempt to limit our exposure to credit risk by diversifying our loan portfolio by segment, geography, collateral and industry while actively managing concentrations. When concentrations exist in certain segments, this risk is mitigated by reviewing the relevant economic indicators and internal risk rating trends of the loans in these segments. The Company established transaction, relationship and specific loan segment limits in its loan policy. Total commercial real estate balances should not exceed the combination of 300 of total risk-based capital and growth in excess of 50 over the previous thirty-six months and construction loan balances should not exceed 100 of total risk-based capital. Investment real estate property types and purchased loan programs have individual dollar limits that should not be exceeded in the portfolio and are based on management s risk tolerance relative to capital. In addition, there are specific limits in place for various categories of real estate loans with regards to loan-to-value ratios, loan terms, and amortization periods. We also have policy limits on loan-to-cost for construction projects. Although leverage is important, the Company is also focused on cash flow generation and uses multiple metrics to calculate a supportable loan amount. Supportable loan amounts have generally been more challenging given the increases in commodities pricing. 
 Unsecured loans pose higher risk for the Company due to the lack of a well-defined secondary source of repayment. Commercial unsecured loans are reserved for the best quality customers with well-established businesses that operate with low financial and operating leverage. The repayment capacity of the borrower should exceed the policy and guidelines for secured loans. The Company significantly increased the standards for consumer unsecured lending by adjusting upward the required qualifying Fair Isaac Corporation FICO scores and restricting loan amounts at lower FICO scores. 
 Deferred costs and fees included in the portfolio balances above were 8.2 million and 4.5 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Discounts on purchased 1-4 family loans included in the portfolio balances above were 161.2 thousand and 190.6 thousand at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 From time to time, we have mortgage loans held-for-sale derived from two sources. First, we purchase mortgage loans on a short-term basis from a partner financial institution that has fully executed sales contracts to end investors. Second, we originate and close mortgages with fully executed contracts with investors to purchase shortly after closing. We then hold these mortgage loans from both sources until funded by the investor, typically a two-week period. There were no mortgage loans held-for-sale at December 31, 2022 and 0.2 million at December 31, 2021. 
 The following tables present the maturity schedule of portfolio loan types at December 31, 2022: 
 Maturity (Dollars in Thousands) Within One Year After One But Within Five Years After Five But Within 15 Years After 15 Years Total Fixed interest rates Commercial Real Estate 79,588 246,838 65,901 9,372 401,699 Commercial and Industrial 5,958 67,284 152,868 2,985 229,095 Residential Mortgages 11,086 7,308 71,857 23,853 114,104 Other Consumer 2,485 40,758 984 44,227 Construction 102,720 113,521 2,892 219,133 Other Portfolio Loans with Fixed Interest Rates 201,837 475,709 294,502 36,210 1,008,258 Variable interest rates Commercial Real Estate 47,898 79,053 665,031 276,881 1,068,863 Commercial and Industrial 27,176 27,310 22,867 3,344 80,697 Residential Mortgages 1,910 1,475 25,788 514,671 543,844 Other Consumer 335 335 Construction 49,313 76,025 7,540 1,542 134,420 Other 309,107 3,389 312,496 Portfolio Loans with Variable Interest Rates 435,739 183,863 721,226 799,827 2,140,655 Total Portfolio Loans 637,576 659,572 1,015,728 836,037 3,148,913 
 Refer to Note 5, Loans and Loans Held-For-Sale, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to our loans. 
 
 Credit Quality 
 On a monthly basis, a Criticized Asset Committee meets to review certain watch, special mention and substandard risk rated loans within prescribed policy thresholds. These loans typically represent the highest risk of loss to the Company. Action plans are established and these loans are monitored through regular contact with the borrower and loan officer, review of current financial information and other documentation, review of all loan or potential loan restructures or modifications and the regular re-evaluation of assets held as collateral. 
 On a quarterly basis, the Credit Risk Committee of the Board meets to review our loan portfolio metrics, approve segment limits, approve the adequacy of ACL, and findings from Loan Review identified in the previous quarter. Annually, this same committee approves credit related policies and policy enhancements as they become available. 
 Additional credit risk management practices include continuous reviews of trends in our lending footprint and our lending policies and procedures to support sound underwriting practices, concentrations, delinquencies and annual portfolio stress testing. Our Loan Review department serves as a mechanism to independently monitor credit quality and assess the effectiveness of credit risk management practices to provide oversight of all lending activities. The loan review function has the primary responsibility for assessing commercial credit administration and credit decision functions of consumer and mortgage underwriting, as well as providing input to the loan risk rating process. Our policy is to place loans in all categories in nonaccrual status when collection of interest or principal is doubtful, or generally when interest or principal payments are 90 days or more past due based on contractual terms. Consumer unsecured loans and secured loans are evaluated for charge-off 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 after the loan becomes 90 days past due. Unsecured loans are fully charged-off and secured loans are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral less the cost to sell. 
 The ability of borrowers to repay commercial loans is dependent upon the success of their business and general economic conditions. Due to the greater potential for loss within our commercial portfolio, we monitor the commercial loan portfolio through an internal risk rating system. Loan risk ratings are assigned based upon the creditworthiness of the borrower and are reviewed on an ongoing basis according to our internal policies. Loans rated special mention or substandard have potential or well-defined weaknesses not generally found in high quality, performing loans, and require attention from management to limit loss. 
 The following tables represent credit exposures by internally assigned risk ratings as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 (Dollars in Thousands) Commercial Real Estate Commercial Industrial Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Construction Other Total Pass 1,457,340 303,893 653,044 44,495 352,516 180,745 2,992,033 Special Mention 10,796 2,887 983 69 14,735 Substandard 2,426 3,012 3,921 67 968 131,751 142,145 Total Portfolio Loans 1,470,562 309,792 657,948 44,562 353,553 312,496 3,148,913 Performing Loans 1,468,258 309,588 654,683 44,554 352,689 312,496 3,142,268 Nonaccrual Loans 2,304 204 3,265 8 864 6,645 Total Portfolio Loans 1,470,562 309,792 657,948 44,562 353,553 312,496 3,148,913 
 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in Thousands) Commercial Real Estate Commercial Industrial Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Construction Other Total Pass 1,314,576 337,294 453,894 44,554 281,241 185,247 2,616,806 Special Mention 5,260 8 553 604 3,281 9,706 Substandard 3,416 8,074 3,541 112 1,102 169,372 185,617 Total Portfolio Loans 1,323,252 345,376 457,988 44,666 282,947 357,900 2,812,129 Performing Loans 1,319,915 344,925 455,437 44,593 281,962 357,900 2,804,732 Nonaccrual Loans 3,337 451 2,551 73 985 7,397 Total Portfolio Loans 1,323,252 345,376 457,988 44,666 282,947 357,900 2,812,129 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had no loans that were risk rated as doubtful. Special mention and substandard loans at December 31, 2022 decreased 38.4 million to 156.9 million compared to 195.3 million at December 31, 2021, with an increase of 5.0 million in special mention and a decrease of 43.4 million in substandard. The largest variance in special mention was primarily related to a CRE project totaling 9.9 million that was downgraded, offset by the payment in full on two CRE projects totaling 6.0 million and an upgraded credit to pass status in the amount of 1.5 million. In addition to CRE, the Company downgraded a syndicated C I loan totaling 2.9 million. The decrease in substandard loans primarily related to the Other loan segment due to principal paydowns during 2022. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Nonperforming assets consist of nonaccrual loans and OREO. The following table summarizes nonperforming assets for the dates presented: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 Nonperforming Loans Commercial Real Estate 2,304 3,337 Commercial and Industrial 204 451 Residential Mortgages 3,265 2,551 Other Consumer 8 73 Construction 864 985 Other Total Nonperforming Loans 6,645 7,397 Other Real Estate Owned 8,393 10,916 Total Nonperforming Assets 15,038 18,313 Nonperforming Loans to Total Portfolio Loans 0.21 0.26 Nonperforming Assets to Total Portfolio Loans plus Other Real Estate Owned 0.48 0.65 
 Nonperforming assets decreased 3.3 million, or 17.9 to 15.0 million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a 2.5 million decrease in OREO, driven primarily by sales and payments. Closed retail bank offices have a remaining book value of 1.1 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.0 million at December 31, 2021. During 2022, six branch closures were completed and moved to OREO as part of our branch network optimization project that aligns with our strategic goals to enhance franchise value and improve operating efficiency. Nine properties were sold totaling 1.9 million sold and two properties totaling 0.9 million were closed, but remain to be sold. Organic OREO decreased 2.6 million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. 
 NPLs decreased by 0.8 million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. NPLs as a percentage of total portfolio loans were 0.21 at December 31, 2022 compared to 0.26 at December 31, 2021. 
 Past Company legacy underwriting standards relied heavily on loan to value and did not necessarily consider the income characteristics of the borrower. An overreliance on value as a primary repayment source can become compromised during real estate cycles. As a result, management has worked through these legacy credits and has installed a number of underwriting guardrails that consider the proportion of speculation, transaction limits and introduced sensitivity analysis in order to determine supportable loan amounts. While these guardrails do not insulate the Company from credit cycles, it should reduce the experience of defaults. Despite economic uncertainty, increased costs and interest rates, credit quality remains favorable. 
 There were no nonaccrual loans related to loans held-for-sale at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Refer to Note 6, Allowance for Credit Losses, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to our nonperforming loans and OREO. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 The following table summarizes past due loans for the dates presented: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 Loans 30 to 89 Days Past Due Commercial Commercial Real Estate 104 229 Commercial and Industrial 283 297 Total Commercial Loans 387 526 Consumer Residential Mortgages 445 683 Other Consumer 541 461 Total Consumer Loans 986 1,144 Construction 3,464 Other Total Loans 30 to 89 Days Past Due 4,837 1,670 
 Portfolio loans past due 30 to 89 days and still accruing increased 3.2 million to 4.8 million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, primarily in the construction segment due to two relationships with an aggregate principal balance of 2.9 million at December 31, 2022. There were no loans during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 that were past due more than 90 days and still accruing. 
 Closed-end installment loans, amortizing loans secured by real estate and any other loans with payments scheduled monthly are reported past due when the borrower is in arrears two or more monthly payments. Other multi-payment obligations with payments scheduled other than monthly are reported past due when one scheduled payment is due and unpaid for 30 days or more. We monitor delinquency on a monthly basis, including loans that are at risk for becoming delinquent and early stage delinquencies in order to identify emerging patterns and potential problem loans. 
 Troubled Debt Restructuring Disclosures Prior to Our Adoption of ASU No. 2022-02 
 Prior to our adoption of ASU No. 2022-02, the Company accounted for Troubled Debt Restructuring TDR as a loan which, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, granted a concession to the borrower that we would not otherwise grant. The Company strives to identify borrowers in financial difficulty early and work with them to modify terms and conditions before their loan defaults and/or is transferred to nonaccrual status. Modified terms that might have been considered a TDR generally included extension of maturity dates at a stated interest rate lower than the current market rate for a new loan with similar characteristics, reductions in contractual interest rates or principal deferment. While unusual, there may have been instances of principal forgiveness. Short-term modifications that were considered insignificant were generally not considered a TDR unless there were other concessions granted. On April 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2022-02, which eliminated TDR accounting prospectively for all restructurings occurring on or after January 1, 2022. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Polices, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to ASU No. 2022-02. 
 Generally, the Company individually evaluates all loans experiencing financial difficulty, with a commitment greater than or equal to 1.0 million for individually evaluated loan reserves. In addition, the Company may individually evaluate credits that have complex loan structures, even if the commitment is less than 1.0 million. Nonaccrual loans can be returned to accruing status if the ultimate collectability of all contractual amounts due, according to the restructured agreement, is not in doubt and there is a period of a minimum of six months of satisfactory payment performance by the borrower either immediately before or after the restructuring. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The following summarizes our allowance for credit loss experience at December 31 for each of the years presented: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Balance Beginning of Year 95,939 54,074 38,762 Impact of CECL Adoption 61,642 Provision for Credit Losses 2,419 3,350 18,006 Charge-offs: Commercial Real Estate 19,662 40 Commercial and Industrial 3,436 374 66 Residential Mortgages 46 273 258 Other Consumer 1,677 2,256 3,991 Construction 1,859 Other Total Charge-offs 5,159 24,424 4,355 Recoveries: Commercial Real Estate 159 707 Commercial and Industrial 1 291 2 Residential Mortgages 99 168 27 Other Consumer 404 586 737 Construction 149 93 188 Other Total Recoveries 653 1,297 1,661 Total Net Charge-offs 4,506 23,127 2,694 Balance End of Year 93,852 95,939 54,074 Net Charge-offs to Average Portfolio Loans 0.15 0.79 0.09 Allowance for Credit Losses to Total Portfolio Loans 2.98 3.41 1.83 
 Total net charge-offs decreased to 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 23.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily in the CRE segment. The largest charge-off in 2022 was 3.4 million on a purchased syndicated C I loan in the amount of 4.9 million, which was previously reserved for 2.6 million, transferred to held-for-sale in the third quarter of 2022 in the amount of 1.5 million and then sold in the fourth quarter of 2022. The net charge-offs of 23.1 million for the full year 2021 was primarily attributable to the resolution of five problem relationships during 2021, in which the majority of losses were anticipated and previously reserved. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 The following is the allocation of the ACL balance by segment as of December 31 for the years presented below: 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in Thousands) Amount of Loans Amount of Loans Commercial Real Estate 17,992 46.7 17,297 47.0 Commercial Industrial 3,980 9.9 4,111 12.3 Residential Mortgages 8,891 20.9 4,368 16.3 Other Consumer 1,329 1.4 1,493 1.6 Construction 6,942 11.2 6,939 10.1 Other 54,718 9.9 61,731 12.7 Balance End of Year 93,852 100.0 95,939 100.0 
 The declines in the other segment were primarily due to principal pay-downs during 2022. The ACL was 93.9 million, or 2.98 , of total portfolio loans at December 31, 2022 compared to 95.9 million, or 3.41 of total portfolio loans at December 31, 2021. 
 The following table summarizes the credit quality ratios and their components as of December 31 for the years presented below: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 Allowance for Credit Losses to Total Portfolio Loans Allowance for Credit Losses 93,852 95,939 Total Portfolio Loans 3,148,913 2,812,129 Allowance for Credit Losses to Total Portfolio Loans 2.98 3.41 Nonperforming Loans to Total Portfolio Loans Nonperforming Loans 6,645 7,397 Total Portfolio Loans 3,148,913 2,812,129 Nonperforming Loans to Total Portfolio Loans 0.21 0.26 Allowance for Credit Losses to Nonperforming Loans Allowance for Credit Losses 93,852 95,939 Nonperforming Loans 6,645 7,397 Allowance for Credit Losses to Nonperforming Loans 1,412.37 1,297.00 Net Charge-offs to Average Portfolio Loans Net Charge-offs 4,506 23,127 Average Total Portfolio Loans 2,988,785 2,927,083 Net Charge-offs to Average Portfolio Loans 0.15 0.79 
 The provision (recovery) for credit losses, which includes a provision (recovery) for losses on loans and on unfunded commitments, is a charge to earnings to maintain the ACL at a level consistent with management's assessment of expected losses over the life of loans as of the balance sheet date. The provision for credit losses decreased 0.9 million to 2.4 million for the year ended 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The reductions in the Other segment reserves due to principal paydowns were partially offset by charge-offs in 2022 and reserves associated with loan growth. 
 The provision (recovery) for unfunded commitments increased 1.8 million to 0.5 million for the year ended 2022 when compared to a recovery of 1.3 million for the year ended 2021 due to the level of construction commitments as well as changes in reserve rates. The reserve for unfunded commitments is largely comprised of unfunded commitments related to real estate construction loans. There are three basic factors that influence the reserve rates associated with unfunded commitments for construction loans. First, the reserve rate is extrapolated from the reserve rates calculated for certain commercial real estate funded loans within the ACL model. These reserve rates are influenced by the same factors cited in the ACL model such as economic forecasts, average portfolio life, etc. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to the ACL Policy and the discussion of these factors. Second, since the category of construction is generic, management applies a weighting of the reserve rates associated with certain CRE loans. The proportion of these segments affect the weighting. Third, volume changes impact the total reserve calculation. 
 As a percentage of average total portfolio loans, net charge-offs were 0.15 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.79 for the same period in 2021. At December 31, 2022 NPLs decreased 0.8 million at December 31, 2022 since December 31, 2021. NPLs as a percentage of total portfolio loans were 0.21 and 0.26 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Refer to Note 6, Allowance for Credit Losses, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to our ACL. 
 
 Deposits 
 The daily average balance of deposits and rates paid on deposits are summarized in the following table for the years ended December 31: 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in Thousands) Average Balance Rate Average Balance Rate Noninterest-Bearing Demand 716,645 736,974 Interest-Bearing Demand 489,298 0.32 413,714 0.24 Money Market 521,269 0.35 383,391 0.29 Savings 720,682 0.10 663,382 0.10 Certificates of Deposit 1,271,548 1.14 1,484,436 1.31 Total Interest-Bearing Deposits 3,002,797 0.62 2,944,923 0.76 Total Average Deposits 3,719,442 0.50 3,681,897 0.60 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, t otal average deposits grew 37.5 million, including an increase in average money market accounts of 137.9 million, or 36.0 , an increase in average interest-bearing deposits of 75.5 million, or 18.3 , and an increase in average savings accounts of 57.3 million, or 8.6 . The increases were partially offset by a managed decrease in average CDs of 212.9 million, or 14.3 due to the intentional runoff of higher cost CDs, through the first half of the year, and a decline in average noninterest-bearing demand deposits of 20.3 million. Due to historically low market interest rates during 2021 and the first half of 2022, the Company was able to migrate away from higher rate CDs and grow lower yielding, more liquid products. During the second half of 2022, market interest rates increased quickly providing new incentives for customers to seek out higher yielding CDs. 
 The following table presents additional information about our year-end deposits: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 Deposits from the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Services (CDARS) 922 139 Noninterest-Bearing Public Funds Deposits 27,086 58,393 Interest-Bearing Public Funds Deposits 180,243 123,968 Total Deposits not Covered by Deposit Insurance (1) 
 378,175 396,626 Certificates of Deposits not Covered by Deposit Insurance 159,030 147,134 Deposits from Certain Directors, Executive Officers and their Affiliates 2,910 3,032 
 (1) These deposits are presented on an estimated basis. This estimate was determined based on the same methodologies and assumptions used for regulatory reporting requirements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Maturities of CDs over 250,000 or more not covered by deposit insurance at December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) Amount Percent Three Months or Less 16,002 10.1 Over Three Months Through Twelve Months 72,505 45.6 Over Twelve Months Through Three Years 62,836 39.5 Over Three Years 7,687 4.8 Total 159,030 100.0 
 Refer to Note 11, Deposits, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to our deposits. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB Borrowings and Federal Funds Purchased 
 Information pertaining to FHLB borrowings and federal funds purchased at December 31 is summarized in the table below: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Balance at Period End Federal Home Loan Bank Borrowings 180,550 7,000 35,000 Federal Funds Purchased 17,870 Average Balance during Period Federal Home Loan Bank Borrowings 29,849 25,986 30,628 Federal Funds Purchased 5,711 55 Average Interest Rate during the Period Federal Home Loan Bank Borrowings 3.90 1.20 1.18 Federal Funds Purchased 3.29 1.82 Maximum Month-end Balance during the Period Federal Home Loan Bank Borrowings 180,550 35,000 35,000 Federal Funds Purchased 23,020 Average Interest Rate at Period End Federal Home Loan Bank Borrowings 4.48 1.61 1.13 Federal Funds Purchased 4.65 
 The Company had 180.6 million FHLB borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 7.0 million at December 31, 2021 an increase of 173.6 million. The Company had 17.9 million in overnight federal funds purchased at December 31, 2022 and had no outstanding overnight federal funds purchased at December 31, 2021. The level and composition of borrowed funds fluctuates over time based on many factors including market conditions, loan growth, investment securities, deposit growth and capital considerations. We manage our borrowed funds to provide a reliable source of liquidity. 
 
 The Company held FHLB of Atlanta stock of 9.7 million and 2.4 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Dividends recorded on this restricted stock were 154 thousand and 121 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The investment is carried at cost and evaluated for impairment based on the ultimate recoverability of the par value. We hold FHLB stock because we are a member of the FHLB of Atlanta. The FHLB requires members to purchase and hold a specified level of FHLB stock based upon the members asset values, level of borrowings and participation in other programs offered. Stock in the FHLB is non-marketable and is redeemable at the discretion of the FHLB. Members do not purchase stock in the FHLB for the same reasons that traditional equity investors acquire stock in an investor-owned enterprise. Rather, members purchase stock to obtain access to the products and services offered by the FHLB. Unlike equity securities of traditional for-profit enterprises, the stock of the FHLB does not provide its holders with an opportunity for capital appreciation because, by regulation, FHLB stock can only be purchased, redeemed and transferred at par value. 
 Refer to Note 12, Federal Home Loan Bank Borrowings and Federal Funds Purchased, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to our borrowings. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Capital Resources 
 The following table summarizes ratios for the Company and Bank for December 31: 
 2022 2021 Common Equity Tier 1 Carter Bankshares, Inc. 12.61 14.21 Carter Bank and Trust 12.42 14.04 Tier 1 Ratio Carter Bankshares, Inc. 12.61 14.21 Carter Bank and Trust 12.42 14.04 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio Carter Bankshares, Inc. 13.86 15.46 Carter Bank and Trust 13.68 15.29 Leverage Ratio Carter Bankshares, Inc. 10.29 10.62 Carter Bank and Trust 10.13 10.49 
 Total shareholders equity decreased by 79.0 million to 328.6 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 407.6 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to 87.3 million, net of tax, decrease in other comprehensive loss due to changes in the fair value of available-for-sale securities and 42.9 million related to the repurchase of common stock, partially offset by net income of 50.1 million. The remaining difference of 1.1 million is related to stock-based compensation during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various capital requirements administered by the federal banking regulators. Failure to meet the minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, we must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. Prompt corrective action provisions are not applicable to bank holding companies. Quantitative measures established by regulations to ensure capital adequacy require us to maintain minimum amounts and ratios. 
 Prompt corrective action regulations provide five classifications: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition. If adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as is asset growth and expansion, and capital restoration plans are required. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the most recent regulatory notifications categorized the Bank as well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the institution s category. 
 The Company continues to maintain its capital position with a leverage ratio of 10.29 as compared to the regulatory guideline of 5.00 to be well-capitalized and a risk-based Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 12.61 compared to the regulatory guideline of 6.50 to be well-capitalized. Our risk-based Tier 1 and Total Capital ratios were 12.61 and 13.86 , respectively, which places the Company above the federal bank regulatory agencies well-capitalized guidelines of 8.00 and 10.00 , respectively. We believe that we have the ability to raise additional capital, if necessary. 
 The Basel rules also permit banking organizations with less than 15.0 billion in assets to retain, through a one-time election, existing treatment for accumulated other comprehensive income, which currently does not affect regulatory capital. The Company elected to retain this treatment which reduces the volatility of regulatory capital levels. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and Total Capital ratios, along with a capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in new minimum capital ratios. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a ratio of Common 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the minimum but below the conservation buffer (or below the combined capital conservation buffer and countercyclical capital buffer, when the latter is applied) will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. The Basel III Capital Rules also provide for a countercyclical capital buffer that is applicable to only certain covered institutions and does not have any current applicability to the Company or the Bank. 
 In December 2018, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, (the OCC ), the Federal Reserve System, FRB ), and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, FDIC ), approved a final rule to address changes to credit loss accounting under GAAP, including banking organizations implementation of CECL. The final rule provides banking organizations the option to phase in over a three-year period the Day 1 adverse effects on regulatory capital that may result from the adoption of the new accounting standard. On March 27, 2020, the regulators issued interim final rule IFR ), Regulatory Capital Rule: Revised Transition of the Current Expected Credit Losses Methodology for Allowances in response to the disrupted economic activity from the spread of COVID-19. The IFR maintains the three-year transition option in the previous rule and provides banks the option to delay for two years an estimate of CECL s effect on regulatory capital, relative to the incurred loss methodology s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period (five-year transition option). We adopted CECL effective January 1, 2021 and elected to implement the capital transition relief over the permissible three-year period. 
 Refer to Note 20, Capital Adequacy, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to our capital. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Contractual obligations represent future cash commitments and liabilities under agreements with third parties and exclude contingent contractual liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payments. The Company has various financial obligations, including contractual obligations and commitments that may require future cash payments. The following table presents, as of December 31, 2022, significant fixed and determinable contractual obligations to third parties by payment date: 
 Payments Due In (Dollars in Thousands) Less Than One Year One to Three Years Three to Five Years More Than five Years Total Deposits without a Stated Maturity (1) 
 2,368,807 2,368,807 Certificates of Deposits (1) 
 637,771 487,827 134,345 1,583 1,261,526 Federal Home Loan Bank Borrowings 180,550 180,550 Federal Funds Purchased 17,870 17,870 Operating and Capital Leases 675 1,287 1,247 9,975 13,184 Purchase Obligations 4,674 8,719 8,089 2,983 24,465 Total 3,210,347 497,833 143,681 14,541 3,866,402 (1) Excludes Interest 
 Lease contracts are described in Note 8, Premises and Equipment, of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Purchase obligations primarily represent obligations under agreement with a third-party data processing vendor and communications charges. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In the normal course of business, the Company offers our customers lines of credit and letters of credit to meet their financing objectives. The undrawn or unfunded portion of these facilities do not represent outstanding balances and therefore are not reflected in our financial statements as loans receivable. The Company provides lines of credit to our clients to memorialize the commitment to finance the completion of construction projects and revolving lines of credit to operating companies to finance their working capital needs. Lines of credit for construction projects represent 373.2 million, or 59.2 and 283.9 million, or 55.3 of the commitments to extend credit identified in the table below at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company provides letters of credit, generally, for the benefit or our customers to provide assurance to various municipalities that construction projects will be completed according to approved plans and specifications. These instruments involve elements of credit and interest rate risk and our exposure to credit loss, in the event the customer does not satisfy the 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 terms of the agreement, could be equal to the contractual amount of the obligation less the value of any collateral. The Company analyzes this risk and calculates a reserve for unfunded commitments. The same credit policies are applied in granting these facilities as those used for underwriting loans. Lines of credit to finance construction projects include a construction end date, at which time the loan is expected to convert to a mini-perm loan. A department independent of our lending group monitors construction commitments of 1.0 million or more. Lines of credit to operating companies to finance working capital include a maturity date and may include various financial covenants. Letters of credit include an expiration date unless it is a standby letter of credit which automatically renews but generally provide for a termination clause on an annual basis given sufficient notice to the beneficiary. The Company typically charges an annual fee for the issuance of letters of credit. Because letters of credit are expected to expire without being drawn upon, these commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements of the Company. 
 The following table sets forth the commitments and letters of credit as of December 31: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 Commitments to Extend Credit 630,619 513,482 Standby Letters of Credit 25,739 27,083 Total 656,358 540,565 
 Estimates of the fair value of these off-balance sheet items were not made because of the short-term nature of these arrangements and the credit standing of the counterparties. 
 For more details, see Note 17 - Commitments and Contingencies, in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity is defined as a financial institution s ability to meet its cash and collateral obligations at a reasonable cost. This includes the ability to satisfy the financial needs of depositors who want to withdraw funds or borrowers needing to access funds to meet their credit needs. In order to manage liquidity risk the Company s Board has delegated authority to the ALCO for formulation, implementation and oversight of liquidity risk management for the Company. The ALCO s goal is to maintain adequate levels of liquidity at a reasonable cost to meet funding needs in both a normal operating environment and for potential liquidity stress events. The ALCO monitors and manages liquidity through various ratios, reviewing cash flow projections, performing stress tests and by having a detailed contingency funding plan. The ALCO policy guidelines define graduated risk tolerance levels. If our liquidity position moves to a level that has been defined as high risk, specific actions are required, such as increased monitoring or the development of an action plan to reduce the risk position. 
 The Company s primary funding and liquidity source is a stable customer deposit base. Management believes that we have the ability to retain existing deposits and attract new deposits, mitigating any funding dependency on other more volatile sources. Although deposits are the primary source of funds, the Company has identified various other funding sources that can be used as part of our normal funding program when either a structure or cost efficiency has been identified. Additional funding sources accessible to the Company include borrowing availability at the FHLB, equal to 25 of the Company s assets approximating 1.0 billion, subject to the amount of eligible collateral pledged, unsecured federal funds lines with six other correspondent financial institutions in the amount of 145.0 million, access to the institutional CD market, and the brokered deposit market. In addition to the lines referenced above, the Company also has 611.8 million of unpledged available-for-sale investment securities as an additional source of liquidity. Please refer to the Liquidity Sources table below for available funding with the FHLB and our unsecured lines of credit with correspondent banks. 
 An important component of our ability to effectively respond to potential liquidity stress events is maintaining a cushion of highly liquid assets. Highly liquid assets are those that can be converted to cash quickly, with little or no loss in value, to meet financial obligations. ALCO policy guidelines define a ratio of highly liquid assets to total assets by graduated risk tolerance levels of minimal, moderate and high. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had 616.3 million in highly liquid assets, which consisted of FRB Excess Reserves and interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions of 4.5 million, and 611.8 million in unpledged securities. This resulted in highly liquid assets to total assets ratio of 14.7 at December 31, 2022. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (continued) 

 If an extended recession caused large numbers of our deposit customers to withdraw their funds, we might become more reliant on volatile or more expensive sources of funding. 
 The following table provides detail of liquidity sources as of December 31: 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 Cash and Due From Banks, including Interest-bearing Deposits 46,869 277,799 Unpledged Investment Securities 611,845 743,836 Excess Pledged Securities 46,305 28,417 FHLB Borrowing Availability 676,746 667,307 Unsecured Lines of Credit Availability 127,130 145,000 Total Liquidity Sources 1,508,895 1,862,359 
 
 Inflation 
 Management is aware of the significant effect inflation has on interest rates and can have on financial performance. The Company s ability to cope with this is best determined by analyzing its capability to respond to changing interest rates and its ability to manage noninterest income and expense. The mix of interest-rate sensitive assets and liabilities is monitored through ALCO in order to reduce the impact of inflation on net interest income. The effects of inflation are controlled by reviewing the prices of our products and services, by introducing new products and services and by controlling overhead expenses. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on a financial institution s performance than the effects of general levels of inflation. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Plan 
 On June 28, 2022, the Company s Board authorized the adoption of a new common stock repurchase program for the purchase of up to an additional 750,000 shares of the Company s common stock from time-to-time on the open market 2022 program ), at management s discretion, which was in addition to the existing plan approved by the Board on December 10, 2021 prior program , and together with the 2022 program, the Company Stock Repurchase Programs. The prior program was completed on April 28, 2022. The Company purchased 2,587,361 shares of its outstanding common stock on the open market at a total cost of 42.9 million, or 16.59 per share during the year ended December 31, 2022 under the Company Stock Repurchase Programs . The remaining shares authorized to be purchased under the 2022 program totaled 132,232 shares at December 31, 2022 . 
 The Company Stock Repurchase Programs are described in Item 5, Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 Market Risk 
 Market risk is defined as the degree to which changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices, or equity prices can adversely affect a financial institution s earnings or capital. For financial institutions, market risk primarily reflects exposures to changes in interest rates. Interest rate fluctuations affect earnings by changing net interest income and other interest-sensitive income and expense levels. Interest rate changes affect capital by changing the net present value of a financial institution s future cash flows, and the cash flows themselves, as rates change. Accepting this risk is a normal part of banking and can be an important source of profitability and enhancement of shareholder value. However, excessive interest rate risk can threaten a financial institution s earnings, capital, liquidity, and solvency. Our sensitivity to changes in interest rate movements is continually monitored by the ALCO. 
 The ALCO utilizes an asset liability model ALM to monitor and manage market risk by simulating various rate shock scenarios and analyzing the results of the rate shocks on the Company s projected net interest income NII and economic value of equity EVE ). The rate shock scenarios used in the ALM span over multiple time horizons and yield curve shapes and include parallel and non-parallel shifts to ensure the ALCO can mitigate future earnings and market value fluctuations due to changes in market interest rates. 
 Within the context of the ALM, NII rate shock simulations explicitly measure the exposure to earnings from changes in market rates of interest over a defined time horizon. These robust simulations include assumptions of how the balance sheet will react in different rate environments including loan prepayment speeds, the average life of non-maturing deposits, and how sensitive each interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability is to changes in the market rates (betas). Under simulation analysis, our current financial position is combined with assumptions regarding future business to calculate net interest income under various hypothetical rate scenarios. Reviewing these various measures provides us with a more comprehensive view of our interest rate risk profile. 
 NII rate shock simulation results are compared to a base case NII result to provide an estimate of the impact that simulated market rate changes may have on 12 months and 24 months of pretax NII. The base case earnings scenario together with various rate shock earning scenarios are modeled utilizing both a static and growth balance sheet. A static balance sheet is a no-growth balance sheet in which all maturing and/or repricing cash flows are reinvested in the same product at the existing product spread over a prescribed index. Parallel rate shock analyses assume an immediate parallel shift in market interest rates across all horizons of the yield curve and also include management s assumptions regarding the impact of interest rate changes on non-maturity deposit products (noninterest-bearing demand, interest-bearing demand, money market, and savings) and changes in the prepayment behavior of loans and securities with embedded optionality. Our policy guidelines limit the change in pretax NII over a 12-month horizon using rate shocks of +/- 100, 200, 300, and 400 basis points. 
 To monitor interest rate risk beyond the 24-month time horizon of rate shocks, we also perform EVE rate shock simulations using the same assumptions used in the NII rate shock simulations discussed above. EVE represents the present value of all asset cash flows discounted with related market interest rates minus the present value of all liability cash flows which are also discounted with related market interest rates. The impact of a changing interest rate environment on the Company s projected EVE is analyzed by shocking market interest rates, then modeling the impact of the rate shock on both the cash flow of assets and liabilities, and the underlying discount rate utilized in the present value calculation of the assets and liabilities. Market rate shock results are then compared to base case simulation results to determine the impact that market rate changes may have on our EVE. As with NII rate shock analyses, EVE rate shock analyses incorporate management s assumptions regarding prepayment behavior of fixed rate loans and securities with embedded optionality and the behavior and value of non-maturity deposit products. Our policy guidelines limit the change in EVE given changes in rates of +/- 100, 200, 300, and 400 basis points. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK - (continued) 

 The following tables reflect the NII rate shock analyses and EVE analyses results for the periods presented utilizing a forecasted static balance sheet over the next twelve months. All percentage changes presented are within prescribed ranges set by management. 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change in Interest Rate (basis points) Change in Pretax Net Interest Income Change in Economic Value of Equity Change in Pretax Net Interest Income Change in Economic Value of Equity 400 14.5 (4.7) 43.6 24.6 300 11.2 (2.1) 33.1 20.6 200 7.7 (0.2) 22.5 15.4 100 4.1 0.8 11.4 8.6 -100 (5.1) (3.4) (2.4) (7.0) -200 (10.7) (8.5) (3.2) (11.5) -300 (17.3) (16.0) (3.3) 0.9 -400 (23.5) (28.0) (3.3) 14.3 
 The results from the net interest income rate shock analysis are consistent with having an asset sensitive balance sheet when adjusted for repricing correlations (betas). The above table indicates that in a rising interest rate environment, the Company is positioned to have increased pretax net interest income for the same asset base due to the balance sheet composition, related maturity structures, and repricing correlations to market interest rates for assets and liabilities. Conversely, in a declining interest rate environment, we are positioned to have decreased pretax net interest income for the same reasons discussed above. 
 Based on the ALM results presented above for the quarters ending December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company s balance sheet is less asset sensitive at December 31, 2022 than it previously was at December 31, 2021. This migration in asset sensitivity is due to 1) lower yielding, floating rate excess cash positions held in federal reserve bank and interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions that are more sensitive to future market interest rate changes which were deployed into higher yielding, fixed and floating rate securities and portfolio loans that are less sensitive to future market interest rate changes, and 2) the recent shifts in the shape of the yield curve between the two periods presented above. 
 In addition to rate shocks and EVE analyses, sensitivity analyses are performed to help us identify which model assumptions are critical and cause the greatest impact on pretax NII. Sensitivity analyses include changing prepayment behavior of loans and securities with optionality, repricing correlations, and the impact of interest rate changes on non-maturity deposit products (decay rates). 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 70 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 72 
 Report of Crowe LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID ), on Consolidated Financial Statements and Effectiveness of Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 118 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - (continued) 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash and Due From Banks, including Interest-Bearing Deposits of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 Securities Available-for-Sale, at Fair Value Loans Held-for-Sale Portfolio Loans Allowance for Credit Losses ) ) Portfolio Loans, net Bank Premises and Equipment, net Other Real Estate Owned, net Federal Home Loan Bank Stock, at Cost Bank Owned Life Insurance Other Assets Total Assets LIABILITIES Deposits: Noninterest-Bearing Demand Interest-Bearing Demand Money Market Savings Certificates of Deposit Total Deposits Federal Home Loan Bank Borrowings Federal Funds Purchased Other Liabilities Total Liabilities SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Common Stock, Par Value Per Share, Authorized Shares; 
 Outstanding - shares at December 31, 2022, and 
 shares at December 31, 2021 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) Total Shareholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 See accompanying notes to audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - (continued) 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) Years Ended December 31, (Dollars in Thousands except, Per Share Data) 2022 2021 2020 INTEREST INCOME Loans, including fees Taxable Non-Taxable Investment Securities Taxable Non-Taxable FRB Excess Reserves Interest on Bank Deposits Dividend Income Total Interest Income Interest Expense Interest Expense on Deposits Interest Expense on Federal Funds Purchased Interest on Other Borrowings Total Interest Expense NET INTEREST INCOME Provision for Credit Losses Provision (Recovery) for Unfunded Commitments ) Net Interest Income After Provision (Recovery) for Credit Losses NONINTEREST INCOME Gain on Sales of Securities, net Service Charges, Commissions and Fees Debit Card Interchange Fees Insurance Commissions Bank Owned Life Insurance Income Gains on Sales and Write-downs of Bank Premises, net Other Real Estate Owned Income Commercial Loan Swap Fee Income Other Total Noninterest Income NONINTEREST EXPENSE Salaries and Employee Benefits Occupancy Expense, net FDIC Insurance Expense Other Taxes Advertising Expense Telephone Expense Professional and Legal Fees Data Processing Losses on Sales and Write-downs of Other Real Estate Owned, net Losses on Sales and Write-downs of Bank Premises, net Debit Card Expense Tax Credit Amortization Unfunded Loan Commitment Expense ) Other Real Estate Owned Expense Goodwill Impairment Expense Other Total Noninterest Expense Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes ) Income Tax Provision 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - (continued) 

 Net Income (Loss) ) Earnings (Loss) per Common Share: Basic Earnings (Loss) per Common Share ) Diluted Earnings (Loss) per Common Share ) Average Shares Outstanding-Basic Average Shares Outstanding-Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - (continued) 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31, (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net Income (Loss) ) Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income: Net Unrealized (Losses) Gains on Securities Available-for-Sale: Net Unrealized (Losses) Gains Arising during the Period ) ) Reclassification Adjustment for Gains included in Net Income (Loss) ) ) ) Tax Effect ) Net Unrealized (Losses) Gains Recognized in Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) ) Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income: ) ) Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - (continued) 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Years Ended December 31, (Dollars in Thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholder's Equity Balance January 1, 2020 Net Loss ) ) Other Comprehensive Income, Net of Tax Dividends Declared per share) 
 ) ) Forfeiture of Restricted Stock shares) 
 ) Issuance of Restricted Stock shares) 
 ) Recognition of Restricted Stock Compensation Expense Balance December 31, 2020 Net Income Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax ) ) Cumulative Effect For Adoption of Credit Losses ) ) Repurchase of Common Stock shares) 
 ) ) ) Forfeiture of Restricted Stock shares) 
 ) Issuance of Restricted Stock shares) 
 ) Recognition of Restricted Stock Compensation Expense Balance December 31, 2021 Net Income Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax ) ) Repurchase of Common Stock shares) 
 ) ) ) Forfeiture of Restricted Stock shares) 
 ) ) ) Issuance of Restricted Stock shares) 
 ) Recognition of Restricted Stock Compensation Expense Balance December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - (continued) 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net Income (Loss) ) Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Provision for Credit Losses, including Provision (Recovery) for Unfunded Commitments Goodwill Impairment Origination of Loans Held-for-Sale ) ) ) Proceeds From Loans Held-for-Sale Depreciation/Amortization of Bank Premises and Equipment Provision (Benefit) for Deferred Taxes ) Net Amortization of Securities Tax Credit Amortization Gains on Sales of Loans Held-for-Sale ) ) ) Gains on Sales of Securities, net ) ) ) Write-downs of Other Real Estate Owned (Gains) Losses on Sales of Other Real Estate Owned, net ) ) (Gains) Losses on Sales and Write-downs of Bank Premises, net ) Change in Fair Market Value of Commercial Loan Swap Derivative ) ) Premiums on Branch Sales ) Increase in the Value of Life Insurance Contracts ) ) ) Recognition of Restricted Stock Compensation Expense (Increase) Decrease in Other Assets ) ) Increase (Decrease) in Other Liabilities ) ) Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Securities Available-for-Sale: Proceeds from Sales Proceeds from Maturities, Redemptions, and Pay-downs Purchases ) ) ) Purchase of Bank Premises and Equipment, Net ) ) ) Proceeds from Sales of Bank Premises and Equipment, net Net Cash Paid in Branch Sales ) Proceeds from Sale of Portfolio Loans (Purchase) Redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank Stock, net ) ) Loan (Originations) and Payments, net ) ) Other Real Estate Owned Improvements ) Proceeds from Sales and Payments of Other Real Estate Owned Net Cash Used In Investing Activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net Change in Demand, Money Markets and Savings Accounts Decrease in Certificates of Deposits ) ) ) Proceeds (Repayments) from Federal Home Loan Bank Borrowings, net ) Proceeds (Repayments) from Federal Funds Purchased, net Repurchase of Common Stock ) ) Cash Dividends Paid ) Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 
 See accompanying notes to audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - (continued) 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - (continued) 
 Years Ended December 31, (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Cash Interest Paid Cash Paid for Income Taxes Transfer from Loans to Other Real Estate Owned Loans Transferred to Held-for-Sale Transfer from Fixed Assets to Other Real Estate Owned Security (Purchases) Settled in Subsequent Period ) Right-of-use Asset Recorded in Exchange for Lease Liabilities Loans Held-for-Sale in Connection with Sale of Bank Branches Bank Premises and Equipment Held-for-Sale Deposits Held for Assumption in Connection with Sale of Bank Branches Stock Repurchases Settled in Subsequent Period ) 
 See accompanying notes to audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 
 wholly owned subsidiary, CB T Investment Company (the Investment Company ). 
 The Company was incorporated on October 7, 2020, by and at the direction of the Bank Board, for the sole purpose of acquiring the Bank and serving as the Bank s parent bank holding company pursuant to a corporate reorganization transaction (the Reorganization ). The Reorganization was completed on November 20, 2020 pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization among the Bank, the Company and CBT Merger Sub, Inc., and the Bank survived the Reorganization as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In the Reorganization, each of the outstanding shares of the Bank s common stock were converted into and exchanged for newly issued share of the Company s common stock. 
 Our market coverage is primarily in Virginia and North Carolina, including Fredericksburg, Charlottesville, Lynchburg, Roanoke, Christiansburg, Martinsville, Danville, Greensboro, Fayetteville, and Mooresville. The Company provides a full range of financial services with retail, and commercial banking products and insurance. 
 Accounting Policies: Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). In preparing the financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the dates of the balance sheets and revenues and expenses for the periods then ended. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Our significant accounting policies are described below. 

as operating results for all segments are similar. Accordingly, all of the financial service operations are considered by management to be aggregated in reportable operating segment. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

sources. First, we purchase mortgage loans on a short-term basis from a partner financial institution that have fully executed sales contracts to end investors. Second, we originate and close mortgages with fully executed contracts with investors to purchase shortly after closing. We then hold these mortgage loans from both sources until funded by the investor, typically a two-week period. Gains and losses on sales of mortgage loans held-for-sale are determined using the specific identification method and are included in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income (Loss). 
 From time to time, certain loans are transferred from the loan portfolio to loans held-for-sale, which are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. If a loan is transferred from the loan portfolio to the held-for-sale category, any write-down in the carrying amount of the loan at the date of transfer is recorded as a charge-off against the ACL. Subsequent declines in fair value are recognized as a charge to noninterest income. The remaining unamortized fees and costs are recognized as part of the cost basis of the loan at the time it is sold. Gains and losses on sales of loans held-for-sale are included in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income (Loss). 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 million to retained earnings as of January 1, 2021 for the cumulative effect of the adoption of ASU 2016-13. 
 Our CECL methodology introduced a modified discounted cash flow methodology based on expected cash flow changes in the future for the Other segment. A significant population of the Other segment was not impaired under the probable incurred loss model and therefore not subject to a collateral dependent specific reserve analysis. For the population of the Other segment that was impaired under the incurred loss model, based on collateral values, the specific reserves totaled zero. The CECL model was developed with subjective assumptions that is driven by the following key factors: prepayment speeds, timing of prepayments, loss given defaults as well as other factors including the discount rate based upon the cost of capital and ultimately the timing of future cash flows. 
 For periods prior to the adoption of the CECL standard, we recognized credit losses for loans that were collectively evaluated for impairment based on an incurred loss approach, which limited our measurement of credit losses to credit events that were estimated to have already occurred. The allowance for credit losses under the incurred loss model was a valuation allowance for probable incurred losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Management made the determination by taking into consideration historical loan loss experience, diversification of the loan portfolio, amounts of secured and unsecured loans, banking industry standards and averages, and general economic conditions. Credit losses were charged against the allowance when the loan balance was confirmed uncollectible. Subsequent recoveries, if any, were credited to the allowance. Ultimate losses varied from current estimates. The estimates were reviewed periodically and as adjustments become necessary, they were reported in earnings in the periods in which they become reasonably estimable. 
 For more details, see Note 6 - Allowance for Credit Losses, in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 million upon adoption and is disclosed in the Other segment line item. 
 Our charge-off policy for loans requires that loans and other obligations that are not collectible be promptly charged-off when the loss becomes probable, regardless of the delinquency status of the loan. The Company may elect to recognize a partial charge-off when management has determined that the value of collateral is less than the remaining investment in the loan. A loan or obligation does not need to be charged-off, regardless of delinquency status, if (i) management has determined there exists sufficient collateral to protect the remaining loan balance and (ii) there exists a strategy to liquidate the collateral. Management may also consider a number of other factors to determine when a charge-off is appropriate. These factors may include, but are not limited to: 
 The status of a bankruptcy proceeding 
 The value of collateral and probability of successful liquidation; and/or 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

Advertising expense was million, million, and million for the years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Depreciation expense is included under occupancy expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) totaling million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. to years and equipment depreciates over a to period. 
 years Furniture and Fixtures years Computer Equipment and Software years or term of license 
 Other Equipment years Vehicles years Leasehold Improvements Lesser of estimated useful life of the asset (generally years unless established otherwise) or the remaining term of the lease, including renewal options in the lease that are reasonably assured of exercise 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

, or more frequently when deemed necessary by management based upon changes in market or collateral conditions. For smaller OREO assets with existing carrying values less than million, management may elect to re-value the assets, at minimum, once every based on the size of the exposure. Operating costs after acquisition are expensed. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

. 
 million was recorded. This impairment charge represented the entire amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. This non-cash charge to earnings had no impact to the Company s regulatory capital ratios, cash flows, liquidity position, or our overall financial strength. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

79 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 80 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 million, management may elect to re-value the assets, at minimum, once every twenty-four months based on the size of the exposure. Fair value, when recorded, is generally based upon appraisals by approved, independent state certified appraisers. Appraisals on OREO may be discounted based on our historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of appraisal or other information available to us. OREO and other repossessed assets marked to fair value are classified as Level 3. At December 31, 2022 OREO assets were in compliance with the OREO policy as set forth above, and substantially all of the assets were listed for sale with credible third-party real estate brokers. 
 Financial Instruments 
 In addition to financial instruments recorded at fair value in our financial statements, fair value accounting guidance requires disclosure of the fair value of all of an entity s assets and liabilities that are considered financial instruments. The majority of our assets and liabilities are considered financial instruments. Many of these instruments lack an available trading market as characterized by a willing buyer and willing seller engaged in an exchange transaction. Also, it is our general practice and intent to hold our financial instruments to maturity and to not engage in trading or sales activities with respect to such financial instruments. For fair value disclosure purposes, we substantially utilize the fair value measurement criteria as required and explained above. In cases where quoted fair values are not available, we use present value methods to determine the fair value of our financial instruments. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 As of December 31, 2022, approximately of our loan portfolio consists of loans whose variable rate index is LIBOR. We ceased originating new LIBOR based variable rate loans as of December 31, 2021 per the ARRC s guidance. 
 
 NOTE 2 
 ) Less: Income allocated to participating shares Net Income (Loss) Allocated to Common Shareholders - Basic Diluted Denominators: Weighted Average Shares Outstanding, including Shares Considered Participating Securities Less: Average Participating Securities Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic Diluted Earnings (Loss) per Common Share-Basic ) Earnings (Loss) per Common Share-Diluted ) 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 NOTE 3 - 
 required reserves for 2022 and 2021 and averaged million for 2020. The average of required reserves declined during 2022 and 2021 as a result of the implementation of a new deposit management tool. 
 
 NOTE 4 - 
 ) U.S. Government Agency Securities ) Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities ) Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities ) Other Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities ) Asset Backed Securities ) Collateralized Mortgage Obligations ) States and Political Subdivisions ) Corporate Notes ) Total Debt Securities ) 
 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in Thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value U.S. Treasury Securities ) U.S. Government Agency Securities ) Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities ) Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities ) Other Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities ) Asset Backed Securities ) Collateralized Mortgage Obligations ) States and Political Subdivisions ) Corporate Notes ) Total Debt Securities ) 
 The Company did t have securities classified as held-to-maturity at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 Gross Realized Gains Gross Realized Losses ) ) ) Net Realized Gains Tax Impact 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Due after One Year through Five Years Due after Five Years through Ten Years Due after Ten Years Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities Other Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities Collateralized Mortgage Obligations Asset Backed Securities Total Securities 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than those securities issued by or collateralized by the U.S. Government and its Agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of shareholders equity. The carrying value of securities pledged for various regulatory and legal requirements was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 ) ) ) U.S. Government Agency Securities ) ) ) Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities ) ) ) Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities ) ) ) Other Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities ) ) ) Asset Backed Securities ) ) ) Collateralized Mortgage Obligations ) ) ) States and Political Subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate Notes ) ) ) Total Debt Securities ) ) ) 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 ) ) U.S. Government Agency Securities ) ) ) Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities ) ) ) Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities ) ) ) Other Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities ) ) Asset Backed Securities ) ) ) Collateralized Mortgage Obligations ) ) ) States and Political Subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate Notes ) ) ) Total Debt Securities ) ) ) 
 The Company adopted Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) on January 1, 2021 and did not record an ACL on its investment securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021 as the Company did t have securities classified as held-to-maturity at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. The Company regularly reviews debt securities for expected credit loss using both qualitative and quantitative criteria, as necessary, based on the composition of the portfolio at period end. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management does not intend to sell any security in an unrealized loss position and it is not more than likely that it will be required to sell any such security before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. The unrealized losses on debt securities are primarily the result of interest rate changes, credit spread fluctuations on agency-issued mortgage-related securities, general financial market uncertainty and unprecedented market volatility. These conditions should not prohibit the Company from receiving its contractual principal and interest payments on its debt securities. The fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach their maturity date or repricing date. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management believes the unrealized losses detailed in the table above are not related to credit; therefore, no ACL has been recognized on the Company s securities. Should the impairment of any of these securities become credit related, the cost basis of the investment will be reduced and the resulting loss will be recognized in net income (loss) in the period the credit related impairment is identified, while any non-credit loss will be recognized in other comprehensive (loss) income. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had no credit related net investment impairment losses. As of December 31, 2020, the Company did not identify or record any other-than-temporary impairment for any investment securities in its portfolio. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 NOTE 5 
 Commercial and Industrial Total Commercial Loans Consumer Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Total Consumer Loans Construction Other (1) 
 Total Portfolio Loans Loans Held-for-Sale Total Loans 
 (1) Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for details of the initial reclassification of our portfolio segments related to the adoption of ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments on January 1, 2021. 
 We attempt to limit our exposure to credit risk by diversifying our loan portfolio by segment, geography, collateral and industry while actively managing concentrations. When concentrations exist in certain segments, this risk is mitigated by reviewing the relevant economic indicators and internal risk rating trends of the loans in these segments. The Company established transaction, relationship and specific loan segment limits in its loan policy. Total CRE balances should not exceed the combination of of total risk-based capital and growth in excess of over the previous and construction loan balances should not exceed of total risk-based capital. Investment real estate property types and purchased loan programs have individual dollar limits that should not be exceeded in the portfolio and are based on management s risk tolerance relative to capital. In addition, there are specific limits in place for various categories of real estate loans with regards to loan-to-value ratios, loan terms, and amortization periods. We also have policy limits on loan-to-cost for construction projects. Although leverage is important, the Company is also focused on cash flow generation and uses multiple metrics to calculate a supportable loan amount. Supportable loan amounts have generally been more challenging given the increases in commodities pricing. 
 Unsecured loans pose higher risk for the Company due to the lack of a well-defined secondary source of repayment. Commercial unsecured loans are reserved for the best quality customers with well-established businesses that operate with low financial and operating leverage. The repayment capacity of the borrower should exceed the policy and guidelines for secured loans. The Company significantly increased the standards for consumer unsecured lending by adjusting upward the required qualifying Fair Isaac Corporation FICO scores and restricting loan amounts at lower FICO scores. 
 In connection with our adoption of Topic 326, we made changes to our loan portfolio segments to align with the methodology applied in determining the allowance under CECL. Our new segmentation breaks out Other loans from our original loan segments: CRE, commercial industrial C I ), Construction and Residential Mortgages. At January 1, 2021 related to the adoption of Topic 326, the initial break-out of other loans totaled million consisting of loans that would otherwise have been included in the following loan segments: million of CRE, million of C I, million of Residential Mortgages and million of Construction. This segment of loans includes unique risk attributes considered inconsistent with current underwriting standards. 
 Commercial and Industrial Residential Mortgages Construction Other 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Discounts on purchased 1-4 family loans included in the portfolio balances above were thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company had mortgage loans held-for-sale as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. 
 Loan Restructurings 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company adopted the accounting guidance in ASU No. 2022-02, effective as of January 1, 2022, which eliminates the recognition and measurement of a TDR. Due to the removal of the TDR designation, the Company evaluates all loan restructurings according to the accounting guidance for loan modifications to determine if the restructuring results in a new loan or a continuation of the existing loan. Loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that result in a direct change in the timing or amount of contractual cash flows include situations where there is principal forgiveness, interest rate reductions, other-than-insignificant payment delays, term extensions, and combinations of the listed modifications. Therefore, the disclosures related to loan restructurings are only for modifications that directly affect cash flows. 
 A loan that is considered a restructured loan may be subject to the individually evaluated loan analysis if the commitment is million or greater; otherwise, the restructured loan remains in the appropriate segment in the ACL model and associated reserves are adjusted based on changes in the discounted cash flows resulting from the modification of the restructured loan. For a discussion with respect to reserve calculations regarding individually evaluated loans refer to the Nonrecurring Loans section in Note 7, Fair Value Measurements, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Commercial and Industrial Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Construction Other Total Accruing Restructured Loans Nonaccrual Restructured Loans Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Construction Other Total Nonaccrual Restructured Loans Total Restructured Loans 
 (1) Excludes accrued interest receivable of thousand on restructured loans for the year ended 2022. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

Commercial and Industrial Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Construction Other Total Accruing Restructured Loans Nonaccrual Restructured Loans Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Construction Other Total Nonaccrual Restructured Loans Total Restructured Loans (1) 
 
 (1) Excludes accrued interest receivable of thousand at December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had no commitments to lend any additional funds on restructured loans. As of December 31, 2022 the Bank had no loans that defaulted during the period and had been modified preceding the payment default when the borrower was experiencing financial difficulty at the time of modification. For purposes of this disclosure, a default occurs when, within 12 months of the original modification, either a full or partial charge-off occurs or the loan becomes 90 days or more past due. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had thousand and thousand, respectively, of residential real estate in the process of foreclosure. We also had thousand at December 31, 2022 and thousand at December 31, 2021 in residential real estate included in OREO. 
 Principal Additions Repayments ) Balance at End of Year 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 NOTE 6 - 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 large loan relationships LLRs ), which are defined as any individual commercial loan or aggregate commercial relationship totaling million or more; 
 A sampling of small LLRs, which are defined as individual commercial loans or relationships with aggregate exposure of million or more but not included in the top twenty LLRs; 
 A sampling review of Credit Risk Committee modifications, including new and existing loans to provide perspective on the appropriateness of the modification in relation to established policies and procedures; 
 A sampling review of non-organic commercial loans and those commercial loans approved outside of the Credit Risk Committee; and 
 Focus reviews of office and land development to evaluate segment risk rather than individual loan risk. Focus reviews are performed annually on a rotational basis. 
 The Company s internally assigned grades are as follows: 
 Pass The Company uses six grades of pass, including its watch rating. Generally, a pass rating indicates that the loan is currently performing and is of high quality. 
 Special Mention Assets with potential weaknesses that warrant management s close attention and if left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the institution s credit position at some future date. 
 Substandard Assets that are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the collateral pledged, if any. Assets so classified have a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses that jeopardize the 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 91 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial Real Estate YTD Gross Charge-offs Commercial and Industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial and Industrial YTD Gross Charge-offs Residential Mortgages Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Residential Mortgages YTD Gross Charge-offs Other Consumer Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Other Consumer YTD Gross Charge-offs Construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Construction YTD Gross Charge-offs Other Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Other Loans YTD Gross Charge-offs Total Portfolio Loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Portfolio Loans Current YTD Period: YTD Gross Charge-offs 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial Real Estate YTD Gross Charge-offs Commercial and Industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial and Industrial YTD Gross Charge-offs Residential Mortgages Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Residential Mortgages YTD Gross Charge-offs Other Consumer Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Other Consumer YTD Gross Charge-offs Construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Construction YTD Gross Charge-offs Other Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Other Loans YTD Gross Charge-offs Total Portfolio Loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Portfolio Loans Current YTD Period: YTD Gross Charge-offs 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 million to million compared to million at December 31, 2021, with an increase of million in special mention and a decrease of million in substandard. The largest variance in special mention was related to a CRE project totaling million that was downgraded and yet to be stabilized offset by the payment in full on CRE projects totaling million and an upgraded credit to pass status in the amount of million. In addition to CRE, the Company downgraded a syndicated C I loan totaling million. The decrease in substandard loans primarily related to the Other loan segment due to principal paydowns during 2022. 
 Nonperforming Total Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Performing Nonperforming Total Commercial and Industrial Residential Mortgages Performing Nonperforming Total Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Performing Nonperforming Total Other Consumer Construction Performing Nonperforming Total Construction Other Performing Nonperforming Total Other Loans Total Portfolio Loans Performing Nonperforming Total Portfolio Loans 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Nonperforming Total Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Performing Nonperforming Total Commercial and Industrial Residential Mortgages Performing Nonperforming Total Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Performing Nonperforming Total Other Consumer Construction Performing Nonperforming Total Construction Other Performing Nonperforming Total Other Loans Total Portfolio Loans Performing Nonperforming Total Portfolio Loans 
 Age Analysis of Past-Due Loans by Class 
 Commercial Industrial Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Construction Other Total 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Commercial Industrial Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Construction Other Total 
 Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing were at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Loans past due 90 days are automatically transferred to nonaccrual status. Loans past due 30 to 89 days or more and still accruing increased million to million at December 31, 2022 compared to million at December 31, 2021, primarily in the construction segment due to relationships with an aggregate principal balance of million. 
 There were nonaccrual or past due loans related to loans held-for-sale as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Commercial and Industrial Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Construction Other Total Portfolio Loans 
 As of and for the December 31, 2021 (Dollars in Thousands) Beginning of Period Nonaccrual End of Period Nonaccrual Nonaccrual With No Related Allowance Past Due 90+ Days Still Accruing Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Construction Other Total Portfolio Loans 
 A loan is considered nonperforming when we transfer the loan to nonaccrual status. A loan is considered nonaccrual when the loan is 90 days or more delinquent. It is also possible that management will transfer a loan to nonaccrual before it is 90 days past due under certain circumstances if there is a probability that we will not collect all principal and interest due under the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Loans experiencing financial difficulty that are considered restructured loans and nonaccrual loans with a commitment of million or more are individually evaluated for potential credit losses. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, no material amount of interest income was recognized on nonperforming loans subsequent to their classification as nonperforming loans. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Commercial and Industrial Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Construction Other Total 
 Construction Residential Mortgages Loans with a Specific Valuation Allowance: Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Construction Total by Category: Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Construction Residential Mortgages Total Impaired Loans 
 
 Provision (Recovery) for Credit Losses on Loans ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (Charge-offs) / Recoveries ) ) ) Balance, End of Year 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Impact of CECL Adoption ) ) (Recovery) Provision for Credit Losses on Loans ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (Charge-offs) / Recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance, End of Year 
 (1) In connection with our adoption of Topic 326, we made changes to our loan portfolio segments to align with the methodology applied in determining the allowance under CECL. Our new segmentation breaks out Other loans from our original loan segments: CRE, C I, residential mortgages and construction. The allowance balance at the beginning of period was reclassified to Other from their original loan segments: CRE, C I, residential mortgages and construction to conform to current presentation. 
 December 31, 2020 (Dollars in Thousands) Commercial Real Estate Commercial Industrial Residential Mortgages Other Consumer Construction Total Balance, Beginning of Year Provision for Loan Losses Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net Recoveries / (Charge-offs) ) ) ) ) Balance, End of Year 
 The adoption of Topic 326 resulted in an increase to our ACL of million on January 1, 2021. The Day 1 model introduced a segmented pool of loans for discrete analysis. This segmented pool had an aggregate principal balance of million at January 1, 2021, the initial break-out, and included unique risk attributes considered inconsistent with current underwriting standards. The analysis applied to this pool resulted in expected credit losses of million, at adoption. 
 Our CECL methodology introduced a modified discounted cash flow methodology based on expected cash flow changes in the future for the Other segment. A significant population of the Other segment was not impaired under the probable incurred loss model and therefore not subject to a collateral dependent specific reserve analysis. For the population of the Other segment that was impaired under the incurred loss model, based on collateral values, the specific reserves totaled . Certain portions of the CECL model are inherently subjective and include, but are not limited to, estimates with respect to: prepayment speeds, the timing of prepayments, potential losses given default, discount rates and the timing of future cash flows. Management utilizes widely published economic forecasts as the basis for the regression analysis used to estimate the probability of default in the baseline model. The peaks and troughs of these forecasts serve as guardrails for potential subjective adjustments. In addition to considering the outcomes based on the range of forecasts, management recognizes that the assumptions used in economic forecasts may not perfectly align with our market area, risk profile or unique attributes of our portfolio along with other important considerations. Severe changes in forecasts can also create significant variability and management must assess not only the absolute balance of reserves but also consider the appropriateness of the velocity of change. Therefore, management developed a framework to assess the tolerance and reasonableness of the CECL modeling process by challenging certain elements of the forecasts, when appropriate. These outcomes, known as challenger models, provide opportunities to examine and subjectively adjust the CECL model output and are designed to be counter cyclical, thereby reducing variability. An expected credit loss of million upon adoption was established based on the discounted cash flow method with a discount rate, which was quantitatively adjusted. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 NOTE 7 - 
 U.S. Government Agency Securities Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities Other Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities Asset Backed Securities Collateralized Mortgage Obligations States and Political Subdivisions Corporate Notes Total Securities Available-for-Sale Derivatives Total Liabilities Derivatives Total 
 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in Thousands) Carrying Value Quoted Prices In Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets Securities Available-for-Sale: U.S. Treasury Securities U.S. Government Agency Securities Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities Other Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities Asset Backed Securities Collateralized Mortgage Obligations States and Political Subdivisions Corporate Notes Total Securities Available-for-Sale Derivatives Total Liabilities Derivatives Total 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 securities totaling million that are considered to be Level 3 securities at December 31, 2022 and totaling million at December 31, 2021. The change in the fair value of Level 3 securities available-for-sale from million at December 31, 2021 to million at December 31, 2022 is attributable to the calculated change in fair value of million. The Level 3 fair value is benchmarked to other securities that have observable market values in Level 2 using comparable financial ratio analysis specific to the industry in which the underlying company operates. The underwriting includes considerations of capital adequacy, asset quality trends, management s ability to continue efficient and profitable operations, the institution s core earnings ability, liquidity management platform and current on and off-balance sheet interest rate risk exposures. 
 Individually Evaluated Loans 
 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in Thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Fair Value OREO Individually Evaluated Loans 
 Individually evaluated loans had a net carrying amount of million at December 31, 2022, including a valuation allowance of million. Individually evaluated loans had a net carrying amount of million at December 31, 2021, including a valuation allowance of million. 
 OREO, which is measured at the lower of carrying or fair value less costs to sell, had a net carrying amount of million as of December 31, 2022, compared with million at December 31, 2021, primarily due to sale and payments. Write-downs of million were recorded on OREO for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Discounted Internal Valuations Management's Discount Estimated Selling Costs Individually Evaluated Loans Discounted Appraisals Estimated Selling Costs Total Individually Evaluated Loans OREO Appraisals Estimated Selling Costs OREO Internal Valuations Estimated Selling Costs OREO Discounted Internal Valuations Management's Discount Estimated Selling Costs Total OREO 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Discounted Appraisals Management's Discount Estimated Selling Costs Total Individually Evaluated Loans OREO Appraisals Estimated Selling Costs OREO Internal Valuations Estimated Selling Costs OREO Discounted Internal Valuations Management s Discount Estimated Selling Costs Total OREO 
 A baseline discount rate has been established for impairment measurement. This baseline discount rate was back tested against historical OREO sales and therefore represents an average recovery rate based on the transaction sizes and asset types in the population examined. Management considers the unique attributes and characteristics of each specific individually evaluated loan and may use judgement to adjust the baseline discount rate when appropriate. 
 The carrying values and estimated fair values of our financial instruments at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are presented in the following tables. Fair values for December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are estimated under the exit price notion in accordance with ASU 2016-01, Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. 
 Securities Available-for-Sale Portfolio Loans, net Federal Home Loan Bank Stock, at Cost NA NA Other Assets- Interest Rate Derivatives Accrued Interest Receivable Financial Liabilities: Deposits Other Liabilities- Interest Rate Derivatives FHLB Borrowings Federal Funds Purchased Accrued Interest Payable 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Securities Available-for-Sale Loans Held-for-Sale Portfolio Loans, net Federal Home Loan Bank Stock, at Cost NA NA Other Assets- Interest Rate Derivatives Accrued Interest Receivable Financial Liabilities: Deposits Other Liabilities- Interest Rate Derivatives FHLB Borrowings Accrued Interest Payable 
 
 NOTE 8 - 
 Bank Premises Furniture and Equipment Leasehold Improvements Total Premises and Equipment Accumulated Depreciation ) ) Total 
 At both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had bank premises and equipment held-for-sale. 
 Depreciation expense is included under occupancy expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) totaling million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 Real estate on closed branches was valued based on recent comparative market values received from a real estate broker. Write-downs in the amount of million, million and million were recognized during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These write-downs on closed branches are included in losses and write-downs on OREO, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). The net remaining carrying value of million and million is classified as held-for-sale in OREO in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company leases offices from non-related parties under various terms, some of which contain contingent rentals tied to a price index. Rental expense for these leases was thousand in 2022, thousand in 2021, and thousand for 2020. 
 The Company currently has depository locations, a loan production office, a commercial banking office and another office housing various Bank functions under lease contracts. We have included million and million in right-of-use assets in other assets on its Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has included million and million in lease liabilities in other liabilities on its Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 NOTE 9 - 
 Loans Transferred to OREO Transfer of Closed Retail Offices to OREO Capitalized Expenditures Direct Write-Downs ) ) ) Cash Proceeds from Pay-downs ) ) ) Sales of OREO ) ) ) End of Year Balance 
 At December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the balance of OREO includes million, million, and million, respectively, of foreclosed properties recorded as a result of obtaining physical possession of the asset. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the recorded investment of foreclosed residential real estate was thousand and thousand, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the recorded investment of consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceeds are in process is thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 Operating Expenses, net of Rental Income Net (Gain) Loss on Sales ) ) OREO Expense 
 
 NOTE 10 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Interest Rate Swap Contracts Commercial Loans Total Derivatives not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 Fair Values of Derivative Instruments Liability Derivatives (Included in Other Liabilities) (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 Number of Transactions Notional Amount Fair Value Number of Transactions Notional Amount Fair Value Derivatives not Designated as Hedging Instruments Forward Sale Contracts Mortgage Loans Interest Rate Swap Contracts Commercial Loans Total Derivatives not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 ) Forward Sale Contracts Mortgage Loans ) Interest Rate Swap Contracts Commercial Loans ) Total Derivative Income (Loss) ) 
 Presenting offsetting derivatives that are subject to legally enforceable netting arrangements with the same party is permitted. For example, we may have a derivative asset and a derivative liability with the same counterparty to a swap transaction and are permitted to offset the asset position and the liability position resulting in a net presentation. 
 Gross Amounts Offset Net Amounts Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts Not Offset (1) 
 ) Net Amount ) 
 (1) Amounts represent collateral posted for the periods presented. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 NOTE 11 
 Interest-Bearing Demand Money Market Savings Certificates of Deposits Total 
 All depos i t accounts are i nsured by the FDIC u p to the maximum amount allowed by l aw. The Dodd-Frank Act , signed into law on July 2 1 , 2010, makes permanent the 250,000 limit for federal deposit insurance and the coverage limit applies per depositor, per insured depository institution for each account ownership. Time deposits that exceed the FDIC Insurance limit of 250,000 at year-end 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Overdrafts reclassified to loans were million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 Total deposit dollars from executive officers, directors, and their related interests at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were million and million. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 million FHLB borrowings at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. FHLB borrowings are fixed rate advances for various terms and are secured by a blanket lien on select residential mortgages, select multifamily loans, and select commercial real estate loans. Total loans pledged as collateral were billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. There were securities available-for-sale pledged as collateral at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company continues to methodically pledge additional eligible loans and had continued progress in additional pledging throughout the year. The Company is eligible to borrow up to an additional million based upon current qualifying collateral and has a maximum borrowing capacity of approximately billion, or of the Company s assets, as of December 31, 2022. The Company had the capacity to borrow up to an additional million from the FHLB at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company had million in overnight federal funds purchased at December 31, 2022. There were outstanding overnight federal funds purchased at December 31, 2021. The available borrowing capacity under unsecured lines of credit with corresponding banks was million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Weighted Average Interest Rate Interest Expense 
 The following table represents the balance of federal funds purchased, the weighted average interest rate, and interest expense for the years ended December 31 : 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Federal Funds Purchased Weighted Average Interest Rate Interest Expense 
 During the year ending December 31, 2021 the Company repaid FHLB advances totaling million with a weighted average cost to borrow of . FHLB advance totaling million was repaid at maturity in the fourth quarter of 2021. The remaining FHLB advances totaling million were repaid ahead of their scheduled maturity date and had unamortized prepayment fees related to the early repayment of the borrowings totaling thousand at December 31, 2021. The FHLB borrowing of million was prepaid in January 2022 outside of its scheduled maturity and had unamortized prepayment fees related to the early repayment of the borrowing of thousand. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total FHLB Borrowings 
 
 NOTE 13 - 
 and have reached the age of twenty years and six months. Vesting for the non-elective profit sharing contribution is based on years of service to the Company, with a year being any year an employee works a minimum of hours. 
 2 Years of Service Vested 3 Years of Service Vested 4 Years of Service Vested 5 Years of Service Vested 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 vested after five ) years of service. The non-elective contribution to the plan is determined each year by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board and thus may fluctuate in amount from year to year. The contribution by the Company, which includes contributions to the nonqualified plan discussed below, was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. These amounts are included in salaries and employee benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). 
 Beginning in 2020, our integrated profit sharing plan includes a Company match based upon an associate s elective deferral. This elective deferral is subject to dollar limits announced annually by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ). Elective deferrals are matched equal to of the first deferred and of the next , producing a maximum match. Expense for this deferral match was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Bank entered into a Nonqualified Profit Sharing Plan originally on December 30, 1996, which was subsequently amended and restated effective December 20, 2007. The purpose of the Nonqualified Profit Sharing Plan was to provide additional benefits to be paid to the executive upon the occurrence of a Distributable Event, which is either termination or death. The board of directors of the Bank (the Bank Board approved the amended plan on December 20, 2007. Since its inception, the Bank s former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer was the only executive who participated in the Nonqualified Profit Sharing Plan. In April 2017, a Distributable Event occurred, in which distributions will occur over quarterly payments. The value of the plan was million as of December 31, 2022, and was solely comprised of cash. The quarterly distributions began on January 1, 2018 and will continue to be paid out in equal quarterly installments approximating thousand. 
 On December 15, 2020, the Bank adopted an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan, called the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, to provide (i) certain key executives of the Bank (beginning after the date of adoption) the opportunity to defer to a later year on a pre-tax basis certain compensation without being subject to the dollar limits that apply to these associates under the Bank s tax-qualified integrated profit-sharing plan and (ii) the Bank s non-employee directors (beginning in January 2022) the opportunity to defer to a later year on a pre-tax basis certain director fees. The compensation and fees (and related earnings) deferred under this plan are held in a grantor trust until paid to the participants and remain subject to the claims of the creditors of the Bank and Company until paid to the participants. The balance in the nonqualified deferred compensation plan at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 14 
 shares of common stock for issuance and provides for the grant to key associates and non-employee directors of the Company and its subsidiaries of awards that may include one or more of the following: stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, performance units and performance cash awards (collectively, the awards ). Subject to accelerated vesting under certain circumstances, the Plan requires a minimum vesting period of for awards subject to time-based conditions and a minimum performance period of for awards subject to achievement or satisfaction of performance goals. These minimums are applicable to awards other than those granted as part of a retainer for the service of non-employee directors. The Committee will determine the vesting period on the awards. No awards may be granted under the Plan more than from the effective date of the Plan. As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were available for issuance under the Plan. For purposes of this Note 14, references to the Company mean the Bank with respect to actions prior to the Reorganization. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 shares of restricted stock were outstanding under the Plan. 
 The Company granted and shares of restricted stock to key associates under the Plan during 2022 and 2021, respectively. These grants were approved by the Committee as compensation for substantial contributions to the Company s performance. The time-based shares of restricted stock fully vest on the fifth anniversary of the grant date for awards granted prior to 2023 and beginning with awards granted in 2023 vest in one-third annual installments over after the grant date. The closing price of our stock was used to determine the fair value on the date of the grant. 
 The Company granted and shares of restricted stock to non-employee directors under the Plan during 2022 and 2021, respectively. These grants were approved by the Committee as compensation for Board service. The time-based shares of restricted stock granted in 2022 and 2021 fully vest after the grant date. The closing price of our stock was used to determine the fair value on the date of the grant. 
 If any award granted under the Plan terminates, expires, or lapses for any reason other than by virtue of exercise or settlement of the award, or if shares issued pursuant to awards are forfeited, any stock subject to such award again shall be available for future awards under the Plan. 
 Compensation expense for restricted stock is recognized ratably over the period of service, generally the entire vesting period, based on fair value on the grant date. The Company recognized compensation expense of million, million and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to restricted stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was million and million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock that will be recognized as compensation expense over a weighted average period of years and years, respectively. 
 Granted Forfeited/Vested ) Non-vested at December 31, 2021 Granted Forfeited/Vested ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 Performance Units 
 The Company periodically issues performance units to executive officers pursuant to the Plan. As of December 31, 2022, target amount of performance units were outstanding under the Plan. 
 The Company granted target amount of performance units in aggregate to executive officers under the Plan during 2022. The closing price of our stock, , was used to determine the fair value on the date of the grant. These grants were approved by the Committee as compensation for substantial contributions to the Company s performance. 
 The performance units can be earned up to a maximum of of the target amount. They are subject to a three-year performance period and, if the performance criteria are met, will vest on the payment date which is within 70 days following the end of the performance period. The payout for the performance units will be determined based on three weighted performance based goals: (1) the Company's return on average assets ROAA performance during the performance period compared to its selected peer group, (2) the Company's core efficiency ratio during the performance period compared to its selected peer group, 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 million for 2022 related to performance units. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost at target related to performance units that potentially could be recognized as compensation expense over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 NOTE 15 - 
 Deferred ) Income Tax Provision 
 ) State Income Tax, net of Federal Benefit ) Tax-exempt Interest, net of Disallowance ) ) ) ) ) Federal Tax Credits, net of Basis Reduction ) ) ) ) ) Change in Valuation Allowance ) ) ) ) ) Income from Bank Owned Life Insurance ) ) ) ) ) Goodwill Impairment ) Other ) Income Tax Provision and Effective Income Tax Rate ) 
 The provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before taxes. The Company ordinarily generates an annual effective tax rate that is less than the statutory rate of 21 due to benefits resulting from tax-exempt interest, tax-exempt income from bank owned life insurance, and tax benefits resulting from certain partnership investments. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Net Unrealized Loss on Available-for-sale Securities Valuation Adjustments on Other Real Estate Owned Tax Credit Carryforwards Equity Investment in Partnerships Accrued Interest on Nonaccrual Loans Operating Lease Liabilities Other Gross Deferred Tax Assets Less: Valuation Allowance ) Total Deferred Tax Assets 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 2022 2021 Deferred Tax Liabilities Fixed Asset Depreciation ) ) Acquisition-Related Fair Value Adjustments ) ) Deferred Loan Income ) ) Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets ) ) Equity Investment in Partnerships ) Net Unrealized Gain on Available-for-Sale Securities ) Other ) ) Total Deferred Tax Liabilities ) ) Net Deferred Tax Assets 
 Management assesses all available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income of the appropriate character will be generated to utilize existing deferred tax assets. On the basis of this evaluation, as of December 31, 2022, management has determined that no valuation allowance is necessary, as it is more likely than not that all deferred tax assets will be realized in future periods through future taxable income and future reversals of existing temporary differences. As of December 31, 2021, a valuation allowance was recorded on deferred tax assets related to equity investments in partnerships that generate capital losses upon exiting the investments for which a prudent and feasible strategy to generate capital gains was not identified. The partnerships on which the valuation allowance was based at December 31, 2021, were exited in 2022 and all capital losses generated upon exit were realized through carry back to prior tax years. The Company had federal tax credit carryforwards at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The federal tax credits at December 31, 2021 consisted mainly of new market credits and historic rehabilitation credits. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no ASC 740-10 unrecognized tax benefits or accrued interest and penalties recorded. The Company does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase within the next twelve months. The Company recognizes interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 
 The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax, as well as, various taxation of other state and local jurisdictions. The Company is generally no longer subject to examination by federal, state and local taxing authorities for years prior to December 31, 2019. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 NOTE 16) ) Reclassification Adjustment for Gains included in Net Income ) ) Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) 2021 Net Unrealized Losses Arising during the Period ) ) Reclassification Adjustment for Gains included in Net Income ) ) Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) 2020 Net Unrealized Gains Arising during the Period ) Reclassification Adjustment for Gains included in Net Loss ) ) Other Comprehensive Income ) 
 
 NOTE 17 
 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, represent agreements to lend to customers with fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. The Company provides lines of credit to our clients to finance the completion of construction projects and revolving lines of credit to operating companies to finance their working capital needs. Lines of credit for construction projects represented million, or , and million, or , of the commitments to extend credit at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company guaranteeing the performance of a customer to a third-party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The Company had outstanding letters of credit totaling million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 Our exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and unconditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. Unless noted otherwise, collateral or other security is required to support financial instruments with credit risk. 
 Life-of-Loss Reserve on Unfunded Loan Commitments 
 We maintain a life-of-loss reserve on unfunded commercial lending commitments and letters of credit to provide for the risk of loss inherent in these arrangements. The life-of-loss reserve is computed using a methodology similar to that used to determine the ACL for loans, modified to take into account the probability of a draw-down on the commitment. The life-of-loan reserve for unfunded commitments is included in other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Impact of Adopting ASU 2016-13 Balance after Adoption of ASU 2016-13 Provision (Recovery) for Unfunded Commitments ) Balance at end of period 
 Amounts are added or subtracted to the provision (recovery) for unfunded commitments through a charge or credit to current earnings in the provision (recovery) for unfunded commitments. An expense of million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 for the provision (recovery) for unfunded commitments, which resulted in an increase of million compared to a recovery of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Litigation 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to various legal and administrative proceedings and claims. Legal and administrative proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings could occur, and the timing and outcome of any legal or administrative proceeding cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 
 NOTE 18 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 Other Fees and Other Income At a point in time Debit Card Interchange Fees At a point in time Commercial Loan Swap Fee Income At a point in time Insurance Customer Commissions At a point in time Annual Commission on Investment Over time Special Production Payout Over time Other Real Estate Owned Income At a point in time Gains on Sales and Write-downs of Bank Premises, net At a point in time Gains (Losses) on Sale of Other Real Estate Owned At a point in time Total In-Scope Revenue Streams Out of Scope Revenue Streams Gain on Sales of Securities, net Bank Owned Life Insurance Income Other Total Noninterest Income 
 Reported net with Losses on Sales and Write-downs of Other Real Owned in Noninterest Expense 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 NOTE 19 
 Investment in Bank Subsidiary Other Assets Total Assets LIABILITIES Other Liabilities Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 Total Expenses ) ) ) Income Before Income Tax Benefit and Undistributed Net Income (Loss) of Bank Subsidiary Income Tax Benefit ) ) Income Before Undistributed Net Income (Loss) of Bank Subsidiary Equity in Undistributed Net Income (Loss) of Bank Subsidiary ) Net Income (Loss) ) Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) ) 
 ) Equity in Undistributed Net (Income) Loss of Bank Subsidiary ) ) Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Stock Compensation Expense Increase in Other Assets ) ) Decrease in Other Liabilities ) (Decrease) Increase in Intercompany Liability ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Equity Investment in Non-Subsidiary, net of distributions ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Repurchase of Common Stock ) ) Net Cash Used In Financing Activities ) ) Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash ) Cash at Beginning of Year Cash at End of Year 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 NOTE 20 - 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 NA NA Carter Bank Trust Common Equity Tier 1 (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Carter Bankshares, Inc. NA NA Carter Bank Trust Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Carter Bankshares, Inc. NA NA Carter Bank Trust Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Carter Bankshares, Inc. NA NA Carter Bank Trust As of December 31, 2021 Leverage Ratio Carter Bankshares, Inc. NA NA Carter Bank Trust Common Equity Tier 1 (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Carter Bankshares, Inc. NA NA Carter Bank Trust Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Carter Bankshares, Inc. NA NA Carter Bank Trust Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) Carter Bankshares, Inc. NA NA Carter Bank Trust 
 The Company was incorporated on October 7, 2020 in connection with the Reorganization. The Reorganization was completed on November 20, 2020 pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization among the Bank, the Company and CBT Merger Sub, Inc., and the Bank survived the Reorganization as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In the Reorganization, each of the outstanding shares of the Bank s common stock was converted into and exchanged for newly issued share of the Company s common stock. 
 In December 2018, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, (the OCC ), the FRB, and the FDIC, approved a final rule to address changes to credit loss accounting under GAAP, including banking organizations implementation of CECL. The final rule provides banking organizations the option to phase in over a three-year period the Day 1 adverse effects on regulatory capital that may result from the adoption of the new accounting standard. On March 27, 2020, the regulators issued interim final rule IFR ), Regulatory Capital Rule: Revised Transition of the Current Expected Credit Losses Methodology for Allowances in response to the disrupted economic activity from the spread of COVID-19. The IFR maintains the three-year transition option in the previous rule and provides banks the option to delay for two years an estimate of CECL s effect on regulatory capital, relative to the incurred loss methodology s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period (five-year transition option). We adopted CECL effective January 1, 2021 and elected to implement the capital transition relief over the permissible three-year period. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (continued) 

 NOTE 21 - 
 Total Interest Expense Net Interest Income Provision (Recovery) for Credit Losses ) (Recovery) Provision for Unfunded Commitments ) Net Interest Income after Provision (Recovery) for Credit Losses Total Noninterest Income Total Noninterest Expense Income Before Income Taxes Income Tax Provision Net Income Earnings Per Common Share 
 2021 (Dollars in Thousands) First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Total Interest Income Total Interest Expense Net Interest Income Provision (Recovery) for Credit Losses ) Recovery for Unfunded Commitments ) ) ) ) Net Interest Income after Provision (Recovery) for Credit Losses Total Noninterest Income Total Noninterest Expense Income Before Income Taxes Income Tax Provision Net Income Earnings Per Common Share 
 2020 (Dollars in Thousands) First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Total Interest Income Total Interest Expense Net Interest Income Provision for Credit Losses Net Interest Income after Provision for Credit Losses Total Noninterest Income Total Noninterest Expense Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes ) Income Tax Provision (Benefit) ) Net Income (Loss) ) Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share 
 117 

Table of Contents 

Independent Member Crowe Global 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Carter Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Martinsville, VA 

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Carter Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive (loss) income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for credit losses effective January 1, 2021 due to the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification No. 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (ASC 326). The Company adopted the new credit loss standard using the modified retrospective method such that prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Allowance for Credit Losses Other Pool 
 
 The Company s methodology for estimating the allowance for credit losses includes segmentation, quantitative analysis, and qualitative analysis. The Company s loan portfolio is segmented by homogeneous loan types that behave similarly to economic cycles. Further, management elected to evaluate certain loans based on shared but unique risk attributes by segmenting into the Other pool. The loans included in the Other pool of the model were underwritten and approved based on standards that are inconsistent with the Company s current underwriting standards. The allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 was 93.9 million with 54.7 million, or 58 , being attributed to the Other pool. 

119 

Table of Contents 

 The model for the Other pool was developed with subjective assumptions that may cause volatility driven by the following key factors: prepayment speeds, timing of contractual payments, discount rate, as well as other factors. The discount rate is reflective of the inherent risk in the Other pool. A substantial change in these assumptions could cause a significant impact to the model causing volatility. Management reviews the model output for appropriateness and subjectively makes adjustments as needed. 
 
 We identified the allowance for credit losses Other pool as a critical audit matter because of the extent of auditor judgment applied and significant audit effort to evaluate the significant subjective and complex judgments made by management in the development of the estimate. 
 
 The primary procedures performed to address this critical audit matter include: 
 
 Testing the effectiveness of internal controls over: 
 
 The Company s affirmation of the key assumptions used in the model, including the discount rate and qualitative adjustments 
 The completeness and accuracy of data used in the model 
 
 Substantively testing management s estimate, which included: 
 
 Assessing the reasonableness of management s selection of discount rate and qualitative adjustments 
 Evaluating the mathematical accuracy of the discounted cash flow model used for the Other pool, including evaluating the completeness and accuracy of loan data used in the model 

/s/ Crowe LLP We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019. March 10, 2023 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO (its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), management has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our CEO and CFO as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based on and as of the date of such evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in all material respects, as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by or under the supervision of, our CEO and CFO to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. A Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of specific controls or internal control over financial reporting overall to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Based on this assessment, management concludes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s system of internal control over financial reporting is effective and meets the criteria of the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Crowe LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued a report on the effectiveness of Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No other changes were made to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Except as set forth below, the information required by Part III, Item 10 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein from the sections entitled Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Proposal 1 -- Election of Directors, Independence and Committee Memberships, Executive Officers of the Registrant, and "Corporate Governance - Meetings and Committee of the Board of Directors" in our proxy statement relating to our May 24, 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 Code of Ethics 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct (the Code that applies to its directors, executive officers and associates and is available on the Company s website at www.CBTCares.com under Investor Corporate Information Governance Documents. The Company intends to provide any required disclosure of any amendment to or waiver of the Code that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, on www.CBTCares.com under Investor Corporate Information Governance Documents promptly following the amendment or waiver. The information contained on or connected to the Company s website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report or document that we file or furnish to the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Part III, Item 11 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein from the sections entitled Executive Compensation and Director Compensation in our proxy statement relating to our May 24, 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Except as set forth below, the information required by Part III, Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein from the sections entitled Principal Beneficial Owners of Carter Bankshares, Inc. Common Stock and Beneficial Ownership of Carter Bankshares, Inc. Common Stock by Directors and Officers in our proxy statement relating to our May 24, 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides summary information as of December 31, 2022 related to the Carter Bankshares, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Equity Plan, the only equity compensation plan under which the Company s securities are authorized for issuance. 
 (a) (b) (c) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights (1) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plan (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plan approved by shareholders 30,630 (2) 1,642,899 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders Total 30,630 1,642,899 
 (1) The weighted average exercise price does not take into account the outstanding performance unit awards noted in footnote (2) of this table. Performance unit awards do not have an exercise price and are delivered without any payment by the award recipient. 
 (2) The amount shown reflects the maximum number of shares that may be issued under outstanding performance units if maximum performance goals are achieved. However, the actual number of shares issued under the performance units will depend on the level of performance achieved during a three-year performance period. The award recipient may receive less than the maximum number of shares under the outstanding performance units and may receive no payout under the outstanding performance units. 

123 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Part III, Item 13 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein from the sections entitled Related Person Transactions and Corporate Governance -- Director Independence in our proxy statement relating to our May 24, 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Part III, Item 14 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein from the section entitled Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our proxy statement relating to our May 24, 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference and found where noted below . 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: The following Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. No financial statement schedules are being filed because the required information is inapplicable or is presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements or related notes. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 70 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 72 
 Report of Crowe LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, on Consolidated Financial Statements and Effectiveness of Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 118 
 
 (b) Exhibits 
 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among Carter Bank Trust, Carter Bankshares, Inc. and CBT Merger Sub, Inc., dated November 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2020) 
 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of Carter Bankshares, Inc., effective October 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2020) 
 3.2 
 Bylaws of Carter Bankshares, Inc., as adopted October 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2020) 
 4.1 
 Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2020) 
 10.1 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated and effective as of November 20, 2020, by and between Carter Bankshares, Inc., Carter Bank Trust and Wendy S. Bell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021 
 10.2 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated and effective as of November 20, 2020, by and between Carter Bankshares, Inc., Carter Bank Trust and Litz Van Dyke (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (continued) 

 10.3 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated and effective as of November 20, 2020, by and between Carter Bankshares, Inc., Carter Bank Trust and Phyllis Q. Karavatakis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021 
 10.4 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated and effective as of November 20, 2020, by and between Carter Bankshares, Inc., Carter Bank Trust and Jane Ann Davis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021 
 10.5 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated and effective as of November 20, 2020, by and between Carter Bankshares, Inc., Carter Bank Trust and Bradford N. Langs (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021 
 10.6 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated and effective as of November 20, 2020, by and between Carter Bankshares, Inc., Carter Bank Trust and Matthew M. Speare (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021) 
 10.7 
 Carter Bankshares, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, effective November 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on December 3, 2020) 
 10.7.1 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (for employee) for use after November 20, 2020 under the Carter Bankshares, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021 
 10.7.2 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock (for non-employee director) for use after November 20, 2020 under the Carter Bankshares, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021 
 10.7.3 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (for employee: LTIP) for use after March 2, 2022, under the Carter Bankshares, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2022) 
 10.7.4 
 Form of Performance Unit Agreement (for employee) for use after March 2, 2022 under the Carter Bankshares, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2022) 
 10.7.5 
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (for employee: annual) for use on or after February 17, 2022 under the Carter Bankshares, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2022) 
 10.8 
 Carter Bankshares, Inc. Amended and Restated Annual Incentive Plan as amended and restated effective Jan uary 1 , 202 2 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Q uarterly Report on Form 10- Q filed with the SEC on Ma y 5 , 202 2 
 10.9 
 Amended and Restated Change of Control Severance Agreement, dated and effective as of November 20, 2020, by and between Carter Bankshares, Inc., Carter Bank Trust and Arthur Loran Adams (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021 
 10.10 
 Amended and Restated Change of Control Severance Agreement, dated and effective as of November 20, 2020 by and between Carter Bankshares, Inc., Carter Bank Trust and Tony E. Kallsen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (continued) 

 10.11 
 Carter Bank Trust Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (executive component) - Virginia Bankers Association Model Plan (for executives) as restated as of January 1, 2018 and incorporating all amendments through November 1, 2020 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021) 
 10.11.1 
 Adoption Agreement for Virginia Bankers Association Model Plan (for executives) as restated as of January 1, 2018 and updated January 1, 2020, effective as of January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022) 
 10.11.2 
 162(m) Amendment to Virginia Bankers Association Model Plan (for executives) adopted November 13, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021 
 10.12 
 Carter Bank Trust Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (director component) - Virginia Bankers Association Model Plan (for directors) as restated as of January 1, 2018 and incorporating all amendments through November 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021 
 10.12.1 
 Adoption Agreement for Virginia Bankers Association Model Plan (for directors) as restated as of January 1, 2018 and updated January 1, 2020 , effective as of January 1, 2022 inco rporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.1 to t he Comp any s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022 
 10.13 
 Carter Bank Trust Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (for directors and executives) Virginia Bankers Association Model Nonqualified Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan Document, adopted on May 19, 2022, effective as of January 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022) 
 10.13.1 
 Carter Bank Trust Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (for directors and executives) Virginia Bankers Association Model Adoption Agreement, adopted on May 19 , 2022, effective as of January 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022) 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Carter Bankshares, Inc . (filed herewith) 
 23.1 
 Consent of Crowe LLP (filed herewith) 
 31.1 
 Certification by principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (filed herewith) 
 31.2 
 Certification by principal financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (filed herewith) 
 32.1 
 Certification by principal executive officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (filed herewith) 
 32.2 
 Certification by principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (filed herewith) 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (continued) 

 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibits 101) 
 Denotes management contract. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ Litz H. Van Dyke Name: Litz H. Van Dyke Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Wendy S. Bell Name: Wendy S. Bell Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Date: March 10, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 By: /s/ James W. Haskins By: /s/ Litz H. Van Dyke Name: James W. Haskins Name: Litz H. Van Dyke Title: Chairman of the Board Title: Director and Chief Executive Officer Date: March 10, 2023 Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Phyllis Q. Karavatakis By: /s/ Michael R. Bird Name: Phyllis Q. Karavatakis Name: Michael R. Bird Title: Vice Chairman of the Board Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Kevin S. Bloomfield By: /s/ Robert M. Bolton Name: Kevin S. Bloomfield Name: Robert M. Bolton Title: Director Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Robert W. Conner By: /s/ Gregory W. Feldmann Name: Robert W. Conner Name: Gregory W. Feldmann Title: Director Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Lanny A. Kyle, O.D. By: /s/ Jacob A. Lutz III Name: Lanny A. Kyle, O.D. Name: Jacob A. Lutz III Title: Director Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 Date: March 10, 2023 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 By: /s/ E. Warren Matthews By: /s/ Catharine L. Midkiff Name: E. Warren Matthews Name: Catharine L. Midkiff Title: Director Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Curtis E. Stephens By: /s/ Elizabeth Lester Walsh Name: Curtis E. Stephens Name: Elizabeth Lester Walsh Title: Director Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 Date: March 10, 2023 
 130 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 care-20221231xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Carter Bankshares, Inc., a Virginia corporation, is a financial holding company. The table below sets forth all of our subsidiaries and the state or jurisdiction of organization of such subsidiaries. 
 Subsidiary State or Jurisdiction of Organization Carter Bank & Trust Virginia CB&T Investment Company Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 consent-2022123110k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-251098 on Form S-8 of Carter Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiaries of our report dated March 10 , 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Crowe LLP 
 
 Washington, D.C. 
 March 10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 care-20221231x10kxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Litz H. Van Dyke, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Carter Bankshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 10, 2023 s Litz H. Van Dyke Litz H. Van Dyke Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 care-20221231x10kxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Wendy S. Bell, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Carter Bankshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 10, 2023 s Wendy S. Bell Wendy S. Bell Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 care-20221231x10kxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 Pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) I, Litz H. Van Dyke, as Principal Executive Officer of Carter Bankshares, Inc., certify that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, which accompanies this certification fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Carter Bankshares, Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated. The foregoing certification is made pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and shall not be relied upon for any other purpose. The undersigned expressly disclaims any obligation to update the foregoing certification except as required by law. 
 Date March 10, 2023 s Litz H. Van Dyke Litz H. Van Dyke Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 care-20221231x10kxex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

CARTER BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 Pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) I, Wendy S. Bell, as Principal Financial Officer of Carter Bankshares, Inc., certify that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, which accompanies this certification fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Carter Bankshares, Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated. The foregoing certification is made pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and shall not be relied upon for any other purpose. The undersigned expressly disclaims any obligation to update the foregoing certification except as required by law. 
 Date March 10, 2023 s Wendy S. Bell Wendy S. Bell Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 care-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 care-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 care-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 care-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 care-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

