<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230210_10-K_edgar_data_106640_0000106640-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>34906127</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>411659</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>15109645</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8286954</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5721003</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4960201</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000106640-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230210064431
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000106640-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		156
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WHIRLPOOL CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000106640
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD APPLIANCES [3630]
		IRS NUMBER:				381490038
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03932
		FILM NUMBER:		23608513

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		WHIRLPOOL CNTR 2000 M 63
		STREET 2:		C/O CORPORATE SECRETARY
		CITY:			BENTON HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49022-2692
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2699235000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		WHIRLPOOL CTR 2000 M 63
		STREET 2:		C/O CORPORATE SECRETARY
		CITY:			BENTON HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49022-2692

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WHIRLPOOL SEEGER CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710824

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000106640-23-000015.txt : 20230210

10-K
 1
 whr-20221231.htm
 10-K

whr-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission file number 
 
 WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered and 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of voting common stock of the registrant held by stockholders not including voting stock held by directors and executive officers of the registrant and certain employee plans of the registrant (the exclusion of such shares shall not be deemed an admission by the registrant that any such person is an affiliate of the registrant) at the close of business on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was . 
 
 On February 3, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 2. Properties 
 29 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 121 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 121 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 121 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 121 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 122 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 122 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 123 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 123 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 123 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 124 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 124 
 SIGNATURES 
 132 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Our Company 

Improving life at home has been at the heart of our business for 111 years it is why we exist and why we are passionate about what we do. 
 
 Whirlpool Corporation ("Whirlpool"), committed to being the best global kitchen and laundry company, in constant pursuit of improving life at home, was incorporated in 1955 under the laws of Delaware and was founded in 1911. Whirlpool manufactures products in 10 countries and markets products in nearly every country around the world. We have received worldwide recognition for accomplishments in a variety of business and social efforts, including leadership, diversity, innovative product design, business ethics, environmental sustainability, social responsibility and community involvement. 
 We conduct our business through four operating segments, which we define based on geography. Whirlpool's operating segments consist of North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA"); Latin America and Asia. Whirlpool had approximately 20 billion in annual net sales and 61,000 employees in 2022. 
 On January 16, 2023, Whirlpool entered into a contribution agreement with Ar elik A. Arcelik in alignment with Whirlpool s portfolio transformation. Under the terms of the agreement, Whirlpool will contribute its European major domestic appliance business, and Arcelik will contribute its European major domestic appliance, consumer electronics, air conditioning, and small domestic appliance businesses into the newly formed entity of which Whirlpool will own 25 and Arcelik 75 , subject to an adjustment mechanism based on certain financial matters. Separately, Whirlpool agreed in principle to the sale of Whirlpool s Middle East and Africa business to Arcelik. These transactions are collectively referred to as the European major domestic appliance business which was classified as held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2022. Whirlpool will retain ownership of its EMEA KitchenAid small domestic appliance business. 
 The transactions are expected to close in the second half of 2023 and includes Whirlpool s nine production sites located in Italy, Poland, Slovakia, and the UK, as well as Arcelik s two production facilities in Romania. For additional information, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 As used herein, and except where the context otherwise requires, "Whirlpool," "the Company," "we," "us," and "our" refer to Whirlpool Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Our Strategic Architecture 
 Our strategic architecture is the foundational component that drives our shareholder value creation and strategy. Below are the key components of our strategic architecture. 
 
 3 

Portfolio Transformation 
 Whirlpool Corporation is committed to delivering significant, long-term value to both our consumers and our shareholders. We are conducting an overall portfolio review which we believe will transform the company into a high growth and high margin business. Reflective of that, we have successfully completed the acquisition of InSinkErator, divestiture of our Russia operations and the strategic assessment of the EMEA business. Our value creating approach is enabled by three strong pillars: small appliances, major appliances in the Americas and India and commercial appliances. And we are committed to investing in businesses that support high growth and high margins. 

4 

Reconciliations to equivalent GAAP net earnings measures are not provided as EBIT percentages presented above represent our expectations for these business lines and are not provided with respect to results for any specific period. 
 We are committed to being the best global kitchen and laundry company. Our global footprint includes a balance of developed countries and emerging markets, including a leading position in many of the key countries in which we operate. Following the expected divestiture of our European major domestic appliance business (anticipated in the second half of 2023), we continue to be well positioned to convert demand into profitable growth. 
 Our Sustained Investment in Innovation 
 Whirlpool Corporation has been responsible for a number of first-to-market innovations. These include the first electric wringer washer in 1911, the first residential stand mixer in 1919, the first countertop microwave in 1967, the first energy and water efficient top-load washer in 1998 and the first top-load washer with a removable agitator in 2021, among others. In 2022, Maytag brand introduced the Pet Pro System, with a Pet Pro filter in the washer that removes pet hair while a XL lint trap in the dryer traps and removes additional pet hair. Ever mindful of our impact on the planet, our holistic innovation approach uses Design for Sustainability principles in our global platforms and connects product sustainability directly with our business goals. We are proud of our track record of innovation and our progress on sustainable innovation with eco-efficient products that reduce environmental impacts. 
 We are committed to continue innovating for a new generation of consumers. Our world-class innovation pipeline has driven consistent innovation over the last few years, driven by a passionate culture of employees focused on bringing new technologies to market. In 2022, we launched more than 100 new products throughout the world, demonstrating our commitment to innovation, including the Pet Pro System, our new 26-inch Brastemp washer, and multiple new KitchenAid small appliances including semi-automatic espresso makers, burr coffee grinders and a shave ice stand mixer attachment. 
 As the shift to digital continues, consumers continue to desire connected appliances which fit seamlessly into the larger home ecosystem. As a leading connected appliance manufacturer, we are excited to bring new connected products and technologies to market, including voice control with a compatible smart home assistant, food recognition and automatic laundry detergent replenishment and over-the-air updates to qualified connected appliances. Whether developed internally or with 
 
 5 

one of our many collaborators, we believe these digitally-enabled products and services will increasingly enhance the appliance experience for our consumers, as demonstrated by our highly rated mobile apps. 
 Whirlpool manufactures and markets a full line of major home appliances and related products. Our principal products are laundry appliances (including commercial laundry appliances), refrigerators and freezers, cooking appliances, and dishwashers. Additionally, the Company has a robust portfolio of small domestic appliances, including the KitchenAid stand mixer. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed the acquisition of InSinkErator, expanding our portfolio of products to include food waste disposers and instant hot water dispensers for home and commercial use. InSinkErator net sales are reported under the 'Other' product category which are aggregated under the 'Dishwashing and Other' category on the chart below. 
 The following chart provides the percentage of net sales for each of our product categories which accounted for 10 or more of our consolidated net sales over the last three years: 

Best Brand Portfolio 
 We have the best brand portfolio in the industry, with multiple brands with more than 1 billion in revenue. In an increasingly digital world, the Company is driving purposeful innovation to meet the evolving needs of consumers through its iconic brand portfolio. 

6 

We aim to position these desirable brands across many consumer segments. Our sales are led by our global brands Whirlpool and KitchenAid . Whirlpool is trusted throughout the world as a brand that delivers innovative care daily. Our KitchenAid brand brings a combination of innovation and design that inspires and fuels the passion of chefs, bakers and kitchen enthusiasts worldwide. These two brands offer differentiated products that provide exceptional performance and desirable features while remaining affordable to consumers. 
 Additionally, we have a number of strong regional and local brands, including Maytag , Consul , Brastemp , Amana , Bauknecht , JennAir , Hotpoint , Indesit , InSinkErator and Yummly . These brands add to our impressive depth and breadth of kitchen and laundry product offerings and help us provide products that are tailored to local consumer needs and preferences. Our best brand portfolio in the industry, paired with our robust investment in research and development and consumer insights, positions us well to meet trends in consumer preferences and market demand. Following our InSinkErator acquisition, Whirlpool expects to generate additional revenue through a recurring sales profile primarily from its strong brand and position, and an expansion of the InSinkErator brand into new countries and product offerings. 
 Best Cost Position 
 We have a culture of cost optimization and productivity, which we call productivity for growth, and it includes continuous focus on cost efficiency. Since 2017, we have delivered substantial gains through reduced complexity in all aspects of our business: research, design, reduced architectures, and reduced footprint. The regional scale enables our local-for-local production model. We are focused on producing as efficiently as possible and at scale throughout the world. 
 
 As the macro environment continues to change, we believe our demonstrated ability to execute cost takeout allows us to effectively cope with macroeconomic challenges, and we see additional opportunities to further streamline our cost structure. Throughout 2022 we continued to manage our fixed cost base across manufacturing, logistics and selling, general and administrative expenses while at the same time continuing our portfolio transformation through the divestiture of our Russia business and InSinkErator acquisition. Additionally, we completed the strategic assessment of our EMEA business which resulted in classification of our European major domestic appliance business as held for sale during the fourth quarter of 2022. We are also on a journey to reduce the complexity of our design and product platforms. We believe this initiative, among many others, will enable us to utilize increased modular production and improved scale in global procurement. 
 
 We believe our cost position is clearly differentiated in the appliance industry and we are committed to even further improvement, creating strong levels of value for our shareholders, regardless of the external environment. 

Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas. 
 
 7 

Value Creation Framework 
 Our long-term value creation framework is built upon the strong foundation we have in place: our industry-leading brand portfolio and robust product innovation pipeline, supported by our global operating platform and executed by our exceptional employees throughout the world. 
 
 Our long-term value-creation goals reflect our agile and resilient business model, which enables us to succeed in any operating environment. 
 We measure these value-creation components by focusing on the following key metrics: 
 Profitable Growth Margin Expansion Cash Conversion Innovation-fueled growth at or above the market Drive cost and price/mix to grow profitability Asset efficiency converts profitable growth to cash 5-6 11-12 7-8 Annual Organic Net Sales Growth Ongoing EBIT Margin FCF (1) as 
 of Net Sales 
 
 Reconciliations to the equivalent GAAP measures net sales, net earnings, return on assets "ROA" and cash provided by (used in) operating activities for the forward-looking value-creation metrics above and below are not provided as they rely on market factors and other assumptions outside of our control. 
 Capital Allocation Strategy 
 We take a balanced approach to capital allocation by focusing on the following key metrics: 
 
 We remain confident in our ability to effectively manage our business through supply chain constraints, cost inflation and other macroeconomic factors and expect to continue delivering long-term value for our shareholders. 
 
 8 

Regional Business Summary 
 North America In the United States, we market and distribute major home appliances and other consumer products primarily under the Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Maytag, Amana, JennAir, affresh, Swash, everydrop and Gladiator brand names primarily to retailers, distributors and builders, as well as directly to consumers. We also market small domestic appliances under the KitchenAid brand name to retailers, distributors and directly to consumers. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2022 we acquired InSinkErator , the world s largest manufacturer of food waste disposers and instant hot water dispensers. 
 
 We also market Yummly , a recipe app in the United States, through the Yummly brand website and phone application stores. 
 
 In Canada, we market and distribute major home appliances primarily under the Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Maytag, JennAir, Amana and Speed Queen brand names and small domestic appliances under the KitchenAid brand to retailers, distributors, builders, and directly to consumers. 
 
 We sell some products to other manufacturers, distributors, and retailers for resale in North America under those manufacturers' and retailers' respective brand names. 
 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) In Europe, we market and distribute our major domestic appliances to retailers, distributors and directly to consumers under the Whirlpool, Indesit, Hotpoint , Bauknecht, Ignis, Maytag and Privileg brand names. We also market major domestic appliances and small domestic appliances under the KitchenAid brand name primarily to retailers and distributors, as well as directly to consumers. 
 
 We market and distribute products under the Whirlpool, Bauknecht, Maytag, Indesit, Amana and Ignis brand names to distributors and dealers in Africa and the Middle East. We sold our Turkey manufacturing entity in the second quarter of 2021 and sold our Russian operations in the third quarter of 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, our European major domestic appliance business was classified as held for sale. 
 
 Latin America In Latin America, we produce, market and distribute our major home appliances, small domestic appliances and other consumer products primarily under the Consul, Brastemp, Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Acros, Maytag and Eslabon de Lujo brand names primarily to retailers, distributors and directly to consumers. 
 
 We serve the countries of Brazil, Mexico, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay, Argentina, Columbia, Chile, and certain Caribbean and Central America countries, via sales and distribution through accredited distributors. 
 
 In 2022, we opened a new manufacturing facility in Argentina which will produce washing machines primarily for the Brazilian marketplace. 
 
 Asia In Asia, we market and distribute our major home appliances and small domestic appliances in multiple countries, notably in India. 
 
 We market and distribute our products in Asia primarily under the Whirlpool , Maytag , KitchenAid , Ariston , Indesit , Bauknecht and Elica brand names through a combination of direct sales to appliance retailers and chain stores and through full-service distributors to a large network of retail stores. 
 
 In May 2021, we sold our majority interest in Whirlpool China and subsequently retained a non-controlling interest. Whirlpool China continues to sell Whirlpool -branded products through a licensing agreement in China. In September 2021, we acquired an additional interest in Elica PB India. 
 
 In 2022, we opened a new manufacturing line in India which will produce front load washing machines primarily for India. 

Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas. 
 
 9 

Competition 
 Competition in the major home appliance industry is intense, including competitors such as BSH (Bosch), Electrolux, Haier, Hisense, LG, Mabe, Midea, Panasonic and Samsung, many of which are increasingly expanding beyond their existing manufacturing footprint. The competitive environment includes the impact of a changing retail environment, including the shifting of consumer purchase practices towards e-commerce and other channels. Moreover, our customer base includes large, sophisticated trade customers who have many choices and demand competitive products, services and prices, and many of whom have their own brands which compete with our products. We believe that we can best compete in the current environment by focusing on introducing new and innovative products, building strong brands, enhancing trade customer and consumer value with our product and service offerings, meeting or exceeding our emissions and product efficiency commitments, optimizing our regional footprint and trade distribution channels, increasing productivity, improving quality, lowering costs, and taking other efficiency-enhancing measures. 
 Seasonality 
 The Company's quarterly revenues have historically been affected by a variety of seasonal factors, including holiday-driven promotional periods. Historically, the Company's total revenue and operating margins have been highest in the third and fourth quarter. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, we realized a seasonality pattern that differed from historical periods due to the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain disruptions, and other macroeconomic factors. In 2023, the Company expects the seasonal pattern of revenue and operating margins to be more heavily weighted to the second half of the year, compared to historical norms. 
 Raw Materials and Purchased Components 
 Our supplier performance is essential to our business. Some supply disruptions and unanticipated costs may be incurred in transitioning to a new supplier if a prior single supplier relationship was abruptly interrupted or terminated. In the event of a disruption, we believe that we would be able to leverage our global scale to qualify and use alternate materials, though sometimes at premium costs. In 2022 and 2021, our industry was impacted by supply constraints with our suppliers, factories, and logistics providers, based in significant part on geopolitical developments and macroeconomic factors beyond our control. More specifically, in the fourth quarter of 2022, we experienced a one-off supply chain disruption driving revenue decline in the North America operating segment. We believe we have the organization well positioned to succeed throughout the year and to benefit from mid to long term opportunities. 
 Working Capital 
 The Company maintains varying levels of working capital throughout the year to support business needs and customer requirements through various inventory management techniques, including demand forecasting and planning. See the Financial Condition and Liquidity section of the Management's Discussion and Analysis section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our working capital requirements and processes. 
 Trademarks, Licenses and Patents 
 We consider the trademarks, copyrights, patents, and trade secrets we own, and the licenses we hold, in the aggregate, to be a valuable asset. Whirlpool is the owner of a number of trademarks in the United States and foreign countries. The most important trademarks to North America are Whirlpool, Maytag, JennAir, KitchenAid, InSinkErator, Yummly and Amana. The most important trademarks to EMEA are Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Bauknecht, Indesit, Hotpoint and Ignis. The most important trademarks to Latin America are Consul, Brastemp, Whirlpool, KitchenAid and Acros . The most important trademark to Asia is Whirlpool . 
 
 Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas. 
 
 10 

We receive royalties from licensing our trademarks to third parties to manufacture, sell and service certain products bearing the Whirlpool, Maytag, KitchenAid and Amana brand names. We continually apply for and obtain patents globally. The primary purpose in obtaining patents is to protect our designs, technologies, products and services. 
 Government Regulation and Protection of the Environment 
 At Whirlpool, we believe our vision to be the world s best kitchen and laundry company, in constant pursuit of improving life at home, is an urgent call to action. Our commitment to sustainability is guided by this belief and brought to life through the choices and investments we make: to protect our shared environment, to support our employees continuous growth and ensure their safety, and to always do our best to uplift our communities. And we are uniquely placed to achieve that. 
 We know that an environmentally sustainable Whirlpool is a more competitive Whirlpool - a company better positioned for long-term success. Our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) strategy is an integral part of our long-term, globally aligned strategic imperatives and operating priorities. It is deeply embedded in our vision, mission and values as an organization. We continuously seek to identify ways to broaden our commitments to ESG efforts and make progress on our goal of making our homes, our communities and our operations better today and in the future. 
 We are committed to developing innovative products that drive efficiencies in water and energy use and save our consumers time. Because we consider consumer preferences and cultural influences, and differences in infrastructure and availability of resources (such as water and energy) in regions where we operate, our approach and impact vary by region. In developed countries such as the U.S. and in Europe, our journey in providing efficient appliances has been one of continuous success over decades of delivering on innovation while not sacrificing performance. In developing countries we are committed to providing solutions specific to those areas, while minimizing the water and energy use of those products. It is these purposeful innovations that have improved the lives of millions of our consumers in meaningful ways. We are also committed to a 20 percent reduction in emissions linked to the use of our products (scope 3 category 11) across the globe by 2030, compared to 2016 levels. This target has been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative, and builds on the Company's earlier reduction in emissions across all scopes since 2005. 
 In 2021, the Company announced a global commitment to reach a net zero emissions target in its plants and operations (scopes 1 and 2) by 2030, which will cover more than 30 of Whirlpool Corporation's manufacturing sites and its large distribution centers around the world. We expect to achieve this target by generating and consuming renewable energy, including installation of wind turbines, solar panels and investing in off-site renewables through virtual power purchase agreements, improvements in energy efficiency and leveraging carbon removal to offset emissions that cannot be avoided. The Company has also entered into a second Virtual Purchase Power Agreement (VPPA), which represents an additional 53 megawatts of clean, renewable wind energy over the next 12 years and accelerates the Company s progress to cover 100 percent renewable electricity for its U.S. plant operations. The Company is also taking actions to reduce waste material across all global manufacturing facilities. 
 We continued a carbon offsetting initiative based on our use of advanced formulation blowing agents with lower global warming potential in refrigerators produced in North America. These conversions allow us to generate tradable environmental assets and operate in the voluntary carbon offsets market by following an approved American Carbon Registry (ACR) methodology. ACR is a leading carbon offset program that has developed environmentally rigorous, science-based offset methodologies for years. Our ACR-registered carbon offsets are sold to external buyers via a broker, and the funds are used to further our initiatives in reducing our carbon footprint through sustainable product development and emissions offsetting. The amount received for ACR credit sales in 2022 was immaterial, though it is expected to increase in the future. Offset activation, verification, and brokerage was also immaterial and is not expected to be material in 2023. 
 We comply with all laws and regulations regarding protection of the environment, and in many cases where laws and regulations are less restrictive, we have established and are following our own 
 
 11 

standards, consistent with our commitment to environmental responsibility. These compliance requirements tend to pair well with our ESG focus and we believe that we are in compliance, in all material respects, with presently applicable governmental provisions relating to environmental protection in the countries in which we have manufacturing operations. Compliance with these environmental laws and regulations did not have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings, or our competitive position during 2022 and is not expected to be material in 2023. 
 The entire major home appliance industry, including Whirlpool, must contend with the adoption of stricter government energy and environmental standards. These standards have been phased in over the past several years and continue to be phased in, and include the general phase-out of ozone-depleting chemicals used in refrigeration, and energy and related standards for selected major appliances, regulatory restrictions on the materials content specified for use in our products by some jurisdictions and mandated recycling of our products and packaging materials at the end of their useful lives. Compliance with these various standards, as they become effective, will increase costs or require some product redesign. However, we believe, based on our understanding of the current state of proposed regulations, that we will be able to develop, manufacture, and market products that comply with these regulations. 
 Various municipal, state, and federal regulators have discussed, proposed, or enacted new regulations or bans on appliances that utilize natural gas citing climate change and other regulatory concerns, which would impose transition costs and impact our product mix and product offerings, among other impacts. We also believe that transition to a lower-carbon economy presents opportunities for our business, given our broad-based product portfolio of resource-efficient appliances, including a full line of electric, natural gas and induction-based appliances. 
 Our operations are also subject to numerous legal and regulatory requirements concerning product energy usage, data privacy, cybersecurity, employment conditions and worksite health and safety. These requirements often provide broad discretion to government authorities, and they could be interpreted or revised in ways that delay production or make production more costly. The costs to comply, or associated with any noncompliance, are, or can be, significant and vary from period to period. 
 Specific to data privacy and cybersecurity, our Board exercises oversight for our global information security and privacy programs. This includes understanding our business needs and associated risks, and reviewing management's strategy and recommendations for managing cybersecurity and privacy risks. In line with this oversight responsibility, the Audit Committee receives reports on cyber program effectiveness periodically, and the Board of Directors receives a full presentation annually on cybersecurity related trends and program updates. For our employees globally, we maintain a cybersecurity and privacy training program that includes training, simulated phishing exercises, and regular publications on our Company portal. Additionally, we maintain a privacy program that manages compliance to privacy regulations globally. 
 Human Capital Management 
 At Whirlpool, our values guide everything we do. We have created an environment where open and honest communication is the expectation, not the exception. We hold our employees to this standard and offer the same in return. Our Integrity Manual was created to help our employees follow our commitment to win the right way. Additionally, our Supplier Code of Conduct formalizes the key principles under which Whirlpool s suppliers are required to operate. 
 Our Human Capital Strategy is built around three pillars: 
 Agile Organization 
 Our employees are a critical driver of Whirlpool s global business results. On December 31, 2022, Whirlpool employed approximately 61,000 employees across 48 countries, with 32 located within the United States. Outside of the United States, our largest employee populations were located within Brazil and Mexico. We regularly monitor various key performance indicators around the human capital priorities of attracting, retaining, and engaging our global talent. In addition, we 
 
 12 

enable the execution of our strategic priorities by providing all employees with access to learning opportunities to improve critical skills, and to develop professional and leadership acumen. 
 Great People 
 We have a long tradition of measuring employee engagement through our employee engagement pulse surveys. We continued to use frequent global pulse surveys with coverage of broader engagement and well-being topics. 
 Development of leadership acumen within Whirlpool Corporation is critical in ensuring People Leaders at all levels are capable and confident in their ability to bring out the best in our people. At Whirlpool, we believe in Leaders Teaching Leaders where our senior leaders are expected to step up and embrace their role in developing our next generation of leaders. As a result, all of our formal leadership development programs are internally designed and facilitated by Whirlpool leaders themselves. The benefits of this strategy are multi-fold; our senior leaders grow continually by playing the role of teachers, our next-level leaders learn from their role models personal experiences and in turn, our organization builds a leadership engine. Leadership development is a crucial component of our overall organizational strategy, and will continue to be an area of focus in the coming years. 
 Whirlpool offers a variety of programs globally to protect the health and safety of our employees. While we maintain targets for year-over-year reduction of the total recordable incident rate and serious injuries, our goal is always zero. 
 Whirlpool has a proud history of providing our employees with comprehensive and competitive benefits packages and we continue to invest in our employees' health and well being. In 2022, we launched a global well-being strategy focused on six main well-being pathways Be healthy; Be you; Be balanced; Be curious; Be prepared; and Be connected, to further empower and support our employees to Be Well in all aspects of their lives. In addition, we enabled access for all our employees to clinical counselors and guidance on relationships, finances, retirement planning, legal issues and emotional needs. All global employees, regardless of their full-time or part-time status, are eligible for this free well-being benefit. 
 Winning Culture 
 Our culture is underpinned by our enduring values, which have long been pillared by inclusion and diversity. Whirlpool has a history of prioritizing issues such as gender and racial equality among our people. For the past 19 years, Whirlpool Corporation has achieved a perfect 100 on the Corporate Equality Index, marking nearly two decades of commitment to inclusion in the workplace. This broad organizational commitment was again demonstrated in 2022 with extensive participation in our global inclusion month. Additionally, Whirlpool s employee resource groups (ERGs) continue to raise awareness for an inclusive culture, representing eight under-represented groups in North America; two in our Europe, Middle East and Africa region; four in the Latin America region; and one in Asia. 
 In 2022, we progressed in our Pledge to Equality and Fairness for our Black Colleagues in the United States, which we established in 2020. At its core, the pledge is our way to activate change and make our company and the communities where we operate better places to work and live for our black colleagues. The pledge is a multi-year action plan, comprising 16 work streams, each led by a senior leader, and overseen by a steering committee of Executive Committee members. In 2022, we continued our rollout of Unconscious Bias and Empathy training for all people leaders, with 91 of U.S.-based people leaders participating. After breaking ground on the multi-family housing development in Benton Harbor, Michigan in 2021, where our Global Headquarters are located, that work continued throughout 2022 and we are excited to welcome residents to their new homes in 2023 as part of our housing commitment to attract diverse occupants as residents of the community. While our actions focus on our four walls and our local communities, we hope that these actions will have a ripple effect on society at large. 
 For additional information, please see Whirlpool s website (www.whirlpoolcorp.com), and forthcoming 2023 Proxy Statement and 2022 Sustainability Report. The contents of our 
 
 13 

Sustainability Report and the Company's website are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. 
 Other Information 
 For information about the challenges and risks associated with our foreign operations, see "Risk Factors" under Item 1A. 
 Whirlpool is a major supplier of laundry, refrigeration, cooking and dishwasher home appliances to Lowe's, a North American retailer. Sales to Lowe's represented approximately 14 , 13 , and 13 of our consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Lowe's represented approximately 37 and 21 of our consolidated accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The proportional increase in Lowe's accounts receivable balance is due to a decrease in consolidated accounts receivable driven by European major domestic appliance business transferred to held for sale. Lowe's accounts receivable has decreased by 9 from the prior year. For additional information, see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For information on our global restructuring plans, and the impact of these plans on our operating segments, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth the names and ages of our executive officers on February 10, 2023, the positions and offices they held on that date, and the year they first became executive officers: 
 Name Office First Became an Executive Officer Age Marc R. Bitzer Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 2006 58 James W. Peters Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and President, Whirlpool Asia 2016 53 Jo o C. Brega Executive Vice President and President, Whirlpool Latin America 2012 59 Gilles Morel Executive Vice President and President, Whirlpool Europe, Middle East Africa 2019 57 
 The executive officers named above were elected by our Board of Directors to serve in the office indicated until the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the annual meeting of stockholders in 2023 and until a successor is chosen and qualified or until the executive officer's earlier resignation or removal. Each of our executive officers has held the position set forth in the table above or has served Whirlpool in various executive or administrative capacities for at least the past five years, except for Mr. Morel. Prior to joining Whirlpool in April 2019, Mr. Morel served for two years as CEO of Northern and Central Europe for Groupe Savencia. Prior to that, he worked for 27 years at Mars Inc. in various leadership positions, most recently as Regional President, Europe Eurasia for Mars Chocolate. 
 On January 31, 2023, Joseph T. Liotine, President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, transitioned to an advisory role. Mr. Liotine will serve in this role through March 31, 2023 and then depart the Company. Marc R. Bitzer, Chairman and CEO, has assumed direct responsibility for global operations. 
 The Company has also announced that Jo o Brega will retire from his position as Executive Vice President and President, Whirlpool Latin America effective March 31, 2023, after 27 years of service with the Company. As part of a planned transition, Juan Carlos Puente, Senior Vice President and President, LAR North, will succeed Mr. Brega in the role effective April 1, 2023. 

14 

Available Information 
 Financial results and investor information (including Whirlpool's Form 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports) are accessible at Whirlpool's investor website: investors.whirlpoolcorp.com. Copies of our Form 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports and amendments, if any, are available free of charge through our website on the same day they are filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 We routinely post important information for investors on our website, whirlpoolcorp.com, in the "Investors" section. We also intend to update the Hot Topics Q A portion of this website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investors section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this document. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 This report contains statements referring to Whirlpool that are not historical facts and are considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which are intended to take advantage of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, are based on current projections about operations, industry conditions, financial condition and liquidity. Words that identify forward-looking statements include words such as "may," "could," "will," "should," "possible," "plan," "predict," "forecast," "potential," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "believe," "may impact," "on track," guarantee , seek and the negative of these words and words and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance, an acquisition or merger, or our businesses. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. Those statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results could differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. 
 We have listed below what we believe to be the most significant strategic, operational, financial, legal and compliance, and general risks relating to our business. 
 STRATEGIC RISKS 
 We face intense competition in the major home appliance industry and failure to successfully compete could negatively affect our business and financial performance. 
 Each of our operating segments operates in a highly competitive business environment and faces intense competition from a significant number of competitors, many of which have strong consumer brand equity. Several of these competitors, such as those set forth in the Business section of this annual report on Form 10-K, are large, well-established companies, ranking among the Global Fortune 500. We also face competition that may be able to quickly adapt to changing consumer preferences, particularly in the connected appliance space, or may be able to adapt more quickly to changes brought about by the global pandemic, supply chain constraints, inflationary pressures, currency fluctuations, geopolitical uncertainty, increased interest rates or other factors. Moreover, our customer base includes large, sophisticated trade customers who have many choices and demand competitive products, services and prices, and which have and may in the future merge, consolidate, form alliances or further increase their relative purchasing scale. Competition in the global appliance industry is based on a number of factors including selling price, product features and design, consumer taste, performance, innovation, reputation, energy efficiency, service, quality, cost, distribution, and financial incentives, such as promotional funds, sales incentives, volume rebates and terms. Many of our competitors are increasingly expanding beyond their existing manufacturing footprints. Our competitors, especially global competitors with low-cost sources of supply, vertically integrated business models and/or highly protected home countries outside the United States, have aggressively priced their products and/or introduced new products to increase 
 
 15 

market share and expand into new geographies. Many of our competitors have established and may expand their presence in the rapidly changing retail environment, including the shifting of consumer purchasing practices towards e-commerce and other channels, and the increasing global prevalence of direct-to-consumer sales models. In addition, technological innovation is a significant competitive factor for our products, as consumers continually look for new product features that save time, effort, water and energy. If we are unable to successfully compete in this highly competitive environment, our business and financial performance could be negatively affected. 
 The loss of, or substantial decline in, volume of sales to any of our key trade customers, major buying groups, and/or builders could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 We sell to a sophisticated customer base of large trade customers, including large domestic and international trade customers, that have significant leverage as buyers over their suppliers. Most of our products are not sold through long-term contracts, allowing trade customers to change volume among suppliers like us. As the trade customers continue to become larger through merger, consolidation or organic growth, they may seek and have sought to use their position to improve their profitability by various means, including improved efficiency, lower pricing, and increased promotional programs. As has occurred in the past, if we are unable to meet their demand requirements, our volume growth and financial results could be negatively affected. We also continue to pursue direct-to-consumer sales globally, including the launch of direct-to-consumer sales on most of our brand websites in recent years, which may impact our relationships with existing trade customers. The loss or substantial decline in volume of sales to our key trade customers, major buying groups, builders, or any other trade customers to which we sell a significant amount of products, has and in the future could adversely affect our financial performance. Additionally, the loss of market share or financial difficulties, including bankruptcy and financial restructuring, by these trade customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 Failure to maintain our reputation and brand image could negatively impact our business. 
 Our brands have worldwide recognition, and our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brand image and reputation. Maintaining, promoting and growing our brands depends on our marketing efforts, including advertising and consumer campaigns, as well as product innovation. We could be adversely impacted if we fail to achieve any of these objectives or if, whether or not justified, the reputation or image of our company or any of our brands is tarnished or receives negative publicity. In addition, adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us, product safety, data privacy breaches or quality issues, inability to meet our net zero or other sustainability goals, or negative association with any brand could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers' confidence in us and reduce long-term demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. 
 In addition, our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including an ever-increasing reliance on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. Inaccurate or negative posts or comments about us on social networking and other websites that spread rapidly through such forums could seriously damage our reputation and brand image. If we do not protect, maintain, extend and expand our brand image, then our financial statements could be materially adversely affected. 
 An inability to effectively execute and manage our business objectives and global operating platform initiative could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 The highly competitive nature of our industry requires that we effectively execute and manage our business objectives including our global operating platform initiative. Our global operating platform initiative aims to reduce costs, expand margins, drive productivity and quality improvements, accelerate our rate of innovation, generate free cash flow and drive shareholder value. An inability to effectively control costs and drive productivity improvements could adversely affect our profitability. In addition, an inability to provide high-quality, innovative products could adversely affect our ability 
 
 16 

to maintain or increase our sales, which could negatively affect our revenues and overall financial performance. 
 Our ability to understand consumers preferences and to timely identify, develop, manufacture, market, and sell products that meet customer demand could significantly affect our business. 
 Our success is dependent on anticipating and appropriately reacting to changes in consumer preferences, including the shifting of consumer purchasing practices towards e-commerce, direct-to-consumer and other channels, and on successful new product development, including in the eco-efficiency space, the connected appliance space and the digital space (for example, our Yummly recipe app), and process development and product relaunches in response to such changes. Our future results and our ability to maintain or improve our competitive position will depend on our capacity to gauge the direction of our key product categories and geographic regions and upon our ability to successfully and timely identify, develop, manufacture, market, and sell new or improved products in these changing environments. 
 Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services and brands. 
 We consider our intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, and the licenses we hold, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements, as well as agreements and policies with our employees and other parties (including non-compete agreements which may become subject to future regulatory action impacting many companies). Our failure to obtain protection for or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, or our processes may diminish our competitiveness. 
 We have applied for intellectual property protection in the United States and other jurisdictions with respect to certain innovations and new products, design patents, product features, and processes. We cannot be assured that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or any similar authority in other jurisdictions will approve any of our patent applications. Additionally, the patents we own could be challenged or invalidated, others could design around our patents or the patents may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide us with any meaningful protection or commercial advantage. Further, the laws of certain foreign countries in which we do business, or contemplate doing business in the future, do not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as United States law. These factors could weaken our competitive advantage with respect to our products, services, and brands in foreign jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Moreover, while we do not believe that any of our products infringe on enforceable intellectual property rights of third parties, others have in the past and may in the future assert intellectual property rights that cover some of our technology, brands, products, or services. Any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements or modify our products or services. We also may be subject to significant damages, injunctions against the development and sale of certain products or services, or limited in the use of our brands. 
 OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 We face risks associated with our divestitures, acquisitions, other investments and joint ventures. 
 From time to time, we make strategic divestitures, acquisitions, investments and participate in joint ventures. For example, in 2022, we divested our operations in Russia and acquired our InSinkErator business from Emerson Electric Co.. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we also classified our 
 
 17 

European major domestic appliance business as held for sale, and signed an agreement in January 2023 to contribute our European major domestic appliance business to a newly formed entity with Arcelik. In 2021, we divested our majority interest in Whirlpool China (formerly Hefei Sanyo) and sold our manufacturing entity in Turkey. These transactions, and other transactions that we have entered into or which we may enter into in the future, can involve significant challenges and risks, including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy or fails to produce a satisfactory return on our investment. We have encountered and may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations, undertaking post-acquisition restructuring activities, applying our internal control processes to these acquisitions, managing strategic investments, and in overseeing the operations, systems and controls of acquired companies. Integrating acquisitions and carving out divestitures is often costly, may be dilutive to earnings and may require significant attention from management. There might also be differing or inadequate cybersecurity and data protection controls, which could impact our exposure to data security incidents and potentially increase anticipated costs or time to integrate the business. Furthermore, we may not realize the degree, or timing, of benefits we anticipate when we first enter into a transaction. While our evaluation of any potential transaction includes business, legal and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved, our due diligence reviews have not always in the past and may not always in the future identify all of the issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential loss contingencies of a particular transaction, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target's previous activities, costs associated with any quality issues with an acquisition target's legacy products or difficulties and costs associated with obtaining necessary regulatory approvals. In addition, certain liabilities have in the past and may be retained by Whirlpool when closing a facility, divesting an entity or selling physical assets, and certain of these retained liabilities have been in the past and may be in the future material. For example, we agreed to retain certain liabilities relating to Embraco antitrust, tax, environmental, labor and products in connection with the Embraco sale. In addition, the current and proposed changes to the U.S. and foreign regulatory approval process and requirements in connection with an acquisition may cause approvals to take longer than anticipated to obtain, not be forthcoming or contain burdensome conditions, which may jeopardize, delay or reduce the anticipated benefits of the transaction to us and could impede the execution of our business strategy. 
 The ability of our suppliers to deliver parts, components and manufacturing equipment to our manufacturing facilities according to schedule and quality required may impact our ability to manufacture without disruption and could affect product availability and sales. 
 We use a wide range of materials and components in the global production of our products, which come from numerous suppliers around the world. Because not all of our business arrangements provide for guaranteed supply, and our suppliers also are subject to the economic, social and political conditions in the countries in which they operate and, moreover, some key parts may be available only from single-source unaffiliated third-party suppliers or a limited group of suppliers, we are subject to supply chain risk. In addition, certain proprietary component parts used in some of our products are provided by single-source unaffiliated third-party suppliers. We would be unable to obtain these proprietary components for an indeterminate period of time if these single-source suppliers were to cease or interrupt production or otherwise fail to supply these components to us as agreed, which could adversely affect our product sales and operating results. 
 Our operations and those of our suppliers are subject to disruption for a variety of unexpected reasons, including, but not limited to, COVID-19-related disruptions, sudden changes in business conditions, supplier plant shutdowns or slowdowns, transportation delays due to port delays or any disruption on the supply chain, work stoppages, labor shortages, labor relations, global geopolitical instability, price inflation, governmental regulatory and enforcement actions, intellectual property claims against suppliers, disputes with suppliers, distributors or transportation providers, financial issues such as supplier bankruptcy, information technology failures, hazards such as fire, earthquakes, flooding, or other natural disasters, including due to climate change, and increased homeland security requirements in the U.S. and other countries. For example, we expect to continue to be impacted by supply chain issues, due to factors largely beyond our control: a global shortage of certain components, such as semiconductors, a strain on raw material and input cost inflation, all of which began easing towards the end of 2022, but could escalate again in future quarters. These 
 
 18 

issues have and could delay importation and increase the cost of products and/or components or require us to locate alternative providers to avoid disruption to customers. These alternatives have not always been and in the future may not be available on short notice and have and in the future could result in higher transit costs and stock availability, which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial statements. Additionally, we are subject to our suppliers capabilities to accurately forecast and manage their production and supply chains and consistently supply us with parts and other raw materials, which can impact our operations given the combination of potential issues including sourcing thousands of parts globally from numerous suppliers in multiple countries. 
 The inability to timely convert our backlog due to supply chain disruptions subjects us to pricing and product availability risks and its conversion into revenue. If our suppliers are unable to effectively recover parts and components and we are unable to effectively manage the impacts of price inflation and timely convert our backlog, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could materially and adversely be affected. 
 The lack of availability of any parts, components or equipment has and could result in production delays and sales disruptions, as well as our ability to fulfil contractual obligations. Unexpected disruption risks as such can not be completely eliminated due to our reliance on suppliers performance to consistently build and ship products to customers. 
 Our ability to continue to identify and to eliminate single failure points within the supply chain remains one of our priorities in order to reduce risks related to third party suppliers and macroeconomic, environmental, political or social potential unforecastable disruptions. 
 Insurance for certain disruptions may not be available, affordable or adequate. The effects of climate change, including extreme weather events, long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability may exacerbate these risks. Such disruption has in the past and could in the future interrupt our ability to manufacture certain products. Any significant supply chain disruption for the reasons stated above or otherwise could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations have been impacted and may in the future be adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
 We continue to closely monitor the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our operations and regions, including its effect on our consumers, operations, employees, trade customers, suppliers and distribution channels. Beginning in 2020, the pandemic created significant business disruption and economic uncertainty which adversely impacted and continues to adversely impact our manufacturing operations, supply chain, and distribution channels. While the immediate impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have been assessed, the long-term magnitude and duration of the disruption, including supply chain disruption, and resulting impact in global business activity remains uncertain. Many factors that have impacted us and others that may impact us in the future, such as timing and availability of effective treatments and vaccines, as well as vaccination rates among the population in the United States and many of the countries in which we operate, and new variants of COVID-19 are out of our control. The adverse impact of the pandemic is expected to continue and may materially affect our financial statements in future periods. 
 We have not yet determined with certainty the extent to which our existing insurance will respond to pandemic-related impacts. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that COVID-19 will have on our trade customers, suppliers, consumers, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. The impact of COVID-19 may also exacerbate other risks discussed elsewhere in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 We face risks associated with our presence in emerging markets. 
 Our growth plans include efforts to increase revenue from emerging markets, including through acquisitions. Local business practices in these countries may not comply with U.S. laws, local laws or other laws applicable to us or our compliance policies, and non-compliant practices may result in 
 
 19 

increased liability risks. For example, we may incur unanticipated costs, expenses or other liabilities as a result of an acquisition target's violation of applicable laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) or similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions. We may incur unanticipated costs or expenses, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation, and other liabilities. For example, we incurred significant impairment and restructuring expenses in the years following our acquisition of Indesit in 2014. In addition, our recent acquisitions have and future acquisitions may increase our exposure to other risks associated with operating internationally, including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; political, legal and economic instability; inflation; changes in tax rates and tax laws; and work stoppages and labor relations, in addition to other risks elsewhere in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Risks associated with our international operations may decrease our revenues and increase our costs. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales outside our North America region represented approximately 42 of our net sales. We expect that international sales will continue to account for a significant percentage of our net sales. Accordingly, we have faced and continue to face numerous risks associated with conducting international operations, any of which could negatively affect our financial performance. These risks include the following: 
 COVID-19-related shutdowns, the timing, availability and effectiveness of treatments and vaccines, and other pandemic-related uncertainties in the countries in which we operate; 
 Political, legal, and economic instability and uncertainty; 
 Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 Changes in foreign tax rules, regulations and other requirements, such as changes in tax rates and statutory and judicial interpretations of tax laws; 
 Changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including sanctions and related regulations resulting from the current political situation in countries in which we do business; 
 Inflation and/or deflation, and changes in interest rates; 
 Changes in foreign country regulatory requirements, including data privacy laws; 
 Various import/export restrictions and disruptions and the availability of required import/export licenses; 
 Imposition of tariffs and other trade barriers; 
 Managing widespread operations and enforcing internal policies and procedures such as compliance with U.S. and foreign anti-bribery, anti-corruption regulations and anti-money laundering regulations, such as the FCPA, and antitrust laws; 
 Labor disputes and work stoppages at our operations and suppliers; 
 Government price controls; 
 Trade customer insolvency and the inability to collect accounts receivable; and 
 Limitations on the repatriation or movement of earnings and cash 
 As a U.S. corporation, we are subject to the FCPA, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage to foreign companies that are not subject to similar regulations. Additionally, any suspicion or determination that we have violated the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 20 

On August 31, 2022, we completed the sale of our Russian business to Arcelik and recorded a loss on disposal. We continue to closely monitor the impact of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine on all aspects of our operations, including most importantly, the safety and security of our employees in the region. The impact of the conflict in Ukraine and resulting sanctions and export controls, include, but are not limited to, macro financial impacts resulting from the exclusion of Russian financial institutions from the global banking system; operational risks, including potential logistics, sales, distribution, and energy related challenges; and reductions in consumer and trade customer demand. Sanctions and export control laws may also have an indirect adverse effect on our business. Sanctions against Russia have contributed to adverse changes in the global price and availability of certain raw materials, which has and could reduce our sales and earnings or otherwise have an adverse effect on our operations, and any future additional export controls or sanctions imposed by the United States, United Kingdom, the European Union, or other countries could further exacerbate these effects. We may also experience potential additional impacts in the future. 
 We have not determined the extent to which our existing insurance coverage will respond to these impacts, or the extent to which any of the United States, European Union or other government actions may mitigate these impacts, if at all. 
 Risks associated with unanticipated social, political and/or economic events may materially and adversely impact our business. 
 Terrorist attacks, cyber events, armed conflicts (including the war in Ukraine discussed elsewhere in Risk Factors), civil unrest, espionage, natural disasters, governmental actions, epidemics and pandemics (including the impacts of COVID-19 discussed elsewhere in Risk Factors) have and could affect our domestic and international sales, disrupt our supply chain, and impair our ability to produce and deliver our products. Many of such events have impacted and could directly impact our physical facilities or those of our suppliers or customers. 
 We have been and may be subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions, cybersecurity attacks and breaches in data security, which may materially adversely affect our operations, financial condition and operating results. 
 We depend on information technology to improve the effectiveness of our operations, to interface with our customers, consumers and employees, to maintain the continuity of our manufacturing operations, and to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. In addition, we collect, store, and process confidential or sensitive data, including proprietary business information, personal data or other information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and/or customer-imposed controls. Our business processes and data sharing across suppliers and vendors is dependent on technology system availability. Our systems may depend, directly or indirectly, on software developed by third parties (such as open source libraries or vendor software) and we may have limited visibility into the robustness of the security practices followed during design, development, or remediation of this third party software. The failure of any such systems, whether internal or third-party, could disrupt our operations by causing transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, delays or cancellation of customer orders, the loss of customers, impediments to the manufacture or shipment of products, other financial and business disruptions, employee relations issues, the loss of or damage to intellectual property and the unauthorized disclosure or compromise of personal data of consumers and employees or of commercially sensitive information. 
 In addition, we have outsourced certain technology services and administrative functions to third-party service providers and may outsource additional functions in the future. If these service providers do not perform effectively or experience failures, we may experience similar issues depending on the function involved. In addition, we may not achieve expected cost savings of outsourcing and may incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers. 
 Our information systems, or those of our third-party service providers, have been in the past and could be in the future impacted by malicious activity of threat actors intent on extracting or corrupting information or disrupting business processes, or by unintentional data-compromising activities by our employees or service providers. 
 
 21 

Such unauthorized access has in the past and could in the future disrupt our business and result in the loss of assets. Cyber attacks are becoming more sophisticated and include ransomware attacks, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, social engineering and other security breaches that have in the past and could in the future lead to disruptions in availability of critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, and corruption of data. Our growth in the areas of direct-to-consumer sales and connected appliances (the "Internet of Things"), and increasingly advanced data processing capabilities, accompanied by increasing handling of consumer information, and our reliance on remote work arrangements, has increased these risks. These events have in the past and could in the future impact our customers, consumers, employees, third-parties and reputation and lead to financial losses from remediation actions, loss of business or potential litigation or regulatory liability or an increase in expenses. While we have not yet experienced any material impacts from a cyber attack, any one or more future cyber attacks could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. Further, market dynamics are increasingly driving heightened cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products, and we may incur additional costs to address these increased risks and to comply with such demands. 
 Product-related liability or product recall costs could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 We have been and may in the future be exposed to product-related liabilities, which in some instances may result in product redesigns, product recalls, or other corrective action. In addition, any claim, product recall or other corrective action that results in significant adverse publicity, particularly if those claims or recalls cause customers to question the safety or reliability of our products, may negatively affect our financial statements. For example, we have undertaken corrective action initiatives in EMEA related to certain legacy Indesit-designed washer and Indesit-produced dryers. We maintain product liability insurance, but it may not be adequate to cover losses related to product liability claims brought against us. Product liability insurance could become more expensive and difficult to maintain and may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. We may be involved in class action litigation or product recalls for which we generally have not purchased insurance, and may be involved in other litigation or events for which insurance products may have limitations. 
 We regularly engage in investigations of potential quality and safety issues as part of our ongoing effort to deliver quality products to our customers. We are currently investigating certain potential quality and safety issues globally, and as appropriate, we undertake to effect repair or replacement of appliances in the event that an investigation leads to the conclusion that such action is warranted. Actual costs of these and any future issues depend upon several factors, including the number of consumers who respond to a particular recall, repair and administrative costs, whether the cost of any corrective action is borne by us or the supplier, and, if borne by us, whether we will be successful in recovering our costs from the supplier. The actual costs incurred as a result of these issues and any future issues could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 Our ability to attract, develop and retain executives and other qualified employees is crucial to our results of operations and future growth. 
 We depend upon the continued services and performance of our key executives, senior management and skilled personnel, particularly professionals with experience in our business, operations, engineering, technology and the home appliance industry. While we strive to attract, develop and retain these individuals through execution of our human capital strategy (see Human Capital Management in Item 1), we cannot be sure that any of these individuals will continue to be employed by us. In the case of talent losses, significant time is required to hire, develop and train skilled replacement personnel. We must also attract, develop, and retain individuals with the requisite engineering and technical expertise to develop new technologies and introduce new products and services, particularly as we increase investment in our digital and Internet of Things capabilities. 
 
 22 

Like many other companies, we are subject to fluctuations in the availability of qualified labor in certain key positions. As an example, in today's labor market, it is challenging to attract and retain qualified talent for key roles within the company, which could lead to increased wage inflation or impede our ability to execute certain key strategic initiatives as we respond to this labor shortage. 
 A shortage of key employees can jeopardize the Company s ability to implement its business objectives, and changes in key executives can result in loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, departures of other key employees, disruptions to our operations and inefficiency during transition periods. In addition, if we are unable to enforce certain non-compete covenants and confidentiality provisions when key employees leave for a competitor, we may lose a competitive advantage arising from confidential and proprietary company information known to such former employees. An inability to hire, develop, transfer retained knowledge, engage and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees could materially hinder our business by, for example, delaying our ability to bring new products and services to market or impairing the success of our operations, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 A deterioration in labor relations could adversely impact our global business. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 61,000 employees globally. We are subject to separate collective bargaining agreements with certain labor unions, as well as various other commitments regarding our workforce. We periodically negotiate with certain unions representing our employees and may be subject to work stoppages or may be unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on the same or similar terms, or at all. In addition, our global restructuring activities have in the past and may in the future be received negatively by governments and unions and attract negative media attention, which may delay the implementation of such plans. A deterioration in labor relations may have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 FINANCIAL RISKS 
 Fluctuations and volatility in the cost and availability of raw materials and purchased components could adversely affect our operating results. 
 The sources and prices of the primary materials (such as steel, resins, and base metals) used to manufacture our products and components containing those materials are susceptible to significant global and regional price fluctuations or availability due to inflation, supply and demand trends, the COVID-19 pandemic, transportation and fuel costs, port and shipping capacity, labor costs or disputes, government regulations, including increased homeland security requirements, and tariffs, changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, price controls, the economic climate, severe weather, climate change and other unforeseen circumstances. For example, we experienced significant raw material inflation in 2021 and 2022, respectively, in addition to many other cost increases throughout our business. In addition, we engage in contract negotiations and enter into commodity swap contracts to manage risk associated with certain commodities purchases, and we have in the past and may in the future experience losses based on commodity price changes. Significant increases in materials cost and availability and other costs now and in the future could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. As an example, in recent years the company has experienced and expects to continue to experience significant levels of commodity, logistics and wage inflation across our businesses. We have responded to these inflationary factors with strong cost reduction initiatives and cost-based price increases. An inability to respond to inflationary pressures effectively could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 Foreign currency fluctuations may affect our financial performance. 
 We generate a significant portion of our revenue and incur a significant portion of our expenses in foreign currencies. Changes in the exchange rates of functional currencies of those operations affect the U.S. dollar value of our revenue and earnings from our foreign operations. We use currency forwards, net investment hedges, and options to manage our foreign currency transaction exposures. We cannot completely eliminate our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, which have and may adversely affect our financial performance. In addition, because our consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, as we generate sales or earnings in other currencies, 
 
 23 

the translation of those results into U.S. dollars can result in a significant increase or decrease in the amount of those sales or earnings. Finally, the amount of legal contingencies related to foreign operations may fluctuate significantly based upon changes in exchange rates and usually cannot be managed with currency forwards, options or other arrangements. Such fluctuations in exchange rates can significantly increase or decrease the amount of any legal contingency related to our foreign operations and make it difficult to assess and manage the potential exposure. 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our operating results. 
 We have a substantial amount of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, primarily trademarks, on our balance sheet. We test the goodwill and intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and when events occur or circumstances change that indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit or intangible asset may be below its carrying amount. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to inherent uncertainties and changes in estimates and assumptions regarding revenue growth rates, EBIT margins, capital expenditures, working capital requirements, tax rates, terminal growth rates, discount rates, royalty rates, benefits associated with a taxable transaction and synergies available to market participants. Declines in market conditions, a trend of weaker than anticipated financial performance for our reporting units or declines in projected revenue for our trademarks, a decline in our share price for a sustained period of time, an increase in the market-based weighted average cost of capital or a decrease in royalty rates, among other factors, are indicators that the carrying value of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable. We recorded a goodwill impairment charge for our EMEA reporting unit of 278 million and recorded an impairment charge of 106 million for certain other intangible assets, each during the second quarter of 2022. In the fourth quarter of 2022, and in connection with the planned divestiture of our European major domestic appliance business, the remaining carrying value of 255 million for the EMEA trademarks was classified as held for sale. We did not record any impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed the acquisition of the InSinkErator business and as a result recorded an increase in goodwill of 1.1 billion and an increase of intangible assets of 1.6 billion. We may in the future be required to record a goodwill or intangible asset impairment charge that, if incurred, could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 Impairment of long-lived assets may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our long-lived asset groups are subject to an impairment assessment when certain triggering events or circumstances indicate that their carrying value may be impaired. If the carrying value exceeds our estimate of future undiscounted cash flows of the operations related to the asset group, an impairment is recorded for the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset group. The results of these tests for potential impairment may be adversely affected by unfavorable market conditions, our financial performance trends, or an increase in interest rates, among other factors. If as a result of the impairment test we determine that the fair value of any of our long-lived asset groups is less than its carrying amount, we may incur an impairment charge that could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 We face inventory valuation risk. 
 We write down product and component inventories that have become obsolete or do not meet anticipated demand or net realizable value. No assurance can be given that, given the unpredictable pace of product obsolescence and business conditions with trade customers and in general, we will not incur additional inventory related charges. Such charges could negatively affect our financial statements. 
 Significant differences between actual results and estimates of the amount of future funding for our pension plans and postretirement health care benefit programs, and significant changes in funding assumptions or significant increases in funding obligations due to regulatory changes, could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 24 

We have both funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans that cover certain employees around the world. We also have unfunded postretirement health care benefit plans for eligible retired employees. The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, govern the funding obligations for our U.S. pension plans, which are our principal pension plans. Our U.S. defined benefit plans were frozen on or before December 31, 2006 for substantially all participants. Since 2007, U.S. employees have been eligible for an enhanced employer contribution under Whirlpool's defined contribution (401(k)) plan. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our projected benefit obligations under our pension plans and postretirement health and welfare benefit programs exceeded the fair value of plan assets by an aggregate of approximately 0.4 billion , including 0.3 billion of which was attributable to pension plans and 0.1 billion of which was attributable to postretirement health care benefits. Estimates for the amount and timing of the future funding obligations of these pension plans and postretirement health and welfare benefit plans are based on various assumptions, including discount rates, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, life expectancies and health care cost trend rates. These assumptions are subject to change based on changes in interest rates on high quality bonds, stock and bond market returns, health care cost trend rates and regulatory changes, all of which are largely outside our control. Significant differences in results or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect our postretirement obligations and related future contributions and expenses. 
 LEGAL COMPLIANCE RISKS 
 Unfavorable results of legal and regulatory proceedings could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition and performance. 
 We are or may in the future become subject to a variety of litigation and legal compliance risks relating to, among other things: products; intellectual property rights; income and indirect taxes; environmental matters (including matters related to climate change); corporate matters; commercial matters; credit matters; competition laws; distribution, marketing and trade practice matters; customs and duties; occupational health and safety (including matters related to the COVID-19 pandemic), industrial accidents, anti bribery and anti corruption regulations; energy regulations; data privacy regulations; financial and securities regulations; and employment and benefit matters. For example, we are currently disputing certain income and indirect tax related assessments issued by the Brazilian authorities (see Note 8 and Note 15); and we are disputing certain income and indirect tax assessments in various legal proceedings in Italy, India and other jurisdictions globally. Unfavorable outcomes regarding these assessments could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements in any particular reporting period. Results of legal and regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and for some matters, such as class actions, no insurance is cost-effectively available. Regardless of merit, legal and regulatory proceedings may be both time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Such proceedings could also generate significant adverse publicity and have a negative impact on our reputation and brand image, regardless of the existence or amount of liability. We estimate loss contingencies and establish accruals as required by GAAP, based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable, in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings, volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and other factors may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded and could result in an adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which a liability would be recognized or cash flows for the period in which amounts would be paid. Actual results may significantly vary from our reserves. 
 We are subject to, and could be further subject to, governmental investigations or actions by other third parties. 
 We are subject to various federal, foreign and state laws, including antitrust and product-related laws and regulations, violations of which can involve civil or criminal sanctions. Responding to governmental investigations or other actions may be both time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business 
 
 25 

operations. For example, the second part of a French Competition Authority investigation, which is expected to focus primarily on manufacturer interactions with retailers, is ongoing. The impact of these and other investigations and lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements and harm our reputation. 
 Changes in the legal and regulatory environment, including data privacy and protection, and changes in taxes and tariffs, could limit our business activities, increase our operating costs, reduce demand for our products or result in litigation or regulatory action. 
 The conduct of our businesses, and the production, distribution, sale, advertising, labeling, safety, transportation and use of many of our products, are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal, state and local governmental agencies in the United States, as well as to foreign laws and regulations administered by government entities and agencies in countries in which we operate. Compliance with these regulations may be require us to, among other things, change our manufacturing processes or product offerings, or undertake other costly activities. In addition, we operate in an environment in which there are different and potentially conflicting data privacy and data protection laws in effect in the various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and we must understand and comply with each law and standard in each of these jurisdictions. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, the California Consumer Privacy Act and the Brazilian General Data Protection Law, and various other privacy and data protection laws that have been passed or are pending in other countries collectively impose or will impose new regulatory data privacy and protection standards for which we must comply. These expanding privacy and data protection laws may affect our collection, processing, and cross-border transfer of consumer information and other personal data, such as in connection with our growth in the areas of direct-to-consumer sales, Internet of Things, and the digital space. Some of the laws allow for significant fines, reaching several percentage points of global corporate revenues or more. These laws and regulations may change, sometimes dramatically, as a result of political, economic or social events. Changes in laws, regulations or governmental policy and the related interpretations may alter the environment in which we do business and may impact our results or increase our costs or liabilities. Additionally, we could be subjected to future liabilities, fines or penalties or the suspension of product production for failing to comply, or being alleged as failing to comply, with various laws and regulations, including environmental regulations. 
 Additionally, as a global company headquartered in the United States, we are exposed to the impact of U.S. and global tax changes, especially those that affect the effective corporate income tax rate. In August 2022, the United States enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 the Act ), which, among other provisions, created a 1 excise tax on share repurchases and a new corporate minimum tax for certain corporations with regular corporate income tax liabilities below, in general, 15 of their consolidated GAAP pre-tax income. We do not expect the Act to have a material impact on our effective tax rate; however, it is possible that the U.S. or another jurisdiction could enact tax legislation in the future that could have a material impact on our tax rate. 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD is currently working on the base erosion and profit shifting 2.0 project (the BEPS Project ), which is intended to modernize the international tax system by, among other measures, ensuring that large multinational enterprises pay a minimum level of tax in each of the jurisdictions in which they operate (such minimum tax proposal, Pillar Two ). Pillar Two addresses the risk of profit shifting to entities in low tax jurisdictions by introducing a global minimum tax rate of 15 . In December 2021, the OECD released model rules in respect of Pillar Two (the GloBE Rules ). If implemented in their current form by the members of the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on BEPS, the GloBE rules would impose a top-up tax on profits arising in a jurisdiction whenever the effective tax rate of a large multinational enterprise, determined on a jurisdictional basis, is below the 15 minimum rate. In December 2022, the European Union member states formally adopted the European Commission s proposal for a Directive ensuring a 15 minimum effective tax rate for large multinational groups (the Pillar Two Directive ). The Pillar Two Directive is expected to be implemented in the national law of the European Union member states by December 31, 2023. If Pillar Two (including the GloBE rules) and the Pillar Two Directive are implemented in the domestic laws of any jurisdictions in which we operate, or via international treaties entered into between such jurisdictions, we expect they 
 
 26 

would apply to our subsidiaries and could impact our consolidated effective corporate income tax rate as well as increase our tax compliance costs incurred to track and collect such taxes. Until the OECD s proposals on Pillar Two (including the GloBE Rules), and the Pillar Two Directive for the EU member states, have been implemented under domestic laws and/or international treaties, the extent of any impact on our tax liabilities and operations cannot be determined accurately and remains uncertain. 
 In addition, the current domestic and international political environment, including government shutdowns and changes to U.S. policies related to global trade and tariffs, has resulted in uncertainty surrounding the future state of the global economy. Many of our most significant competitors are global companies, and in an escalating global trade conflict or the imposition of tariffs, their respective governments may impose regulations that are favorable to our competitors. The U.S. federal government may propose additional changes to international trade agreements, tariffs, taxes, and other government rules and regulations. These regulatory changes could significantly impact our business and financial performance. For additional information about our consolidated tax provision, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The impact of climate change and climate change or other environmental regulation may adversely impact our business. 
 The effects of climate change, whether involving physical risks or transition risks, could have an impact on our business and have in the past and could in the future cause us to incur capital and other expenditures to comply with various laws and regulations, especially relating to the protection of the environment, human health and safety, and water and energy efficiency, and may also exacerbate other risks discussed elsewhere in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Climate change regulations at the federal, state or local level, or in international jurisdictions, or customer or consumer preferences or expectations, could require us to limit emissions, change our manufacturing processes or product offerings, or undertake other costly activities. For example, various municipal, state, and federal regulators have discussed, proposed, or enacted new regulations or bans on appliances that utilize natural gas citing climate change and other regulatory concerns, which would impose transition costs and impact our product mix and product offerings, among other impacts. We recognize that making changes to our supply chain, manufacturing processes and product offerings can and does introduce transition risks. Among these are the risk that our more efficient product offerings are not competitive in terms of price or consumer perception; the risk that our upstream suppliers are unable to deliver lower emissions sources of supply that are cost and quality-competitive; the risk that we fail to continually innovate to develop products and manufacturing processes with a lower carbon footprint; and, specific to our recycled plastics initiative (a pledge in our EMEA region to use an average 18 recycled plastic content by 2025), the risk that we fail to develop solutions to incorporate reformulated plastics materials that meet our rigorous quality and safety standards. 
 We are also subject to global regulations related to chemical substances and materials in our products (such as the U.S. Toxic Substances Control Act), which may require us to modify the materials used in our products or undertake activities which may have a cost impact. There is also increased focus by governmental and non-governmental entities on sustainability matters. In addition, a number of governmental bodies have finalized, proposed or are contemplating additional legislative and regulatory changes in response to the potential effects of climate change. In particular, cleanup obligations that might arise at any of our manufacturing sites or the imposition of more stringent environmental laws in the future could adversely affect our business. 
 We have set rigorous science-based targets for greenhouse gas reductions and related sustainability goals, including a net zero emissions target in our plants and operations that was announced in 2021. Any failure to achieve our sustainability goals or reduce our impact on the environment, any changes in the scientific or governmental metrics utilized to objectively measure success, or the perception that we have failed to act responsibly regarding climate change could result in negative publicity and adversely affect our reputation as well as our relationships with customers, investors and other stakeholders, which could in turn adversely affect our business operations, reputation, including a reduction in customer and consumer sentiment and negatively impact our financial 
 
 27 

condition, including our access to capital and cost of debt. In addition, not all of our competitors may seek to establish climate or other ESG targets and goals, or at a comparable level to ours, which could result in our competitors achieving competitive advantages through lower supply chain or operating costs, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Additionally, any failure in our procedures to monitor climate related regulatory and policy changes in the jurisdictions in which we operate or in our processes and tools to track our greenhouse gas emissions and assess both operational and financial impacts of climate-related regulations, and any failure to comply with any such regulations and policies, could subject us to additional costs and penalties and harm to our reputation. Violations of environmental, health and safety laws are subject to civil, and, in some cases, criminal sanctions. As a result of these various uncertainties, we may incur unexpected interruptions to operations, fines, penalties or other reductions in income which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and harm our reputation. 
 GENERAL RISKS 
 We are exposed to risks associated with the uncertain global economy. 
 The current domestic and international political and economic environment are posing challenges to the industry in which we operate. A number of economic factors, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, gross domestic product, availability of consumer credit, interest rates, consumer sentiment and debt levels, retail trends, housing starts, sales of existing homes, the level of mortgage refinancing and defaults, fiscal and credit market uncertainty, and foreign currency exchange rates, currency controls, inflation and deflation, generally affect demand for our products in the U.S. and other countries which we operate. 
 Economic uncertainty and related factors, including a potential recession or recession, may exacerbate negative trends in business and consumer spending and has caused and may cause certain customers to push out, cancel, or refrain from placing orders for our products. Uncertain market conditions, difficulties in obtaining capital, or reduced profitability has caused and may cause some customers to scale back operations, exit markets, merge with other retailers, or file for bankruptcy protection and potentially cease operations, which can also result in lower sales and/or additional inventory. These conditions have affected and may similarly affect key suppliers, which could impair their ability to deliver parts and result in delays for our products or added costs. 
 A decline in economic activity and conditions in certain areas in which we operate have had an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations in recent years, and future declines and adverse conditions could have a similar adverse effect. Regional, political and economic instability in countries in which we do business may adversely affect business conditions, disrupt our operations, and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we expect to continue to be impacted by the global supply chain issues discussed elsewhere in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Uncertainty about future economic and industry conditions also makes it more challenging for us to forecast our operating results, make business decisions, and identify and prioritize the risks that may affect our businesses, sources and uses of cash, financial condition and results of operations. We may be required to implement additional cost reduction efforts, including restructuring activities, which may adversely affect our ability to capitalize on opportunities in a market recovery. In addition, our operations are subject to general credit, liquidity, foreign exchange, market and interest rate risks. Our ability to access liquidity or borrow to invest in our businesses, fund strategic acquisitions and refinance maturing debt obligations depends in part on access to the capital markets. For example, the United States Federal Reserve began raising its benchmark rate in March 2022, increasing the rate by a total of 3.75 since the start of 2022. Such increases and any future increases may, among other things, reduce the availability and increase the costs of obtaining new variable rate debt and refinancing existing indebtedness, and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. If inflation increases costs beyond our ability to control, we may not be able to adjust prices or use our portfolio strategy to sufficiently offset the effect without negatively 
 
 28 

impacting consumer demand or our gross margin. 
 If we do not timely and appropriately adapt to changes resulting from the uncertain macroeconomic environment and industry conditions, or to difficulties in the financial markets, or if we are unable to continue to access the capital markets, our financial statements may be materially and adversely affected. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal executive offices are located in Benton Harbor, Michigan. On December 31, 2022, our principal manufacturing operations were carried on at 35 locations in 10 countries worldwide. We occupied a total of approximately 68 million square feet devoted to manufacturing, service, sales and administrative offices, warehouse and distribution space. Over 43 million square feet of such space was occupied under lease. Whirlpool properties include facilities which are suitable and adequate for the manufacture and distribution of Whirlpool's products. 
 
 The Company's principal manufacturing locations by operating segment were as follows: 
 Operating Segment North America Europe, Middle East and Africa Latin America Asia Manufacturing Locations 12 9 8 6 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information regarding legal proceedings can be found in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 29 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 30 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Whirlpool's common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the NYSE Chicago under the ticker symbol WHR. As of February 3, 2023, the number of holders of record of Whirlpool common stock was approximately 7,742. 
 On April 19, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 2 billion, which has no expiration date. On February 14, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized an additional 2 billion in share repurchases under the Company's ongoing share repurchase program. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased approximately 4.8 million shares under these share repurchase programs at an aggregate purchase price of approximately 903 million. At December 31, 2022, there were approximately 2.6 billion in remaining funds authorized under this program. 
 Share repurchases are made from time to time on the open market as conditions warrant. These programs do not obligate us to repurchase any of our shares and they have no expiration date. 
 The following table summarizes repurchases of Whirlpool's common stock in the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period (Millions of dollars, except number and price per share) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 2,587 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 2,587 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 2,587 Total 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 None. 
 
 31 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is intended to promote understanding of the results of operations and financial condition of the Company and generally discusses the results of operations for the current year compared to prior two years. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in connection with, the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 Certain references to particular information in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are made to assist readers. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Whirlpool significantly accelerated its portfolio transformation with the divestiture of its Russia business, the acquisition of InSinkErator and the conclusion of the EMEA strategic review which resulted in an agreement to contribute Whirlpool's European major domestic appliance business to a newly formed entity. Collectively, these actions are expected to deliver an enhanced financial profile as we transform our portfolio to a high-growth, high-margin business. 
 In a challenging macroeconomic cycle, including softening consumer sentiment and inflationary pressures, Whirlpool's full-year net sales declined 10 , including Whirlpool Russia net sales of 138 million in 2022 compared to 505 million of net sales in the prior year. Whirlpool saw GAAP net loss available to Whirlpool of 1,519 million (net loss margin of (7.7) ), or (27.18) per share, compared to GAAP net earnings available to Whirlpool of 1,783 (net earnings margin of 8.1 ), or 28.36 per share in the same prior-year period. Additionally, Whirlpool delivered ongoing (non-GAAP) earnings per share of 19.64 and full-year ongoing EBIT margin of 6.9 , compared to 26.59 and 10.8 in the same prior-year period. On a GAAP basis, net loss margins were impacted by 1.9 billion due to primarily non-cash charges related to the divestiture of the Whirlpool Russia business and the conclusion of the strategic review of EMEA. On a GAAP and ongoing basis Whirlpool's results were impacted by lower volumes and cost inflation partially offset by favorable price/mix and lower GAAP and adjusted tax rates. 
 Cash provided by operating activities of 1.4 billion, compared to 2.2 billion in 2021, alongside free cash flow (non-GAAP) of 820 million in 2022, compared to 1.7 billion in 2021, primarily driven by lower earnings, partially offset by favorable working capital and hedge settlements in the current period. 
 In 2022, Whirlpool returned 1.3 billion in cash to shareholders, including a twenty-five percent increase in our quarterly dividend and over 900 million of share repurchases, in addition to the 1.4 billion returned to shareholders in 2021. 
 Please see "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" elsewhere in this Management's Discussion and Analysis for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures. 

32 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following table summarizes the consolidated results of operations: 
 December 31, Consolidated - In Millions (except per share data) 2022 Better/(Worse) 2021 Better/(Worse) 2020 Net sales 19,724 (10.3) 21,985 13.0 19,456 Gross margin 3,073 (30.3) 4,409 14.8 3,842 Selling, general and administrative 1,820 12.5 2,081 (10.9) 1,877 Restructuring costs 21 44.7 38 86.8 288 Impairment of goodwill and other intangibles 384 nm nm 7 (Gain) loss on sale and disposal of businesses 1,869 nm (105) nm (7) Interest and sundry (income) expense (19) (88.1) (159) nm (21) Interest expense 190 (8.6) 175 7.4 189 Income tax expense 265 48.8 518 (35.6) 382 Net earnings available to Whirlpool (1,519) nm 1,783 65.9 1,075 Diluted net earnings available to Whirlpool per share (27.18) nm 28.36 67.0 16.98 
 nm: not meaningful 
 Consolidated net sales for 2022 decreased by 10.3 compared to 2021, primarily driven by lower volumes, divestiture of our Russia business and the impact of foreign currency, partially offset by the favorable impact of product/price mix. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, net sales for 2022 decreased 8.1 compared to 2021. Consolidated net sales for 2021 increased 13.0 compared to 2020, primarily driven by the favorable impact of product price/mix. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, net sales for 2021 increased 12.3 compared to 2020. 
 The chart below summarizes the balance of net sales by operating segment for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The consolidated gross margin percentage for 2022 decreased to 15.6 compared to 20.1 in 2021, primarily driven by lower volume, cost inflation and inventory reduction actions, partially offset by favorable product price/mix. The consolidated gross margin percentage for 2021 increased to 20.1 compared to 19.7 in 2020, primarily driven by the favorable impact of product price/mix, partially offset by raw material inflation and increased marketing and technology investments. 
 
 33 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 Results of Operating Segments 
 Our operating segments are based upon geographical region and are defined as North America, EMEA, Latin America and Asia. These regions also represent our reportable segments. The chief operating decision maker, who is the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, evaluates performance based on each segment's earnings (loss) before interest and taxes (EBIT), which we define as operating profit less interest and sundry (income) expense and excluding restructuring costs, asset impairment charges and certain other items that management believes are not indicative of the region's ongoing performance, if any. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 On January 16, 2023, Whirlpool entered into a contribution agreement with Ar elik A. Arcelik related to our European major domestic appliance business which is reported within our EMEA reportable segment. The European disposal group met the criteria for held for sale accounting during the fourth quarter of 2022. The operations of the disposal group did not meet the criteria to be presented as discontinued operations. The transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2023 and the results of European major domestic appliance business will be included in our financials until closing of the transaction. For additional information, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Whirlpool will retain ownership of its EMEA KitchenAid small domestic appliance business. 
 The following is a discussion of results for each of our operating segments. Each of our operating segments has been impacted by COVID-19 in the areas of manufacturing operations such as a decrease in production levels resulting in production level below normal capacity. Excess capacity costs were not material for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. Additionally, operating segments have been impacted by disruptions in supply chains and distribution channels, among other macroeconomic impacts. 

34 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 NORTH AMERICA 
 
 Net Sales Summary 
 Net sales for 2022 decreased 8.1 compared to 2021 primarily driven by lower volume, partially offset by favorable impact of product price/mix. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, net sales decreased 7.9 in 2022. Ne t sales for 2021 increased 11.4 compared to 2020 primarily driven by the favorable impact of product price/mix. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, net sales increased 10.9 in 2021. 
 EBIT Summary 
 EBIT margin for 2022 was 11.5 compared to 17.8 for 2021 . EBIT decreased primarily due to lower volume and cost inflation, partially offset by the favorable impact of product/price mix. EBIT margin for 2021 was 17.8 compared to 15.7 for 2020. EBIT increased primarily due to the favorable impact of price/mix, partially offset by the unfavorable impacts of inflation and increased marketing and technology investments. 
 EMEA 
 
 Net Sales Summary 
 Net sales for 2022 decreased 20.9 compared to 2021 primarily driven by lower volume, unfavorable impact of foreign currency and divestiture of our Russia business, partially offset by product price/mix. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, net sales decreased 11.8 in 2022. Net sales for 2021 increased 15.9 compared to 2020 primarily due to higher volumes, the favorable impact of product price/mix, and foreign currency. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, net sales increased 12.5 in 2021. 
 EBIT Summary 
 EBIT margin for 2022 was (1.4) compared to 2.0 for 2021 . EBIT decreased primarily due to lower volume and cost inflation, partially offset by the favorable impacts of product/price mix. EBIT margin for 2021 was 2.0 compared to 0.0 for 2020. In 2021, EBIT increased primarily due to cost productivity, the favorable impacts of product price/mix and higher volumes, partially offset by the unfavorable impacts of raw material inflation. 

35 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 LATIN AMERICA 
 
 Net Sales Summary 
 Net sales for 2022 decreased 1.3 compared to 2021 primarily driven by lower volume, partially offset by the favorable impact of product price/mix and the impact of foreign currency. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, net sales decreased 3.5 in 2022. Net sales for 2021 increased 22.2 compared to 2020 primarily driven by the favorable impact of product price/mix and higher volumes, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, net sales increased 25.6 in 2021. 
 EBIT Summary 
 EBIT margin for 2022 was 6.4 compared to 8.4 for 2021. EBIT margin decreased primarily due to cost inflation and lower volume, partially offset by the favorable impacts of product/price mix. EBIT margin for 2021 and 2020 was 8.4 . EBIT margin was unchanged primarily due to the favorable impact of product price/mix offset by raw material inflation, the unfavorable impact of foreign currency and unfavorable cost productivity. 
 ASIA 
 
 Net Sales Summary 
 Net sales for 2022 decreased 11.2 compared to 2021 primarily due to the divestiture of Whirlpool China and unfavorable impact of foreign currency, partially offset by favorable product price/mix. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, net sales decreased 6.8 in 2022. Net sales for 2021 decreased 2.1 compared to 2020 primarily due to the divestiture of Whirlpool China, partially offset by favorable product price/mix. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, net sales decreased 3.4 in 2021. 
 EBIT Summary 
 EBIT margin for 2022 was 4.9 compared to 5.4 for 2021. EBIT decreased primarily due to lower volume and cost inflation, partially offset by the favorable impact of product price/mix. EBIT margin for 2021 was 5.4 compared to (0.5) for 2020. EBIT increased primarily due to the favorable product price/mix and the divestiture of Whirlpool China, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of raw material inflation. 
 
 36 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 Selling, General and Administrative 
 The following table summarizes selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales by operating segment: 
 December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 As a of Net Sales 2021 As a of Net Sales 2020 As a of Net Sales North America 837 7.3 860 6.9 733 6.5 EMEA 366 9.1 502 9.9 472 10.8 Latin America 272 8.7 261 8.3 233 9.0 Asia 124 11.3 151 12.2 218 17.2 Corporate/other 221 307 221 Consolidated 1,820 9.2 2,081 9.5 1,877 9.6 
 Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of consolidated net sales in 2022 decreased compared to 2021. The decrease is primarily driven by a reduction in employee compensation related costs, reductions in marketing spend, a gain from a sale -leaseback transaction, divestiture of businesses and benefits of prior restructuring actions. Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of consolidated net sales in 2021 is comparable to 2020. 
 
 Restructuring 
 We incurred restructuring charges of 21 million, 38 million and 288 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the full year 2023, we expect to incur less than 50 million of restructuring charges, similar to the past two years. 
 See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Impairment of Goodwill and Other Intangibles 
 In the second quarter of 2022, we recorded an impairment loss of 384 million related to goodwill 278 million) and other intangibles 106 million) related to the EMEA reporting unit, Indesit and Hotpoint trademarks, respectively. The primary indicators of impairment were the adverse impacts from the continuation of the Russia and Ukraine conflict resulting in economic uncertainty in the EMEA region, the divestiture of our Russia operations and other macroeconomic factors. 
 No material impairment charges of goodwill or other intangibles were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020, respectively. 
 
 See Note 6 and Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis for additional information. 
 (Gain) Loss on Sale and Disposal of Businesses 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we incurred a loss of 1,521 million related to the planned divestiture of our European major domestic appliance business. The loss includes a write-down of the net assets of 1,151 million of the disposal group to a fair value of 139 million and also includes 393 million of cumulative currency translation adjustments, 98 million release of other comprehensive loss on pension and 18 million of other transaction related costs. The net assets of the disposal group also include the EMEA trademarks, Hotpoint and Indesit , which were impaired as part of the write-down . 

Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas. 
 
 37 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 On June 27, 2022, our subsidiary Whirlpool EMEA SpA entered into a share purchase agreement with Arcelik to sell our Russian business to Arcelik for contingent consideration. On August 31, 2022, we completed the sale to Arcelik. We incurred a loss of 348 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 related to the sale of the Russia business. 
 On May 6, 2021, the partial tender offer for Whirlpool China was completed and, subsequent to the deconsolidation of the entity, we recorded a gain of 284 million in the third quarter of 2021. 
 On June 30 2021, we completed the sale of our Turkish subsidiary and incurred a loss of 164 million in the second quarter of 2021. During the third quarter of 2021, an additional loss of 13 million related to the final purchase price adjustments was recorded, increasing the total loss to 177 million. 
 See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Interest and Sundry (Income) Expense 
 Interest and sundry (income) expenses were (19) million, (159) million and (21) million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Net interest and sundry income decreased 140 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a substantial liquidation of an offshore subsidiary, resulting in a total charge of 84 million for a release of other comprehensive income on hedging and cumulative translation adjustments. The remaining decrease is primarily due to a gain of 42 million on previously held equity interest of 49 in Elica PB India recorded in the prior year. 
 Net interest and sundry income increased 138 million in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due a gain of 42 million on previously held equity interest of 49 in Elica PB India in 2021 and the higher expense of pension settlements and other postretirement benefit plans in 2020. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 190 million, 175 million and 189 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest expense increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to increase in long-term debt driven by the InSinkErator acquisition. Interest expense decreased in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to short-term debt reduction. 
 For additional information, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense was 265 million, 518 million and 382 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The change in tax expense in 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily due to overall lower level of earnings, partially offset by the impact of recorded impairments on the sale and disposal of businesses and goodwill which are not deductible, and increases in valuation allowances. 
 The increase in tax expense in 2021 compared to 2020 is primarily due to higher earnings and related tax expense, audits and settlements, partially offset by legal entity restructuring tax benefits. 
 See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 38 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 FORWARD-LOOKING PERSPECTIVE 
 Based on internal projections for the industry and broader economy, we currently estimate earnings per diluted share and industry demand for 2023 to be within the following ranges: 
 2023 Current Outlook Estimated GAAP earnings per diluted share, for the year ending December 31 16.00 18.00 Industry demand North America 
 (6) (4) EMEA (6) (4) Latin America 
 (3) (1) Asia 2 4 
 For the full-year 2023, we have incorporated our latest expectations of the following key trends in our guidance: subdued demand with gradual improvement throughout the year, strong net cost takeout actions delivering 500 million benefit, as well as raw material inflation tailwinds combined for 800- 900 million cost benefits. Our anticipated tax rate is between 14 and 16 . Additionally, we expect to generate cash from operating activities of approximately 1.4 billion and free cash flow of approximately 800 million, including restructuring cash outlays of approximately 25 million and, with respect to free cash flow, capital expenditures of approximately 600 million. 
 The table below reconciles projected 2023 cash provided by operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP to free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure. Management believes that free cash flow provides stockholders with a relevant measure of liquidity and a useful basis for assessing Whirlpool's ability to fund its activities and obligations. There are limitations to using non-GAAP financial measures, including the difficulty associated with comparing companies that use similarly named non-GAAP measures whose calculations may differ from our calculations. For 2023 we define free cash flow as cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. For additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of Management's Discussion and Analysis. 
 2023 Millions of dollars Current Outlook Cash provided by (used in) operating activities (1) 
 ~ 1,400 
 Capital expenditures ~ (600) 
 Free cash flow ~ 800 
 
 (1) Financial guidance on a GAAP basis for cash provided by (used in) financing activities and cash provided by (used in) investing activities has not been provided because in order to prepare any such estimate or projection, the Company would need to rely on market factors and certain other conditions and assumptions that are outside of its control. 
 The projections above are based on many estimates and are inherently subject to change based on future decisions made by management and the Board of Directors of Whirlpool, and significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies. 
 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) with certain non-GAAP financial measures, some of which we refer to as "ongoing" measures, including: 
 Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) 
 EBIT margin 
 Ongoing EBIT 
 Ongoing earnings per diluted share 
 
 39 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 Ongoing EBIT margin 
 Sales excluding foreign currency 
 Free cash flow 
 Gross debt leverage 
 Ongoing measures, including ongoing earnings per diluted share and ongoing EBIT, exclude items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, results from our ongoing operations and provide a better baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying businesses. EBIT margin is calculated by dividing EBIT by net sales. Sales excluding foreign currency is calculated by translating the current period net sales, in functional currency, to U.S. dollars using the prior-year period's exchange rate compared to the prior-year period net sales. Management believes that sales excluding foreign currency provides stockholders with a clearer basis to assess our results over time, excluding the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. Management believes that Gross Debt Leverage (Gross Debt/Ongoing EBITDA) provides stockholders with a clearer basis to assess the Company's ability to pay off its incurred debt. We also disclose segment EBIT, which we define as operating profit less interest and sundry (income) expense and excluding restructuring costs, asset impairment charges and certain other items, if any, that management believes are not indicative of the region's ongoing performance, as the financial metric used by the Company's Chief Operating Decision Maker to evaluate performance and allocate resources in accordance with ASC 280, Segment Reporting. 
 Management believes that free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow provides stockholders with a relevant measure of liquidity and a useful basis for assessing Whirlpool's ability to fund its activities and obligations. The Company provides free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow related metrics, such as free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow as a percentage of net sales, as long-term management goals, not an element of its annual financial guidance, and as such does not provide a reconciliation of free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow to cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for these long-term goal metrics. Any such reconciliation would rely on market factors and certain other conditions and assumptions that are outside of the Company's control. Whirlpool does not provide a non-GAAP reconciliation for its other forward looking long-term value creation and other goals, such as organic net sales, EBIT, and gross debt/Ongoing EBITDA, as such reconciliation would rely on market factors and certain other conditions and assumptions that are outside of the company s control. 
 We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide meaningful information to assist investors and stockholders in understanding our financial results and assessing our prospects for future performance, and reflect an additional way of viewing aspects of our operations that, when viewed with our GAAP financial measures, provide a more complete understanding of our business. Because non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized, it may not be possible to compare these financial measures with other companies' non-GAAP financial measures having the same or similar names. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for reported net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool, net sales, net earnings (loss) as a percentage of net sales (net earnings margin), net earnings (loss) per diluted share and cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. We strongly encourage investors and stockholders to review our financial statements and publicly filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. 

40 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 Please refer to a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures below. 
 Ongoing Earnings Before Interest Taxes (EBIT) Reconciliation: 
 in millions 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool (1) 
 (1,519) 1,783 1,075 Net earnings (loss) available to noncontrolling interests 8 23 (10) Income tax expense 265 518 382 Interest expense 190 175 189 Earnings before interest taxes (1,056) 2,499 1,636 Restructuring expense (a) 
 38 288 Impairment of goodwill, intangibles and other assets (b) 
 396 Impact of M A transactions (c) 
 1,936 (107) (7) Substantial liquidation of subsidiary (d) 
 84 (Gain) loss on previously held equity interest (e) 
 (42) Product warranty and liability (income) expense (f) 
 (9) (30) Corrective action recovery (g) 
 (14) Sale-leaseback, real estate and receivable adjustments (h) 
 (113) Ongoing EBIT (2) 
 1,360 2,379 1,760 
 (1) Net earnings margin is approximately (7.7) , 8.1 and 5.5 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is calculated by dividing net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool by consolidated net sales for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Ongoing EBIT margin is approximately 6.9 , 10.8 and 9.0 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Ongoing EBIT margin is calculated by dividing Ongoing EBIT by consolidated net sales for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Ongoing Earnings Per Diluted Share Reconciliation: Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Earnings per diluted share (27.18) 28.36 Restructuring expense (a) 
 0.61 Impairment of goodwill and other intangibles (b) 
 7.08 Impact of M A transactions (c) 
 34.63 (1.69) Substantial liquidation of subsidiary (d) 
 1.51 (Gain) loss on previously held equity interest (e) 
 (0.50) Product warranty and liability (income) expense (f) 
 (0.14) Income tax impact (1.89) 0.41 Normalized tax rate adjustment (i) 
 5.69 (0.46) Share count adjustment (j) 
 (0.20) Ongoing earnings per diluted share 19.64 26.59 

41 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 Throughout 2021 and comparable periods, the Company defined adjusted free cash flow as cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures and including proceeds from the sale of assets/businesses, and changes in restricted cash. Starting in 2022, the Company presents free cash flow which is cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures. Adjusted free cash flow of 1,963 million and 1,246 million in 2021 and 2020 has been restated to 1,651 million and 1,091 million free cash flow measure, respectively, to conform with current year presentation. 
 Free Cash Flow (FCF) Reconciliation: 
 in millions 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 as adjusted as adjusted Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 1,390 2,176 1,500 Capital expenditures (570) (525) (410) Free cash flow 820 1,651 1,090 Cash provided by (used in) investing activities (3,568) (660) (237) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1,206 (1,339) (253) 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow (FCF) Reconciliation: 
 in millions 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 2,176 1,500 Capital Expenditures (525) (410) Proceeds from sale of assets and business 302 166 Change in restricted cash 10 (10) Adjusted free cash flow 1,963 1,246 Cash provided by (used in) investing activities (660) (237) Cash provided by (used in) financings activities (1,339) (253) 
 Footnotes 
 (a) RESTRUCTURING COSTS - In 2022, and moving forward, we will only exclude restructuring actions greater than 50 million from our ongoing results. In 2021, these costs were primarily related to actions that right-size and reduce the fixed cost structure of our EMEA business and other centralized functions. In 2020, these costs were primarily related to actions that right-size and reduce the fixed cost structure of our global business, attributable primarily to the macroeconomic uncertainties caused by COVID-19. This includes costs of approximately 100 million related to restructuring in the United States and approximately 188 million related to restructuring outside of the United States, including the exit of our Naples, Italy facility. 
 (b) IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL, INTANGIBLES AND OTHER ASSETS - During the second quarter of 2022, the carrying value of the EMEA reporting unit and Indesit and Hotpoint trademarks exceeded their fair values resulting in an impairment charge of 384 million which is recorded within Impairment of goodwill and other intangibles. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2022 we recognized an impairment charge of 12M related to equity method investment in Brazil which is recorded within Equity method investment income (loss), net of tax. Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas. 
 
 42 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 (c) IMPACT OF M A TRANSACTIONS - On January 16, 2023, we signed a contribution agreement to contribute our European major domestic appliance business into a newly formed entity with Ar elik. In connection with the transaction, the Company recorded a non-cash loss on disposal of 1,521 million in the fourth-quarter of 2022. The loss includes a write-down of the net assets of 1,151 million of the disposal group to a fair value of 139 million and also includes 393 million of cumulative currency translation adjustments, 98 million release of other comprehensive loss on pension and 18 million of other transaction related costs. Whirlpool s European major domestic appliance business met the criteria for held-for-sale accounting during the fourth-quarter of 2022 and will be included in the Company s results until closing of the transaction. 
 During the second quarter of 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our Russia business. We classified this disposal group as held for sale and recorded an impairment loss of 346 million for the write-down of the assets to their fair value. During the third quarter of 2022, the loss from disposal was adjusted by an immaterial amount resulting in a final loss amount of 348 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Additionally, during the fourth-quarter 2022, we incurred unique transaction related costs of 25 million related to portfolio transformation for a total of 67 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. These transaction costs are recorded in Selling, General and Administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). 
 On May 17, 2021, our subsidiary entered into a share purchase agreement to sell its Turkish subsidiary to Ar elik. As part of the agreement, Ar elik assumed responsibility for operating the manufacturing site in Manisa, Turkey, following closing. The transaction closed on June 30, 2021. In connection with the closing of the transaction, we received cash proceeds of 93 million and recognized a loss on sale of 164 million. During the third quarter of 2021, amounts for working capital and other customary post-closing adjustments were finalized and an additional 13 million loss related to the sale of business was recorded. 
 On March 31, 2021, Galanz launched its partial tender offer for majority ownership of Whirlpool China. Our subsidiary tendered approximately 31 of Whirlpool China's outstanding shares in the tender offer, with the remainder representing a noncontrolling interest of approximately 20 in Whirlpool China. The transaction closed on May 6, 2021. In connection with the closing of the transaction, we received cash proceeds of 193 million and recognized a gain on sale of 284 million. 
 The net impact realized for gain on sale and disposal of Turkey and China businesses included in the income statement for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 is 105 million. 
 (d) SUBSTANTIAL LIQUIDATION OF SUBSIDIARY - During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company liquidated an offshore subsidiary and recorded a one-time charge of 84 million for a release of the other comprehensive income on hedging and cumulative translation adjustments. 
 (e) (GAIN) LOSS ON PREVIOUSLY HELD EQUITY INTEREST - During the third quarter of 2021, Whirlpool Corporation acquired an additional 38 equity interest in Elica PB India Private Limited (Elica PB India) for 57 million, which resulted in a controlling equity ownership of approximately 87 . The previously held equity interest of 49 in Elica PB India was remeasured at fair value of 74 million on the acquisition date, which resulted in a gain of 42 million. This gain was recorded within Interest sundry (income) expense during the third quarter. The earnings per diluted share impact is calculated net of minority interest. 
 (f) PRODUCT WARRANTY AND LIABILITY (INCOME) EXPENSE - During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company released an accrual of approximately 30 million related to an EMEA-produced washer recall campaign. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company further released an accrual of approximately 9 million. These adjustments were made based on our revised expectations regarding future period cash expenditures for the campaign. 
 (g) CORRECTIVE ACTION RECOVERY - The Company recorded a benefit of 13 million in the third quarter of 2020 and 1 million in the fourth quarter of 2020 related to a vendor recovery in our EMEA-produced washer corrective action. 
 
 43 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 (h) SALE-LEASEBACK, REAL ESTATE AND RECEIVABLE ADJUSTMENTS - In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company sold and leased back a group of properties for net proceeds of approximately 139 million. The transaction met the requirements for sale leaseback accounting. In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company recorded the sale of the properties, which resulted in a pre-tax gain of approximately 113 million. 
 (i) NORMALIZED TAX RATE ADJUSTMENT - During the full-year of 2021, the Company calculated ongoing earnings per share using an adjusted tax rate of 23.5 . During the full-year of 2022, the Company calculated ongoing earnings per share using an adjusted tax rate of 4.4 , which excludes the impacts of the non-tax deductible loss on sale of the Russia business of 348 million and impairment of goodwill of 278 million recorded in the second quarter of 2022, along with the impact of M A transactions of approximately 1.5 billion recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 (j) NORMALIZED SHARE COUNT ADJUSTMENT - As a result of our current period GAAP earnings loss, the impact of antidilutive shares was excluded from the loss per share calculation on a GAAP basis. The share count adjustment used in the calculation of the full-year ongoing earnings per diluted share includes basic shares outstanding of 55.9 million plus the impact of antidilutive shares of 0.6 million which were excluded on a GAAP basis. 
 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY 
 Our objective is to finance our business through operating cash flow and the appropriate mix of long-term and short-term debt. By diversifying the maturity structure, we avoid concentrations of debt, reducing liquidity risk. We have varying needs for short-term working capital financing as a result of the nature of our business. We regularly review our capital structure and liquidity priorities, which include funding innovation and growth through capital, research and development expenditures as well as opportunistic mergers and acquisitions; and providing returns to shareholders through dividends, share repurchases and maintaining our strong investment grade rating. 
 The Company believes that free cash flow provides stockholders with a relevant measure of liquidity and a useful basis for assessing Whirlpool's ability to fund its activities and obligations. Whirlpool has historically been able to leverage its strong free cash flow generation to fund our operations, pay for any debt servicing costs and allocate capital for reinvestment in our business, funding share repurchases and dividend payments. 
 Our short term potential uses of liquidity include funding our ongoing capital spending, restructuring activities, and returns to shareholders. We also have 248 million of term debt maturing in the next twelve months, and are currently evaluating our options in connection with this maturing debt, which may include repayment through refinancing, free cash flow generation or cash on hand. 
 The Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 2.0 billion at December 31, 2022, of which 64 was held by subsidiaries in foreign countries. For each of its foreign subsidiaries, the Company makes an assertion regarding the amount of earnings intended for permanent reinvestment, with the balance available to be repatriated to the United States. The cash held by foreign subsidiaries for permanent reinvestment is generally used to finance the subsidiaries' operational activities and expected future foreign investments. Our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the United States and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate the cash to fund our U.S. operations. However, if these funds were repatriated, we would be required to accrue and pay applicable United States taxes (if any) and withholding taxes payable to various countries. It is not practical to estimate the amount of the deferred tax liability associated with the repatriation of cash due to the complexity of its hypothetical calculation. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had cash or cash equivalents greater than 1 of our consolidated assets in the United States, Brazil, Mexico, Switzerland and India which represented 4.1 , 1.7 , 1.3 , 1.3 and 1.2 , respectively. In addition, we had third-party accounts receivable outside of the United States greater than 1 of our consolidated assets in Brazil, which represented 1.3 . We continue to monitor general financial instability and uncertainty globally. 
 
 44 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 Notes payable consists of short-term borrowings payable to banks and commercial paper, which are generally used to fund working capital requirements. At December 31, 2022, we had 4 million of notes payable outstanding. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 We monitor the credit ratings and market indicators of credit risk of our lending, depository, derivative counterparty banks and customers regularly, and take certain action to manage credit risk. We diversify our deposits and investments in short-term cash equivalents to limit the concentration of exposure by counterparty. We also continue to review customer conditions globally. 
 In the past, when faced with a potential volume reduction from any one particular segment of our trade distribution network, we generally have been able to offset such declines through increased sales throughout our broad distribution network. 
 For additional information on transfers and servicing of financial assets, accounts payable outsourcing and guarantees, see Note 1 and Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 For additional information about our share repurchase program, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 We met our cash needs during 2022 through cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents, and financing arrangements. Our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at December 31, 2022 decreased 1,086 million compared to the same period in 2021. 
 The following table summarizes the net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash for the periods presented. Significant drivers of changes in our cash and cash equivalents balance during 2022 are discussed below: 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 Millions of dollars 2022 2021 2020 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 1,390 2,176 1,500 Investing activities (3,568) (660) (237) Financing activities 1,206 (1,339) (253) Effect of exchange rate changes (20) (67) (28) Less: decrease in cash classified as held for sale (94) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1,086) 110 982 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities in 2022 decreased compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by reduced cash earnings partially offset by the favorable cash impact of improved working capital and hedge settlements in the current period. 
 Cash provided by operating activities in 2021 increased compared to 2020. The increase was primarily driven by strong cash earnings partially offset by working capital initiatives. The improvement in working capital was driven by increased accounts payable due to raw material inflation, partially offset by increased inventory due to higher input costs and a modest inventory build. 
 The timing of cash flows from operations varies significantly throughout the year primarily due to changes in production levels, sales patterns, promotional programs, funding requirements, credit management, as well as receivable and payment terms. Depending on the timing of cash flows, the 
 
 45 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 location of cash balances, as well as the liquidity requirements of each country, external sources of funding are used to support working capital requirements. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 The increase in cash used in investing activities during 2022 primarily reflects the 3 billion cash outflow for the purchase of InSinkErator business. 
 The increase in cash provided by investing activities during 2021 primarily reflects the cash impacts from the divestiture of Whirlpool China (approximately 341 million) and our Turkey manufacturing subsidiary (approximately 52 million) as well as an increase in capital expenditures (approximately 115 million). 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 The increase in cash provided by financing activities during 2022 primarily reflects the proceeds 2.5 billion) from borrowings of long-term debt related to InSinkErator acquisition. 
 The increase in cash used in financing activities during 2021 primarily reflects lower debt issuance proceeds (approximately 733 million) along with higher share repurchases (approximately 920 million) partially offset by lower repayments of long-term debt (increase of approximately 273 million) net effect of reduced short-term debt (increase of approximately 330 million). 
 Dividends paid in financing activities were 390 million, 338 million, and 311 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Financing Arrangements 
 The Company had total committed credit facilities of approximately 6.2 billion and 3.7 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The facilities are geographically diverse and reflect the Company's global operations. The Company believes these facilities are sufficient to support its global operations. We had 2.5 billion drawn on the committed credit facilities at December 31, 2022 which were used to fund the InSinkErator acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2022. We had no borrowings outstanding under the committed credit facilities at December 31, 2021. 
 See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Other material obligations include off-balance sheet arrangements arising in the normal course of business. They primarily consist of agreements we enter into with financial institutions to issue bank guarantees, letters of credit and surety bonds. These agreements are primarily associated with unresolved tax matters in Brazil, as is customary under local regulations, and other governmental obligations and debt agreements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had approximately 401 million and 294 million outstanding under these agreements, respectively. 
 Additionally, we have material contractual obligations. They primarily consist of long-term debt obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations, taxes, United States and foreign pension plans and other postretirement benefits. See Notes 1, 3, 7-10 and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Dividends 
 In February 2022, our Board of Directors approved a 25.0 increase in our quarterly dividend on our common stock to 1.75 per share from 1.40 per share representing the 10th consecutive year of increased dividends. 
 
 46 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of financial statements, in conformity with GAAP, requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. We periodically evaluate these estimates and assumptions, which are based on historical experience, forecasted events, changes in the business environment and other factors that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 Accounting for pensions and other postretirement benefits involves estimating the costs of future benefits and attributing the cost over the employee's expected period of employment. The determination of our obligation and expense for these costs requires the use of certain assumptions. Those key assumptions include the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, life expectancy, and health care cost trend rates. These assumptions are subject to change based on interest rates on high quality bonds and stock, and medical cost inflation. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and therefore, generally affect our recognized expense and accrued liability in such future periods. While we believe that our assumptions are appropriate given current economic conditions and actual experience, significant differences in results or significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and related future expense. 
 Our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations at December 31, 2022 and preliminary retirement benefit costs for 2023 were prepared using the assumptions that were determined as of December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes the sensitivity of our December 31, 2022 retirement obligations and 2023 retirement benefit costs of our United States plans to changes in the key assumptions used to determine those results: 
 Estimated increase (decrease) in Millions of dollars Percentage Change 2023 Expense 
 PBO/APBO (1) 
 for 2022 
 United States Pension Plans Discount rate +/-50bps 1/(1) (89)/97 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets +/-50bps (12)/12 United States Other Postretirement Benefit Plan Discount rate +/-50bps 0/0 (3)/4 
 (1) Projected benefit obligation (PBO) for pension plans and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (APBO) for other postretirement benefit plans. 
 These sensitivities may not be appropriate to use for other years' financial results. Furthermore, the impact of assumption changes outside of the ranges shown above may not be approximated by using the above results. For additional information about our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 47 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 Income Taxes 
 We estimate our income taxes in each of the taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. This involves estimating actual current tax expense together with assessing any temporary differences resulting from the different treatment of certain items, such as the timing for recognizing expenses, for tax and accounting purposes. These differences may result in deferred tax assets or liabilities, which are included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We are required to assess the likelihood that deferred tax assets, which include net operating loss carryforwards, general business credits and deductible temporary differences, will be realizable in future years. Realization of our net operating loss and general business credit deferred tax assets is supported by specific tax planning strategies and, where possible, considers projections of future profitability. If recovery is not more likely than not, we provide a valuation allowance based on estimates of future taxable income in the various taxing jurisdictions, for the amount of deferred taxes that are ultimately realizable. If future taxable income is lower than expected or if tax planning strategies are not available as anticipated, we may record additional valuation allowances through income tax expense in the period such determination is made. Likewise, if we determine that we are able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of net recorded amounts, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset will benefit income tax expense in the period such determination is made. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had total deferred tax assets of 2.6 billion and 3.0 billion, respectively, net of valuation allowances of 412 million and 195 million, respectively. The Company has established tax planning strategies and transfer pricing policies to provide sufficient future taxable income to realize these deferred tax assets. Our income tax expense has fluctuated considerably over the last five years. The tax expense has been influenced primarily by foreign tax credits, audit settlements and adjustments, tax planning strategies, enacted legislation, and dispersion of global income. Future changes in the effective tax rate will be subject to several factors, including business profitability, tax planning strategies, and enacted tax laws. 
 We have various tax filings with applicable jurisdictions to defend our positions with regards to the timing and amount of deductions and credits as well as the allocation of income across various jurisdictions. We regularly inventory, evaluate and measure all uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken to ensure the timely recording of liabilities for tax positions that may not be sustained or may only be partially sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities. We believe that our estimates and judgements with respect to uncertain tax positions are reasonable and accurate at the time they are developed. However, actual results may differ due to unforeseen future events and circumstances. If one or more of the applicable taxing authorities were to successfully challenge our right to realize some or all of the tax benefits we have recorded, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 In addition, we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to audit in these jurisdictions. These audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and could result in outcomes that are unfavorable to the Company. For additional information about income taxes, see Note 1, Note 8 and Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Warranty Obligations 
 The estimation of warranty obligations is determined in the same period that revenue from the sale of the related products is recognized. The warranty obligation is based on historical experience and represents our best estimate of expected costs at the time products are sold. Warranty accruals are adjusted for known or anticipated warranty claims as new information becomes available. New product launches require a greater use of judgment in developing estimates until historical experience becomes available. Future events and circumstances could materially change our estimates and require adjustments to the warranty obligations. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, warranty expense as a percentage of consolidated net sales approximated 1.4 and 1.5 , respectively. For additional information about warranty obligations, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 48 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangibles 
 Certain business acquisitions have resulted in the recording of goodwill and trademark assets which are not amortized. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had goodwill of approximately 3.3 billion and 2.5 billion, respectively. The increase in goodwill in 2022 was driven by the InSinkErator acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2022, partially offset by full impairment of EMEA goodwill in the second quarter of 2022. We have trademark assets with a carrying value of approximately 3.0 billion and 1.9 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The trademark assets increase in 2022 was driven by the InSinkErator acquisition, partially offset by EMEA trademarks that were partially impaired in the second quarter of 2022 and subsequently classified as held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The InSinkErator acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting. On the acquisition date, we recognized the separately identifiable intangible assets based on the preliminary purchase price allocation. The excess of the consideration transferred over the fair values assigned to the net identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired business was recognized as goodwill. For additional information, see Notes 11 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We perform our annual impairment assessment for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets as of October 1 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. We consider qualitative factors to assess if it is more likely than not that the fair value for goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets is below the carrying amount. We may also elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative assessment. 
 In conducting a qualitative assessment, the Company analyzes a variety of events or factors that may influence the fair value of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible, including, but not limited to: the results of prior quantitative assessments performed; changes in the carrying amount of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible; actual and projected revenue and EBIT margin; relevant market data for both the Company and its peer companies; industry outlooks; macroeconomic conditions; liquidity; changes in key personnel; and the Company's competitive position. Significant judgment is used to evaluate the totality of these events and factors to make the determination of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible is less than its carrying value. 
 For our annual impairment assessment as of October 1, 2022, the Company performed a qualitative impairment assessment for goodwill and elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative assessment to evaluate certain brand trademarks. The Company elected to perform a qualitative assessment on the other indefinite-lived intangible assets noting no events that indicated that the fair value was less than the carrying value that would require a quantitative impairment assessment. 
 Goodwill Valuations 
 In 2022, we evaluated goodwill using a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we determine that the fair value of the reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount, a goodwill impairment test is performed to identify potential impairment. The goodwill impairment test compares a reporting unit s fair value to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, then a goodwill impairment loss is measured at the amount by which a reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. Otherwise, we conclude that no impairment is indicated and and no further testing is required. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no impairment loss is measured. 
 In conducting a qualitative assessment, the Company analyzes a variety of events or factors that may influence the fair value of the reporting unit, including, but not limited to: the results of prior quantitative tests performed; changes in the carrying amount of the reporting unit; actual and projected operating results; relevant market data for both the company and its peer companies; 
 
 49 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 industry outlooks; macroeconomic conditions; liquidity; changes in key personnel; and the Company's competitive position. Significant judgment is used to evaluate the totality of these events and factors to make the determination of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. 
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Valuations 
 In performing a quantitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill, primarily trademarks, we estimate the fair value of these intangible assets using the relief-from-royalty method which requires assumptions related to projected revenues from our annual long-range plan; assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the trademark; and a market participant discount rate based on a weighted-average cost of capital. If the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value, we would recognize an impairment loss. 
 The estimates of future cash flows used in determining the fair value of intangible assets involve significant management judgment and are based upon assumptions about expected future operating performance, economic conditions, market conditions and cost of capital. Inherent in estimating the future cash flows are uncertainties beyond our control, such as changes in capital markets. The actual cash flows could differ materially from management's estimates due to changes in business conditions, operating performance and economic conditions. In performing the quantitative assessment on these assets, significant assumptions used in our relief-from-royalty model included revenue growth rates, assumed royalty rates and the discount rate, which are discussed further below. 
 Revenue growth rates relate to projected revenues from our financial planning and analysis process and vary from brand to brand. Adverse changes in the operating environment or our inability to grow revenues at the forecasted rates may result in a material impairment charge. 
 In determining royalty rates for the valuation of our trademarks, we considered factors that affect the assumed royalty rates that would hypothetically be paid by a market participant for the use of trademarks. The most significant factors in determining the assumed royalty rates include the overall role and importance of the trademarks in the particular industry, the profitability of the products utilizing the trademarks, and the position of the trademarked products in the given product category. 
 In developing discount rates for the valuation of our trademarks, we used a market participant discount rate based on a weighted-average cost of capital, adjusted for higher relative level of risks associated with doing business in other countries, as applicable, as well as the higher relative levels of risks associated with intangible assets. 
 If actual results are not consistent with management's estimate and assumptions, a material impairment charge of our trademarks could occur, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Maytag trademark 
 Our Maytag trademark is at risk at December 31, 2022. The fair value of the Maytag trademark exceeded its carrying value of 1,021 million by approximately 6 . We expect future fiscal year revenues for this brand to improve as we recover from temporary volume loss and continue to execute our brand leadership strategy and benefit from our new product investments. 
 A 10 reduction of forecasted Maytag revenues would result in an impairment charge of approximately 49 million. 
 We determined a royalty rate of 4 for the Maytag trademark, noting that a 50 basis point reduction of the royalty rate would result in an impairment charge of approximately 75 million. 
 We determined a discount rate of 10.25 for Maytag, noting that a 50 basis point increase in the discount rate would result in an impairment charge of approximately 9 million. 
 
 50 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 JennAir trademark 
 Our JennAir trademark is at risk at December 31, 2022. The fair value of the JennAir trademark exceeded its carrying value of 304 million by approximately 8 . 
 A 10 reduction of forecasted JennAir revenues would result in an impairment charge of approximately 9 million. 
 We determined a royalty rate of 6 for JennAir , noting that a 50 basis point reduction of the royalty rate would result in an impairment charge of approximately 3 million. 
 We determined a discount rate of 11.25 for JennAir , noting that a 50 basis point increase in the discount rate would reduce the fair value of the trademark to breakeven with its carrying value. 
 Other indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 Based on our quantitative impairment assessment as of May 31, 2022, the carrying values of the Hotpoint and Indesit trademarks exceeded their fair values by 36 million and 70 million, respectively, and we recorded intangible impairment charges for these amounts during the second quarter of 2022. The remaining carrying values of the Hotpoint and Indesit trademarks were included in the European major domestic appliance disposal group which was classified as held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The fair values of all other trademarks exceeded their carrying values by an amount sufficient to not be deemed "at risk". There were no other impairments of indefinite-lived intangible assets in 2022 or 2021. 
 For additional information about goodwill and indefinite-life intangible valuations, see Note 6 and Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 For additional information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 OTHER MATTERS 
 For additional information regarding certain of our loss contingencies/litigation, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Unfavorable outcomes in these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements in any particular reporting period. 
 Antidumping and Safeguard Petition 
 As previously reported, Whirlpool filed petitions in 2011 and 2015 alleging that Samsung, LG and Electrolux violated U.S. and international trade laws by dumping large residential washers into the U.S. Those petitions resulted in orders imposing antidumping duties on certain large residential washers imported from South Korea, Mexico, and China, and countervailing duties on certain large residential washers from South Korea. In March 2019, the order covering certain large residential washers from Mexico was extended for an additional five years, while the order covering certain large residential washers from South Korea was revoked. In August 2022, the order covering certain large residential washers from China was extended for an additional five years. The order is subject to administrative reviews, possible appeals, and other potential modifications. 

Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas. 
 
 51 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 Whirlpool also filed a safeguard petition in May 2017 to address our concerns that Samsung and LG were evading U.S. trade laws by moving production from countries covered by antidumping orders. A safeguard remedy went into effect in February 2018, implementing tariffs on finished large residential washers and certain covered parts for three years. The remedy expired in accordance with its terms and as scheduled in February 2023. 
 Raw Materials and Global Economy 
 The current domestic and international political environment have contributed to uncertainty surrounding the future state of the global economy. We have experienced raw material inflation in certain prior years based on the impact of U.S. tariffs and other global macroeconomic factors. Due to many factors beyond our control, including the conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions, COVID-related shutdowns and government actions in China, we expect to continue to be impacted by the following factors: a global shortage of certain components, such as semiconductors, a strain on raw material and input cost inflation, all of which began easing towards the end of 2022, but are expected to continue throughout the first half of 2023. This could require us to modify our current business practices, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements in any particular reporting period. In addition, we are pursuing a business interruption insurance claim related to the 2021 Texas freeze, amounts related to which could be a material gain in a future period. 
 
 52 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. Certain statements contained in this quarterly report, including those within the forward-looking perspective section within the Management's Discussion and Analysis section, and other written and oral statements made from time to time by us or on our behalf do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. As such, they are considered "forward-looking statements" which provide current expectations or forecasts of future events. Such statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as "may," "could," "will," "should," "possible," "plan," "predict," "forecast," "potential," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "believe," "may impact," "on track," "guarantee," "seek," and the negative of these words and words and terms of similar substance. Our forward-looking statements generally relate to our growth strategies, financial results, product development, and sales efforts. These forward-looking statements should be considered with the understanding that such statements involve a variety of risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, and may be affected by inaccurate assumptions. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual results may vary materially. 
 This document contains forward-looking statements about Whirlpool Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries ("Whirlpool") that speak only as of this date. Whirlpool disclaims any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements in this document may include, but are not limited to, statements regarding future financial results, long-term value creation goals, restructuring expectations, productivity, raw material prices and related costs, supply chain, transaction-related closing and synergies expectations, asset impairment, litigation, ESG efforts, and the impact of COVID-19 and the Russia/Ukraine conflict on our operations. Many risks, contingencies and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from Whirlpool's forward-looking statements. Among these factors are: (1) intense competition in the home appliance industry reflecting the impact of both new and established global competitors, including Asian and European manufacturers, and the impact of the changing retail environment, including direct-to-consumer sales; (2) Whirlpool's ability to maintain or increase sales to significant trade customers; (3) Whirlpool's ability to maintain its reputation and brand image; (4) the ability of Whirlpool to achieve its business objectives and leverage its global operating platform, and accelerate the rate of innovation; (5) Whirlpool s ability to understand consumer preferences and successfully develop new products; (6) Whirlpool's ability to obtain and protect intellectual property rights; (7) acquisition, divestiture, and investment-related risks, including risks associated with our past acquisitions; (8) the ability of suppliers of critical parts, components and manufacturing equipment to deliver sufficient quantities to Whirlpool in a timely and cost-effective manner; (9) COVID-19 pandemic-related business disruptions and economic uncertainty; (10) Whirlpool's ability to navigate risks associated with our presence in emerging markets; (11) risks related to our international operations, including changes in foreign regulations; (12) Whirlpool's ability to respond to unanticipated social, political and/or economic events; (13) information technology system failures, data security breaches, data privacy compliance, network disruptions, and cybersecurity attacks; (14) product liability and product recall costs; (15) our ability to attract, develop and retain executives and other qualified employees; (16) the impact of labor relations; (17) fluctuations in the cost of key materials (including steel, resins, base metals) and components and the ability of Whirlpool to offset cost increases; (18) Whirlpool's ability to manage foreign currency fluctuations; (19) impacts from goodwill impairment and related charges; (20) triggering events or circumstances impacting the carrying value of our long-lived assets; (21) inventory and other asset risk; (22) health care cost trends, regulatory changes and variations between results and estimates that could increase future funding obligations for pension and postretirement benefit plans; (23) litigation, tax, and legal compliance risk and costs, especially if materially different from the amount we expect to incur or have accrued for, and any disruptions caused by the same; (24) the effects and costs of governmental investigations or related actions by third parties; (25) changes in the legal and regulatory environment including environmental, health and safety regulations, data privacy, and taxes and tariffs; (26) Whirlpool's ability to respond to the impact of climate change and climate change regulation; and (27) the uncertain global economy and changes in economic conditions which affect demand for our products. 
 
 53 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED) 

 We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, and investors are advised to review disclosures in our filings with the SEC. It is not possible to foresee or identify all factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historic results. Therefore, investors should not consider the foregoing factors to be an exhaustive statement of all risks, uncertainties, or factors that could potentially cause actual results to differ from forward-looking statements. 
 Additional information concerning these and other factors can be found in "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of this report. 
 
 54 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 MARKET RISK 
 We have in place an enterprise risk management process that involves systematic risk identification and mitigation covering the categories of enterprise, strategic, financial, operational and compliance and reporting risks. The enterprise risk management process receives Board of Directors and management oversight, drives risk mitigation decision-making and is fully integrated into our internal audit planning and execution cycle. 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, domestic and foreign interest rates, and commodity prices, which can affect our operating results and overall financial condition. We manage exposure to these risks through our operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivatives. Derivatives are viewed as risk management tools and are not used for speculation or for trading purposes. Derivatives are generally contracted with a diversified group of investment grade counterparties to reduce exposure to nonperformance on such instruments. 
 We use foreign currency forward contracts, currency options, currency swaps and cross-currency swaps to hedge the price risk associated with firmly committed and forecasted cross-border payments and receipts related to ongoing business and operational financing activities. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our most significant foreign currency exposures related to the Brazilian Real, Canadian Dollar and British Pound. We may also use forward or option contracts to hedge our investment in the net assets of certain international subsidiaries to offset foreign currency translation adjustments related to our net investment in those subsidiaries. These foreign currency contracts are sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. At December 31, 2022, a 10 favorable or unfavorable exchange rate movement in each currency in our portfolio of foreign currency contracts would have resulted in an incremental unrealized gain of approximately 258 million or loss of approximately 267 million, respectively. Consistent with the use of these contracts to mitigate the effect of exchange rate fluctuations, such unrealized losses or gains would be offset by corresponding gains or losses, respectively, in the re-measurement of the underlying exposures. 
 We enter into interest rate swap and cross-currency swap agreements to manage our exposure to interest rate risk from probable long-term debt issuances or cross-currency debt. At December 31, 2022, a 100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would have resulted in an incremental unrealized gain of approximately 4 million or unrealized loss of approximately 5 million, respectively, related to these contracts. 
 We enter into commodity swap contracts to hedge the price risk associated with firmly committed and forecasted commodities purchases, the prices of which are not fixed directly through supply contracts. At December 31, 2022, a 10 favorable or unfavorable shift in commodity prices would have resulted in an incremental gain or loss of approximately 18 million, respectively, related to these contracts. 
 There is no material change to market risk exposure other than foreign exchange, which is attributable to a change in the size of the derivative portfolio year over year. For additional information, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 55 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 58 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 61 
 
 PAGE NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1 Significant Accounting Policies 
 62 
 2 Revenue Recognition 
 70 
 3 Leases 
 75 
 4 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 77 
 5 Inventories 
 77 
 6 Goodwill and Other Intangibles 
 78 
 7 Financing Arrangements 
 81 
 8 Commitments and Contingencies 
 84 
 9 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 87 
 10 Hedges and Derivative Financial Instruments 
 96 
 11 Fair Value Measurements 
 100 
 12 Stockholders' Equity 
 102 
 13 Share-Based Incentive Plans 
 104 
 14 Restructuring Charges 
 106 
 15 Income Taxes 
 107 
 16 Segment Information 
 112 
 17 Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 115 

Report of independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 135 

56 

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 (Millions of dollars, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Expenses Cost of products sold Gross margin Selling, general and administrative Intangible amortization Restructuring costs Impairment of goodwill and other intangibles (Gain) loss on sale and disposal of businesses ) ) Operating profit (loss) ) Other (income) expense Interest and sundry (income) expense ) ) ) Interest expense Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) Equity method investment income (loss), net of tax ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) Less: Net earnings (loss) available to noncontrolling interests ) Net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool ) Per share of common stock Basic net earnings available to Whirlpool ) Diluted net earnings available to Whirlpool ) Weighted-average shares outstanding (in millions) Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 57 

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 (Millions of dollars) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Derivative instruments: Net gain (loss) arising during period ) Less: reclassification adjustment for gain (loss) included in net earnings (loss) ) Derivative instruments, net Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans: Prior service (cost) credit arising during period Net gain (loss) arising during period ) ) Less: amortization of prior service credit (cost) and actuarial (loss) ) ) ) Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans, net ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) Income tax benefit (expense) related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Less: comprehensive income (loss), available to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income (loss) available to Whirlpool ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 58 

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 At December 31, 
 (Millions of dollars) 
 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Right of use assets Goodwill Other intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Deferred income taxes Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued advertising and promotions Employee compensation Notes payable Current maturities of long-term debt Other current liabilities Liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Long-term debt Pension benefits Postretirement benefits Lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities Stockholders' equity Common stock, par value, million shares authorized, million and million shares issued, respectively, and million and million shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, million and million shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total Whirlpool stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 59 

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 (Millions of dollars) 
 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net earnings (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill and other intangibles (Gain) loss on sale and disposal of businesses ) ) (Gain) loss on previously held equity interest ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued advertising and promotions ) ) Accrued expenses and current liabilities ) Taxes deferred and payable, net Accrued pension and postretirement benefits ) ) ) Employee compensation ) Other ) Cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets and businesses Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Cash held by divested businesses ) ) Other Cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Net proceeds from borrowings of long-term debt Net proceeds (repayments) of long-term debt ) ) ) Net proceeds (repayments) from short-term borrowings ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Common stock issued Other ) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) ) Less: decrease in cash classified as held for sale ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 60 

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Year ended December 31, 
 (Millions of dollars) 
 Whirlpool Stockholders' Equity Total Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock/ Additional Paid-In-Capital Common Stock Non- Controlling Interests Balances, December 31, 2019 ) ) Comprehensive income Net earnings (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income ) ) Stock issued (repurchased) Dividends declared ) ) ) Balances, December 31, 2020 ) ) Comprehensive income Net earnings (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive income Stock issued (repurchased) ) ) Dividends declared ) ) ) Acquisitions and Divestitures ) ) Balances, December 31, 2021 ) ) Comprehensive income Net earnings ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive income ) ) Stock issued (repurchased) ) ) Dividends declared ) ) ) Acquisitions and divestitures Balances, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 61 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 (1) 
 
 countries and markets products in nearly every country around the world under brand names such as Whirlpool , KitchenAid , Maytag , Consul , Brastemp , Amana , Bauknecht , JennAir, Indesit, InSinkErator, Yummly and Hotpoint operating segments, which we define based on geography. Whirlpool Corporation's operating and reportable segments consist of North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA"); Latin America and Asia. 
 On January 16, 2023, Whirlpool entered into a contribution agreement with Ar elik A. Arcelik in alignment with Whirlpool s portfolio transformation. Under the terms of the agreement, Whirlpool will contribute its European major domestic appliance business, and Arcelik will contribute its major domestic appliance, consumer electronics, air conditioning, and small domestic appliance businesses into the newly formed entity of which Whirlpool will own and Arcelik , subject to an adjustment mechanism based on certain financial matters. Separately, Whirlpool agreed in principle to the sale of Whirlpool s Middle East and Africa business to Arcelik. These transactions are collectively referred to as the European major domestic appliance business which was classified as held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2022. Whirlpool will retain ownership of its EMEA KitchenAid small domestic appliance business. 
 The transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2023 and includes Whirlpool s production sites located in Italy, Poland, Slovakia, and the UK, as well as Ar elik s production facilities in Romania. For additional information, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 VIEs are consolidated when the company is the primary beneficiary of these entities and has the ability to directly impact the activities of these entities. Our primary business purpose and involvement with VIEs is for product development and distribution. 
 
 62 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

63 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The amount of cash proceeds received was immaterial for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Outstanding accounts receivable transferred under arrangements where the Company continues to service the transferred asset was million as of December 31, 2022. These amounts were material as of 
 
 Short-term investments are primarily comprised of money market funds and highly liquid, low risk investments with initial maturities less than 90 days. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 64 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 Level 3 liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We measured fair value for money market funds, available for sale investments and held-to-maturity securities using quoted market prices in active markets for identical or comparable assets. We measured fair value for derivative contracts, all of which have counterparties with high credit ratings, based on model driven valuations using significant inputs derived from observable market data. We also measured fair value for disposal groups held for sale based on the expected proceeds received from the sale. For assets measured at net asset values, we have unfunded commitments or significant restraints. We measured fair value (non-recurring) for goodwill and other intangibles using a discounted cash flow model and a relief-from-royalty method, respectively, with inputs based on both observable and unobservable market data. 

million associated with our European major domestic appliance business has been classified as assets held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2022. Property, plant and equipment with a net book value of million associated with our Russian business has been removed as part of the deconsolidation of the Russian operations in the third quarter of 2022. For additional information, see Notes 11 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Property, plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation of all divested businesses have been removed. For additional information, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Depreciation expense for property, including accelerated depreciation classified as restructuring expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss), was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Depreciation of our European major domestic appliance business has been suspended from December 2022 onwards due to the disposal group being classified as held for sale and measured at fair value less cost to sell. 

65 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 n/a Buildings to years 
 Machinery and equipment to years 
 Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property plant and equipment, net 
 We classify gains and losses associated with asset dispositions in the same line item as the underlying depreciation of the disposed asset in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we disposed of buildings, machinery and equipment with a net book value of million, compared to million in prior year. The net gain on the disposals is million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and was primarily driven by a sale-leaseback transaction. The net gain on the disposals was t material for the same period of 2021. 
 We record impairment losses on long-lived assets, excluding goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles, when events and circumstances indicate the assets may be impaired and the estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated by those assets are less than their carrying amounts. 
 significant impairments recorded during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For additional information, see Notes 11 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

66 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 reporting units for which we assess for impairment which also represent our operating segments and are defined as North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa; Latin America and Asia. The goodwill in any of our reporting units are not presently at risk for future impairment and a qualitative annual impairment assessment was performed in 2022. We evaluate goodwill using a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. 
 When the qualitative assessment is not utilized and a quantitative test is performed, we estimate each reporting unit's fair value using the best information available to us, including market information and discounted cash flow projections, also referred to as the income approach. The income approach uses the reporting unit's projections of estimated operating results and cash flows that are discounted using a market participant discount rate based on a weighted-average cost of capital. Additionally, we validate our estimates of fair value under the income approach by comparing the values to fair value estimates using a market approach. 
 
 For additional information, see Notes 6 and 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For additional information, see Notes 6 and 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 billion have been issued to participating financial institutions of which million of the balance issued is related to our European major domestic appliance business which has been classified as held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2022. For additional information see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. At December 31, 2021, approximately billion have been issued to participating financial institutions. 
 A downgrade in our credit rating or changes in the financial markets could limit the financial institutions willingness to commit funds to, and participate in, the programs. We do not believe such risk would have a material impact on our working capital or cash flows. 
 
 67 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about hedges and derivative financial instruments. 
 
 and totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 and totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 68 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 For additional information, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 in Whirlpool (China) Co., Ltd. (Whirlpool China), an entity which was previously controlled by the Company. We account for the remaining interest under equity method accounting and Whirlpool China and its subsidiaries continue to supply the Company in the normal course of business. Whirlpool China was also granted a license to sell Whirlpool-branded products in China. 
 Accounts payable Outstanding amounts due 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Purchases from Whirlpool China 
 The licensing revenue and outstanding accounts receivable from Whirlpool China and its subsidiaries are not material for the periods presented. 
 The Company s share of the results of equity method investments and elimination of intra-entity results are included in the Equity method investment income (loss), net of tax in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) and Other noncurrent assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 69 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 investment in Whirlpool China, based on the quoted market price, is million as of December 31, 2022. Management has concluded that there are no indicators for an other-than-temporary impairment. 
 For additional information, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Related Party Transaction 
 In 2018, Whirlpool of India Limited ("Whirlpool India"), a majority-owned subsidiary of Whirlpool Corporation, acquired a equity interest in Elica PB India for million. On September 27, 2021, Whirlpool India entered into a share purchase agreement to acquire an additional equity interest in Elica PB India for million, which resulted in a controlling equity ownership of . Following the closing of the transaction on September 29, 2021, Elica PB India is consolidated in Whirlpool Corporation's financial statements and is reported within our Asia reportable segment. The transaction resulted in a gain of approximately million on the Company s previously held equity interest. This gain was recorded within Interest and sundry (income) expense during the third quarter of 2021. 
 Goodwill of million, which is not deductible for tax purposes, arose from this transaction and is allocated to the Asia reportable segment. The allocation has been made on the basis that the anticipated synergies identified will primarily benefit this reportable segment. 
 Elica PB India is a VIE for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. The carrying amount of customer relationships, which are included in Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, amounts to million as of December 31, 2022. Other assets or liabilities of Elica PB India are not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company. 
 Both Whirlpool India and the non-controlling interest shareholders retain an option for Whirlpool India to purchase the remaining equity interest in Elica PB India for fair value, which could be material to the financial statements of the Company, depending on the performance of the business. 
 All other issued and not yet effective accounting standards are not relevant to the Company. 
 
 (2) 

70 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 Disaggregation of Revenue 

71 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 Refrigeration Cooking Dishwashing Total major product category net sales Spare parts and warranties Other Total net sales 
 Major Product Category Sales 
 Whirlpool Corporation manufactures and markets a full line of home appliances and related products and services. Our major product categories include the following: refrigeration, laundry, cooking, and dishwashing. The refrigeration product category includes refrigerators, freezers, ice makers and refrigerator water filters. The laundry product category includes laundry appliances, commercial laundry products and related laundry accessories. The cooking category includes cooking appliances and other small domestic appliances. The dishwashing product category includes dishwasher appliances and related accessories. 
 For product sales, we transfer control and recognize a sale when we ship the product from our manufacturing facility to our customer or when the customer receives the product based upon agreed shipping terms. Each unit sold is considered an independent, unbundled performance obligation. We do not have any additional performance obligations other than product sales that are material in the context of the contract. The amount of consideration we receive and revenue we recognize varies due to sales incentives and returns we offer to our customers. When we give our customers the right to return eligible products, we reduce revenue for our estimate of the expected returns which is primarily based on an analysis of historical experience. 
 Spare Parts Warranties 
 Spare parts are primarily sold to parts distributors and retailers, with a small number of sales to end consumers. For spare part sales, we transfer control and recognize a sale when we ship the product to our customer or when the customer receives product based upon agreed shipping terms. Each unit sold is considered an independent, unbundled performance obligation. We do not have any additional performance obligations other than spare part sales that are material in the context of the contract. The amount of consideration we receive and revenue we recognize varies due to sales incentives and returns we offer to our customers. When we give our customers the right to return eligible products, we reduce revenue for our estimate of the expected returns which is primarily based on an analysis of historical experience. 
 Warranties are classified as either assurance type or service type warranties. A warranty is considered an assurance type warranty if it provides the consumer with assurance that the product will function as intended. A warranty that goes above and beyond ensuring basic functionality is considered a service type warranty. The Company offers certain limited warranties that are assurance type warranties and extended service arrangements that are service type warranties. Assurance type warranties are not accounted for as separate performance obligations under the revenue model. If a service type warranty is sold with a product or separately, revenue is recognized over the life of the warranty. The Company evaluates warranty offerings in comparison to industry standards and market expectations to determine appropriate warranty classification. Industry standards and market expectations are determined by jurisdictional laws, competitor offerings and customer expectations. Market expectations and industry standards can vary based on product type and geography. The Company primarily offers assurance type warranties. 
 
 72 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

73 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 ) EMEA ) ) Latin America ) Asia ) ) ) Financing receivable allowance Latin America Consolidated ) ) 
 (1) Accounts receivable allowance of our Russian operations has been removed as part of the deconsolidation of the Russian operations in the third quarter of 2022. Additionally, accounts receivable allowance of our European major domestic appliance business has been transferred to assets held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2022. For additional information, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

74 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 (3) 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Non-cancellable operating lease commitments that had not yet commenced were million and million for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. These operating leases are expected to commence before the end of fiscal year 2023 with lease terms of up to years. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have material leases classified as financing leases. We have approximately million of non-cancellable operating lease commitments, excluding variable consideration at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 The long-term portion of the lease liabilities included in the amounts above is million as of December 31, 2022. The remainder of our lease liabilities are included in other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for operating leases was years and , respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 the cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of the liabilities and the operating cash flows was million . The right of use assets obtained in exchange for new liabilities was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021 the cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of the liabilities and the operating cash flows was million . The right of use assets obtained in exchange for new liabilities was million partially offset by million in terminations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As the Company's lease agreements normally do not provide an implicit interest rate, we apply the Company's incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of future lease payments. Relevant information used in determining the Company's incremental borrowing rate includes the duration of the lease, location of the lease, and the Company's credit risk relative to risk-free market rates. 
 
 75 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 million. The initial total annual rent for the properties is approximately million per year over an initial year lease term and is subject to annual rent increases. Under the terms of the lease agreement, the Company is responsible for all taxes, insurance and utilities and is required to adequately maintain the properties for the lease term. The Company has sequential renewal options. 
 The transaction met the requirements for sale-leaseback accounting. Accordingly, the Company recorded the sale of the properties, which resulted in a gain of approximately million million, net of tax) recorded in selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The related land and buildings were removed from property, plant and equipment, net and the appropriate right-of-use asset and lease liabilities of approximately million were recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the time of the transaction in the first quarter of 2022. 
 There were material sale-leaseback transactions in 2021. In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company sold and leased back a group of non-core properties for net proceeds of approximately million. The initial total annual rent for the properties is approximately million per year over an initial year lease term and is subject to annual rent increases. Under the terms of the lease agreement, the Company is responsible for all taxes, insurance and utilities and is required to adequately maintain the properties for the lease term. The Company has sequential renewal options. 
 The transaction met the requirements for sale-leaseback accounting. Accordingly, the Company recorded the sale of the properties, which resulted in a gain of approximately million million, net of tax) recorded in cost of products sold million) and selling, general and administrative expense million) in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. The related land and buildings were removed from property, plant and equipment, net and the appropriate right-of-use asset and lease liabilities of approximately million were recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the time of the transaction in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 Synthetic lease arrangements 
 We have a number of synthetic lease arrangements with financial institutions for non-core properties. The leases contain provisions for options to purchase, extend the original term for additional periods or return the property. As of December 31, 2022, these arrangements include residual value guarantees of up to approximately million that could potentially come due in future periods. We do not believe it is probable that any material amounts will be owed under these guarantees. Therefore, no material amounts related to the residual value guarantees are included in the lease payments used to measure the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The residual value guarantee amounted to million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 76 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

(4) 
 Restricted cash included in prepaid and other current assets Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 (5) 
 Raw materials and work in process Total inventories (1) 
 
 (1) million of inventories of the European major appliance business has been classified as assets held for sale. For additional information, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 77 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 (6) 
 Currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Divestitures and acquisitions (1) 
 ) Ending balance December 31, 2021 
 Currency translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Divestitures and acquisitions (2) 
 Impairment (3) 
 ) ) Ending balance December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) The net change in goodwill in 2021 is due to the divestiture of Turkey manufacturing entity, deconsolidation of Whirlpool China and consolidation of Elica PB India. For additional information, see Notes 1 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) Increase in goodwill is related to the purchase of InSinkErator business. For additional information, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Interim impairment assessment 
 In connection with the preparation of our Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for three months ended June 30, 2022, we identified indicators of goodwill impairment for our EMEA reporting unit, which required us to complete an interim impairment assessment. The primary indicators of impairment were the adverse impacts from the continuation of the Russia and Ukraine conflict, including the impact on demand, the divestiture of our Russian operations and other ongoing adverse macroeconomic impacts such as raw material inflation, supply chain disruption and unfavorable demand. As a result of these factors, the operating results for the three-months ended June 30, 2022 were significantly lower than expected and our expectations of attaining our long term plans for the region were delayed. 
 In performing our quantitative assessment of goodwill, we estimated the reporting unit's fair value under an income approach using a discounted cash flow model. The income approach used the reporting unit's projections of estimated operating results and cash flows that were discounted using a market participant discount rate based on the weighted-average cost of capital. The main assumptions supporting the cash flow projections include revenue growth, EBIT margins and the discount rate. The financial projections reflect management's best estimate of economic and market conditions over the projected period including forecasted revenue growth, EBIT margins, tax rate, capital expenditures, depreciation and amortization, changes in working capital requirements and the terminal growth rate. 
 Based on our interim quantitative impairment assessment as of June 30, 2022, the carrying value of the EMEA reporting unit exceeded its fair value and we recorded a goodwill impairment charge for the full amount of the goodwill's carrying value of million during the second quarter of 2022. 
 For additional information, see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 A nnual impairment assessment 
 We completed our annual test for goodwill as of October 1, 2022. The Company performed a qualitative assessment for all our reporting units and determined no impairment was indicated, other than the amounts recorded during the second quarter of 2022. 
 
 78 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 ) ) Patents and other (2) 
 ) ) Total other intangible assets, finite lives ) ) Trademarks, indefinite lives (3)(4)(5) 
 Total other intangible assets ) ) 
 (1) Customer relationships have an estimated useful life of to years. Includes million of customer relationships, net of accumulated amortization, acquired as part of InSinkErator acquisition. 
 (2) Patents and other intangibles have an estimated useful life of to years. 
 (3) Impairment loss of million and million was recorded for Indesit and Hotpoint trademarks, respectively, in the second quarter of 2022. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the remaining carrying value of million for these trademarks was classified as held for sale. 
 (4) Trademarks valued at billion were acquired as part of the InSinkErator acquisition. For additional information, see Notes 11 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (5) Includes Maytag and JennAir trademarks with carrying values of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Interim impairment assessment 
 Similarly to the review of EMEA reporting unit, and in connection with the preparation of our Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for three months ended June 30, 2022, we identified indicators of impairment associated with other intangible assets in our EMEA reporting unit, which required us to complete an interim impairment assessment. The primary indicators of impairment were the same as those identified for EMEA reporting unit and resulted in the actual revenues for the three-months ended June 30, 2022 being significantly lower than forecasted for Indesit and Hotpoint trademarks. 
 In performing our quantitative assessment of other intangible assets, primarily trademarks, we estimate the fair value using the relief-from-royalty method which requires assumptions related to projected revenues from our long-range plans; assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the trademark; and a discount rate using a market-based weighted-average cost of capital. Based on our interim quantitative impairment assessment as of June 30, 2022, the carrying value of certain other intangible assets, including Indesit and Hotpoint , exceeded their fair value, and we recorded an impairment charge of million during the second quarter of 2022. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 The estimates of future cash flows used in determining the fair value of goodwill and intangible assets involve significant management judgment and are based upon assumptions about expected future operating performance, economic conditions, market conditions and cost of capital. Inherent in estimating the future cash flows are uncertainties beyond our control, such as changes in capital markets. The actual cash flows could differ materially from management's estimates due to changes in business conditions, operating performance and economic conditions. 
 Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas. 
 
 79 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 million for the write-down of the disposal group to its estimated fair value of million. The loss from the transaction includes the remaining carrying values of Hotpoint and Indesit trademarks for million and million, respectively, and write-down of other intangible assets of million. See Note 11 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 We completed our annual impairment assessment for other intangible assets as of October 1, 2021. The Company elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative assessment to evaluate certain indefinite-lived intangible assets. Based on the results of the quantitative assessment, we determined there was no impairment of intangible assets. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 

Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas. 
 
 80 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 (7) 
 , maturing 2022 
 Senior Note - , maturing 2023 
 Senior Note - , maturing 2024 
 Term Loan - SOFR + bps, maturing 2024 
 Term Loan - SOFR + bps, maturing 2025 
 Senior Note - , maturing 2025 
 Senior Note - , maturing 2026 (1) 
 Senior Note - , maturing 2027 (1) 
 Senior Note - , maturing 2028 (1) 
 Senior Note - , maturing 2029 
 Senior Note - , maturing 2031 
 Senior Note - , maturing 2032 
 Senior Note - , maturing 2043 
 Senior Note - , maturing 2046 
 Senior Note - , maturing 2050 
 Other, net ) ) Less current maturities Total long-term debt 
 (1) Euro denominated debt reflects impact of currency 
 For outstanding notes issued by our wholly-owned subsidiaries the debt is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Long-term debt, including current maturities 
 
 81 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 billion. The Company utilized proceeds from the term loan facility on a delayed draw basis to fund a majority of the billion purchase price consideration for the Company s acquisition from Emerson Corporation Emerson of Emerson s InSinkErator business, as set forth in the Asset and Stock Purchase Agreement between Whirlpool and Emerson dated as of August 7, 2022 (the Acquisition Agreement ). 
 The term loan facility is divided into tranches: a billion tranche with a maturity date months following the date that funds were borrowed (October 31, 2022), and a billion tranche with a maturity date following the date that funds were borrowed. 
 The interest and fee rates payable with respect to the term loan facility based on the Company's current debt rating are as follows: (1) the spread over secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR") for the tranche is ; (2) the spread over SOFR for the tranche is ; (3) the spread over prime for both tranches is ; and (4) the ticking fee for both tranches is , as of the date hereof. 
 The Term Loan Agreement contains customary covenants and warranties including, among other things, a rolling twelve month interest coverage ratio required to be greater than or equal to to 1.0 for each fiscal quarter. In addition, the covenants limit the Company's ability to (or to permit any subsidiaries to), subject to various exceptions and limitations: (i) merge with other companies; (ii) create liens on its property; and (iii) incur debt at the subsidiary level. We were in compliance with our interest coverage ratio under the term loan agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 The outstanding amount for this term loan agreement at December 31, 2022 was billion. 
 Debt Offering 
 On May 4, 2022, the Company completed its offering of million in principal amount of Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes ), in a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-255372). The 2032 Notes were issued under an indenture (the Indenture ), dated March 20, 2000, between the Company, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor to Citibank, N.A.), as trustee. The sale of the 2032 Notes was made pursuant to the terms of an Underwriting Agreement, dated May 2, 2022 (the Underwriting Agreement ), among the Company, as issuer, and BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters in connection with the offering and sales of the 2032 Notes. The 2032 Notes contain covenants that limit the Company's ability to incur certain liens or enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions. In addition, if we experience a specific kind of change of control, we are required to make an offer to purchase all of the notes at a purchase price of of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company used the net proceeds from the sale of the 2032 Notes to redeem million aggregate principal amount of Notes which were paid on June 1, 2022. 
 On April 29, 2021, the Company completed its inaugural Sustainability Bond offering of million in principal amount of Senior Notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes ), in a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-255372). The 2031 Notes were issued under the Indenture. The sale of the 2031 Notes was made pursuant to the terms of an Underwriting Agreement, dated April 26, 2021, among the Company, as issuer, and BNP Paribas Securities Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters in connection with the offering and sales of the 2031 Notes. The 2031 Notes contain covenants that limit the Company's ability to incur certain liens or enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions. In addition, if we experience a specific kind of change of control, 
 
 82 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company used the net proceeds from the sale of the 2031 Notes to redeem million aggregate principal amount of senior notes which was paid June 15, 2021. Consistent with the Company s Sustainability Bond Framework, the Company allocated an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of the 2031 Notes to fund one or more new or existing environmental and social Eligible Projects, as defined in the Company s prospectus supplement dated April 26, 2021. 
 Credit Facilities 
 On May 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Fifth Amended and Restated Long-Term Credit Agreement (the Amended Long-Term Facility by and among the Company, certain other borrowers, the lenders referred to therein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent, and Citibank, N.A., as Syndication Agent. BNP Paribas, Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association acted as Documentation Agents. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citibank, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC acted as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners for the Amended Long-Term Facility. Consistent with the Company s prior credit agreement, the Amended Long-Term Facility provides an aggregate borrowing capacity of billion. 
 
 The interest rate payable with respect to the Amended Long-Term Facility reflect a decrease of in the interest rate margin from the Company s prior credit facility, and is based on the Company s current debt rating, Term SOFR + interest rate margin per annum (with a SOFR spread adjustment) or the Alternate Base Rate + per annum, at the Company s election. 
 
 The Amended Long-Term Facility contains customary covenants and warranties, such as, among other things, a rolling four quarter interest coverage ratio required to be greater than or equal to as of the end of each fiscal quarter. The Amended Long-Term Facility removes the second financial covenant, a debt-to-capitalization ratio, that was in the Company s prior credit agreement. The Amended Long-Term Facility also includes limitations on the Company s ability to (or to permit any subsidiaries to), subject to various exceptions and limitations: (i) merge with other companies; (ii) create liens on its property; and (iii) incur debt at the subsidiary level. Many of the lenders have in the past performed, and may in the future from time to time perform, investment banking, financial advisory, lending and/or commercial banking services, or other services for Whirlpool Corporation and its subsidiaries, for which they have received, and may in the future receive, customary compensation and expense reimbursement. We were in compliance with our interest coverage ratio under the revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 In addition to the committed billion Amended Long-Term Facility and the committed billion term loan, we have committed credit facilities in Brazil and India which provide borrowings up to approximately million a t December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, based on exchange rates then in effect, respectively. These committed credit facilities have maturities that run through 2024. 
 We had billion drawn on the committed credit facilities at December 31, 2022. We had borrowings outstanding under the committed credit facilities at December 31, 2021. 
 Notes Payable 
 Notes payable, which consist of short-term borrowings payable to banks or commercial paper, are generally used to fund working capital requirements. The fair value of our notes payable approximates the carrying amount due to the short maturity of these obligations. 
 
 83 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 Total notes payable 
 
 (8) 
 billion Brazilian reais (approximately million at December 31, 2022). 
 Relying on existing Brazilian legal precedent, in 2003 and 2004, we recognized tax credits in an aggregate amount of million, adjusted for currency, on the purchase of raw materials used in production ("IPI tax credits"). The Brazilian tax authority subsequently challenged the recording of IPI tax credits. No such credits have been recognized since 2004. In 2009, we entered into a Brazilian government program ("IPI Amnesty") which provided extended payment terms and reduced penalties and interest to encourage taxpayers to resolve this and certain other disputed tax credit amounts. As permitted by the program, we elected to settle certain debts through the use of other existing tax credits and recorded charges of approximately million in 2009 associated with these matters. In July 2012, the Brazilian revenue authority notified us that a portion of our proposed settlement was rejected and we received tax assessments of million Brazilian reais (approximately million at December 31, 2022), reflecting interest and penalties to date. We believe these tax assessments are without merit and we are vigorously defending our position. The government's assessment in this case relies heavily on its arguments regarding taxability of BEFIEX credits for certain years, which we are disputing in one of the BEFIEX government assessment cases cited in the prior paragraph. Because the IPI Amnesty case is moving faster than the BEFIEX taxability case, we could be required to pay the IPI Amnesty assessment before obtaining a final decision in the BEFIEX taxability case. 
 
 84 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 million Brazilian reais (approximately million at December 31, 2022). We believe these tax assessments are without merit and are vigorously defending our positions. Based on the opinion of our tax and legal advisors, we have t accrued any amount related to these assessments. 
 In addition to the BEFIEX, IPI tax credit and PIS/COFINS inputs matters noted above, other assessments issued by the Brazilian tax authorities related to indirect and income tax matters, and other matters, are at various stages of review in numerous administrative and judicial proceedings. The amounts related to these assessments will continue to be increased by monetary adjustments at the Selic rate, which is the benchmark rate set by the Brazilian Central Bank. In accordance with our accounting policies, we routinely assess these matters and, when necessary, record our best estimate of a loss. We believe these tax assessments are without merit and are vigorously defending our positions. 
 Litigation is inherently unpredictable and the conclusion of these matters may take many years to ultimately resolve. Amounts at issue in potential future litigation could increase as a result of interest and penalties in future periods. Accordingly, it is possible that an unfavorable outcome in these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements in any particular reporting period. 
 Competition Investigation 
 In 2013, the French Competition Authority ("FCA") commenced an investigation of appliance manufacturers and retailers in France, including Whirlpool and Indesit. The FCA investigation was split into two parts, and in December 2018, we finalized a settlement with the FCA on the first part of the investigation. The second part of the FCA investigation, which is expected to focus primarily on manufacturer interactions with retailers, is ongoing. The Company is cooperating with this investigation. 
 Although it is currently not possible to assess the impact, if any, that matters related to the FCA investigation may have on our financial statements, matters related to the FCA investigation could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements in any particular reporting period. 
 Trade Customer Insolvency 
 The Company was a former indirect minority shareholder of Alno AG, a longstanding trade customer that filed for insolvency protection in Germany. In 2020, we paid a settlement of million (approximately million at the time of payment) to resolve any potential claims the insolvency trustee might have against the Company. We are also defending third-party claims related to Alno's insolvency that we believe are without merit, and believe the ultimate resolution of these claims will not have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 Grenfell Tower 
 On June 23, 2017, London's Metropolitan Police Service released a statement that it had identified a Hotpoint branded refrigerator as the initial source of the Grenfell Tower fire in West London. U.K. authorities are conducting investigations, including regarding the cause and spread of the fire. The model in question was manufactured by Indesit Company between 2006 and 2009, prior to Whirlpool's acquisition of Indesit in 2014. We are fully cooperating with the investigating authorities. Whirlpool was named as a defendant in a product liability suit in Pennsylvania federal court related to this matter. The federal court dismissed the case with prejudice in September 2020 and the dismissal was affirmed on appeal in July 2022. Plaintiffs filed a petition with the U.S. Supreme Court in January 2023. In December 2020, lawsuits related to Grenfell Tower were filed in the U.K. against approximately defendants, including Whirlpool Corporation and certain Whirlpool subsidiaries. 
 
 85 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 lawsuits that have been certified for treatment as class actions in U.S. federal court, relating to top-load washing machine models. In December 2019, the court in one of these lawsuits entered summary judgement in Whirlpool's favor. That ruling remains subject to appeal, and the other lawsuit is ongoing. We believe the lawsuits are without merit and are vigorously defending them. Given the preliminary stage of the proceedings, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, at this time. The resolution of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements in any particular reporting period. 
 We are currently vigorously defending a number of other lawsuits related to the manufacture and sale of our products which include class action allegations, and may become involved in similar actions. These lawsuits allege claims which include negligence, breach of contract, breach of warranty, product liability and safety claims, false advertising, fraud, and violation of federal and state regulations, including consumer protection laws. In general, we do not have insurance coverage for class action lawsuits. We are also involved in various other legal actions arising in the normal course of business, for which insurance coverage may or may not be available depending on the nature of the action. We dispute the merits of these suits and actions, and intend to vigorously defend them. Management believes, based upon its current knowledge, after taking into consideration legal counsel's evaluation of such suits and actions, and after taking into account current litigation accruals, that the outcome of these matters currently pending against Whirlpool should not have a material adverse effect, if any, on our financial statements. 
 Product Warranty and Legacy Product Corrective Action Reserves 
 Product warranty reserves are included in other current and other noncurrent liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Issuances/accruals during the period Settlements made during the period/other (1) 
 ) ) Liabilities classified to held for sale (2) 
 ) Balance at December 31 Current portion Non-current portion Total 
 (1) Includes updated reserve assumptions noted below. 
 (2) Product warranty reserve of our European major domestic appliance business has been transferred to liabilities held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 In the normal course of business, we engage in investigations of potential quality and safety issues. As part of our ongoing effort to deliver quality products to consumers, we are currently investigating certain potential quality and safety issues globally. As necessary, we undertake to effect repair or replacement of appliances in the event that an investigation leads to the conclusion that such action is warranted. 
 As part of this process, we investigated incident reports associated with a particular component in certain Indesit-designed horizontal axis washers produced in EMEA. In January 2020, we commenced a product recall in the U.K. and Ireland for these EMEA-produced washers, for which the recall is ongoing. In the third quarter of 2019, we accrued approximately million in estimated product 
 
 86 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 million and million, respectively, related to this campaign. These adjustments were made based on the latest available data including take rate assumptions and unit population. These estimates are based on several assumptions which are inherently unpredictable and which we may need to materially revise in the future. Settlements related to this product recall are immaterial for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The total settlements since the beginning of this campaign are approximately million. 
 Guarantees 
 We have guarantee arrangements in a Brazilian subsidiary. For certain creditworthy customers, the subsidiary guarantees customer lines of credit at commercial banks to support purchases following its normal credit policies. If a customer were to default on its line of credit with the bank, our subsidiary would be required to assume the line of credit and satisfy the obligation with the bank. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the guaranteed amounts totaled million Brazilian reais (approximately million at December 31, 2022) and million Brazilian reais (approximately million at December 31, 2021), respectively. The fair value of these guarantees were nominal at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Our subsidiary insures against a significant portion of this credit risk for these guarantees, under normal operating conditions, through policies purchased from high-quality underwriters. 
 We provide guarantees of indebtedness and lines of credit for various consolidated subsidiaries. The maximum contractual amount of indebtedness and lines of credit available under these lines for consolidated subsidiaries totaled approximately billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. Our total short-term outstanding bank indebtedness under guarantees was nominal at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Purchase Obligations 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total purchase obligations 
 
 (9) 

87 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 of employees' eligible pay. Our contributions during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 We provide postretirement health care benefits for eligible retired employees in the United States, Canada and Brazil. For our United States plan, which comprises the majority of our obligation, eligible retirees include those who were full-time employees with years of service who attained age while in service with us and those union retirees who met the eligibility requirements of their collective bargaining agreements. In general, the postretirement health and welfare benefit plans include cost-sharing provisions that limit our exposure for recent and future retirees and are contributory, with participants' contributions adjusted annually. In the United States, benefits for certain retiree populations follow a defined contribution model that allocates certain monthly or annual amounts to a retiree's account under the plan. 
 Pension assets and liabilities related to the European major domestic appliance business have been classified as held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The postretirement medical benefit programs are unfunded. We reserve the right to modify these benefits in the future. 

88 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 Benefit obligations Funded status ) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets Noncurrent asset Current liability ) ) ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liability ) ) ) ) ) ) Amount recognized ) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss (pre-tax) Net actuarial loss ) Prior service (credit) cost ) ) Amount recognized ) ) 
 Service cost Interest cost Plan participants' contributions Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Plan amendments ) Transfer of liabilities ) Other adjustments Settlements / curtailment (gain) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange rates ) ) ) Reclassification of obligation to held for sale ) Benefit obligation, end of year Accumulated benefit obligation, end of year N/A N/A 
 The actuarial (gain) loss for all pension and other postretirement benefit plans in 2022 and 2021 was primarily related to a change in the discount rate used to measure the benefit obligation of those plans. 

89 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contribution Plan participants' contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Transfer of plan assets Settlements ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange rates ) ) Reclassification of plan assets to held for sale ) Fair value of plan assets, end of year (1) 
 
 (1) Decrease in fair value of plan assets was primarily driven by market fluctuations during the current period. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization: Actuarial loss Prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) Curtailment (gain) / loss ) ) Settlement loss Net periodic benefit cost ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 Interest and sundry (income) expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost ) ) ) ) ) ) 

90 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 ) ) Actuarial (loss) recognized during the year ) ) Current year prior service cost (credit) ) Prior service credit (cost) recognized during the year Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) (pre-tax) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit costs and other comprehensive income (loss) (pre-tax) ) ) 
 We amortize actuarial losses and prior service costs (credits) over a period of up to years and years, respectively. 
 Assumptions 
 Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A Interest crediting rate for cash balance plans N/A N/A 
 (1) Weighted-average assumptions include assumptions related to pension plans classified as held for sale during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Weighted-Average Assumptions used to Determine Net Periodic Cost 
 United States Pension Benefits Foreign 
 Pension Benefits (1) 
 Other Postretirement Benefits 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets N/A N/A N/A Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A Interest crediting rate for cash balance plans N/A N/A N/A Health care cost trend rate Initial rate N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Ultimate rate N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Year that ultimate rate will be reached N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A 

91 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

Expected benefit payments related to the European major domestic appliance business classified as held for sale are excluded beyond 2023. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 Plan Assets 
 Our overall investment strategy is to achieve an appropriate mix of investments for long-term growth and for near-term benefit payments with a wide diversification of asset types, fund strategies, and investment fund managers. The target allocation for our plans is approximately in growth assets and in immunizing fixed income securities, with exceptions for foreign pension 
 
 92 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

93 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 Government and government agency securities (1) 
 U.S. securities International securities Corporate bonds and notes (1) 
 U.S. companies International companies Equity securities (2) 
 U.S. companies International companies Mutual funds (3) 
 Investments at net asset value U.S. equity securities (4) 
 International equity securities (4) 
 Short-term investment fund (4) 
 International debt securities (5) 
 International equity securities (5) 
 Real estate (6) 
 Limited partnerships (7) 
 U.S. private equity investments Diversified fund of funds Emerging growth All other investments 
 (1) Valued using pricing vendors who use proprietary models to estimate the price a dealer would pay to buy a security using significant observable inputs, such as interest rates, yield curves, and credit risk. 
 (2) Valued using the closing stock price on a national securities exchange, which reflects the last reported sales price on the last business day of the year. 
 (3) Valued using the net asset value (NAV) of the fund, which is based on the fair value of underlying securities. The fund primarily invests in a diversified portfolio of equity securities, fixed income debt securities and real estate issued by non-U.S. companies. 
 
 94 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 Realized gain / (loss) (net) Unrealized gain / (loss) (net) ) Purchases Settlements ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 Additional Information 
 Fair value of plan assets ) 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets ) 
 
 95 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 (10) 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 96 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 outstanding notional amounts of interest rate swap agreements at December 31, 2022. Outstanding notional amounts of interest rate swap agreements were million at December 31, 2021. 
 Net Investment Hedging 
 N/A 
 For instruments that are designated and qualify as a net investment hedge, the effective portion of the instruments' gain or loss is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. The gain or loss will be subsequently reclassified into net earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated. The remaining change in fair value of the hedge instruments represents the ineffective portion, which is immediately recognized in interest and sundry (income) expense on our Consolidated Statements of Income. During the fourth quarter of 2022, Whirlpool substantially liquidated its foreign currency denominated investment in Mexico. As a result, losses of approximately million recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss were reclassified into Interest and sundry (income) expense in the Consolidated Financial Statements. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding hedges designated as net investment hedges. 

97 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 (CF) Foreign exchange forwards/options (2) 
 (CF/NI) Cross-currency swaps (CF) Interest rate derivatives (CF) Total derivatives accounted for as hedges Derivatives not accounted for as hedges Commodity swaps/options N/A Foreign exchange forwards/options (2) 
 N/A Total derivatives not accounted for as hedges Total derivatives Current Noncurrent Total derivatives 
 (1) Derivatives accounted for as hedges are considered either cash flow (CF) or net investment (NI) hedges. 

98 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) Foreign exchange forwards/options Cross-currency swaps ) Interest rate derivatives Net investment hedges Foreign currency ) Location of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI into Earnings (Effective Portion) Gain (Loss) Reclassified from 
 OCI into Earnings 
 (Effective Portion) (3),(4),(5) 
 Cash Flow Hedges - Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Commodity swaps/options (3) 
 Cost of products sold Foreign exchange forwards/options Net sales Foreign exchange forwards/options Cost of products sold ) ) Foreign exchange forwards/options Interest and sundry (income) expense Cross-currency swaps (5) 
 Interest and sundry (income) expense ) Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized on Derivatives not Accounted for as Hedges Gain (Loss) Recognized on Derivatives not 
 Accounted for as Hedges (3) 
 Derivatives not Accounted for as Hedges - Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Foreign exchange forwards/options Interest and sundry (income) expense ) 
 (3) Change in gain (loss) recognized in OCI (effective portion) is primarily driven by increases in commodity prices and fluctuations in currency and interest rates. The tax impact of the cash flow hedges was ) million and ) million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The tax impact of the net investment hedges was million and ) million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (4) Change in gain (loss) reclassified from OCI into earnings (effective portion) was primarily driven by fluctuations in currency and commodity prices and interest rates compared to prior year. 
 (5) Change in cross-currency swaps is primarily driven by the currency change in the Euro year-over-year. 
 For cash flow hedges, the amount of ineffectiveness recognized in interest and sundry (income) expense was nominal during 2022 and 2021. There were no hedges designated as fair value in 2022 and 2021. The net amount of unrealized gain or loss on derivative instruments included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to contracts maturing and expected to be realized during the next twelve months is a gain of approximately million at December 31, 2022. 

99 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 (11) 
 
 Net derivative contracts ) ) 
 (1) Short-term investments are primarily comprised of money market funds and highly liquid, low risk investments with initial maturities less than 90 days. 
 The non-recurring fair values represent only those assets whose carrying values were adjusted to fair value during the reporting period. There were goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges recorded in 2021. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Goodwill 
 We have reporting units for which we assess for impairment. We use a discounted cash flow analysis to determine fair value (Level 3 input) and consistent projected financial information in our analysis of goodwill and intangible assets. During the second quarter of 2022, the discounted cash flow analysis for the quantitative impairment assessment for the EMEA reporting unit utilized a discount rate of . Based on the quantitative assessment performed as of May 31, 2022, the carrying value of the EMEA reporting unit exceeded its fair value resulting in a goodwill impairment loss for the full carrying amount of million during the second quarter of 2022 and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 The relief-from-royalty method for the quantitative impairment assessment for other intangible assets in the EMEA reporting unit during the second quarter of 2022 utilized discount rates of and royalty rates ranging from - . Based on the quantitative assessment performed as of May 31, 2022, the carrying value of the Indesit and Hotpoint trademarks exceeded their fair value (Level 3 input), resulting in an impairment charge of million during the second quarter of 2022. Indefinite-lived intangible assets of Indesit and Hotpoint with carrying amounts of approximately million and million were written down to fair values (Level 3 input) of million and million, resulting in impairment charges of million and million, respectively. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the remaining carrying amounts of Indesit and Hotpoint trademarks were included in the net assets of the European major domestic appliance disposal group which was classified as held for sale. 
 Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas. 
 
 100 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 and Arcelik . 
 On December 20, 2022, the Company's board authorized the transaction with Arcelik and the European major domestic appliance business was classified as held for sale during the fourth quarter of 2022. The disposal group was measured at fair value less cost to sell. We used a discounted cash flow analysis and multiple market data points in our analysis to determine fair value (Level 3 input) of the interest retained, resulting in an estimated fair value of million. The discounted cash flow analysis utilized a discount rate of . 
 See Note 6 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 InSinkErator Acquisition 
 On October 31, 2022, we completed the acquisition of the InSinkErator business pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement with Emerson. The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting. This requires allocation of the purchase price to the estimated fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including goodwill and other intangible assets. The Company is in the process of finalizing third-party valuations for the purchase price allocation which are subject to change. The Company expects to finalize purchase accounting adjustments as soon as practicable, but no later than one year from the acquisition date. 
 The estimated value of property, plant and equipment includes adjustments totaling million to increase the net book value to the preliminary fair value estimate of million. The fair value of property, plant and equipment was determined using both a cost and market approach. The model used primarily included Level 2 and 3 inputs. This estimate is based on other comparable acquisitions and historical experience, and preliminary expectations as to the duration of time we expect to realize benefits from those assets. 
 The estimated value of inventory includes adjustments totaling million to step-up inventory to an estimated fair value of million. The fair value of inventory was estimated using the comparative sales method. The model used primarily included Level 2 and 3 inputs. To estimate the fair value of inventory, we considered the components of InSinkErator s inventory, as well as estimates of selling prices and selling and distribution costs that were based on InSinkErator s historical experience. 
 The estimated fair values of identifiable intangible assets acquired were prepared using an income valuation approach, which requires a forecast of expected future revenues, future cash flows and discount rates (Level 3 inputs), either through the use of the relief-from-royalty method, the multi-period excess earnings method or the with and without method. 
 See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

101 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 . Fair value, which is less than the carrying amount of the Russia business, was estimated based on purchase price which includes contingent consideration based on future business and other conditions (Level 2 input). We recorded an impairment charge of million for the write-down of the net assets to their fair value. 
 See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Elica PB India Acquisition 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Company consolidated Elica PB India. As a result, the previously held equity interest of was remeasured at a fair value of million (Level 2 input) on the acquisition date, resulting in an implied fair value of approximately million. 
 For additional information, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Whirlpool China Equity Method Investment 
 During the second quarter of 2021, the partial tender offer for Whirlpool China was completed and the entity was deconsolidated. Subsequent to the share transfer, which was completed on May 6, 2021, the Company holds an equity interest of approximately in Whirlpool China. The fair value of the retained investment in Whirlpool China at the date of deconsolidation was calculated based on the Whirlpool China stock price (Level 1 input), the portion of interest retained and the shares outstanding, resulting in a fair value of million. 
 For additional information see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Turkey Subsidiary Divestment 
 During the second quarter of 2021, we entered into a share transfer agreement to sell our Turkish subsidiary and the sale was completed on June 30, 2021. Fair value was calculated based on the cash purchase price, subject to customary adjustments at closing (Level 2 input), and we recorded a loss on sale and disposal of businesses of million for the write-down of the assets to the fair value of million. An immaterial adjustment to the loss on sale and disposal of business was recorded in the third quarter of 2021. 
 For additional information see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Other Fair Value Measurements 
 The fair value of long-term debt (including current maturities) was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements (Level 2 input). 
 
 (12) 
 
 102 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) ) ) Unrealized actuarial gain(loss) and prior service credit (cost) Tax effect ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Less: Other comprehensive loss available to noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income (loss) available to Whirlpool ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) Unrealized actuarial gain (loss) and prior service credit (cost) Tax effect ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Less: Other comprehensive loss available to noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income (loss) available to Whirlpool December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) Unrealized actuarial gain (loss) and prior service credit (cost) ) ) Tax effect ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Less: Other comprehensive loss available to noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income (loss) available to Whirlpool ) December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 

103 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 
 Denominator for basic earnings per share weighted-average shares Effect of dilutive securities stock-based compensation Denominator for diluted earnings per share adjusted weighted-average shares Anti-dilutive stock options/awards excluded from earnings per share 
 Dividends 
 Dividends per share paid to shareholders were , and during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On April 19, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to billion, which has no expiration date. On February 14, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized an additional billion in share repurchases under the Company's ongoing share repurchase program. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased approximately million shares under these share repurchase programs at an aggregate price of approximately million. At December 31, 2022, there were approximately billion in remaining funds authorized under this program. 
 Share repurchases are made from time to time on the open market as conditions warrant. The program does not obligate us to repurchase any of our shares and it has no expiration date. 
 
 (13) 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Related income tax benefits recognized in earnings were million , million and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option and stock unit awards totale d million. The cost of these non-vested awards is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining vesting period of months. 
 Share-Based Employee Incentive Plans 
 On April 17, 2018, our stockholders approved the 2018 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan ("2018 OSIP"). This plan was adopted by our Board of Directors on February 20, 2018 and provides for the issuance of stock options, performance stock units, and restricted stock units, among other award types. No new awards may be granted under the 2018 OSIP after the tenth anniversary of the date that the stockholders approved the plan. However, the term and exercise of awards granted before then may extend beyond that date. At December 31, 2022, approximatel y million s hares remain available for issuance under the 2018 OSIP. 
 Stock Options 
 Eligible employees may receive stock options as a portion of their total compensation. Such options generally become exercisable over a period in substantially equal increments, expire years from the date of grant and are subject to forfeiture upon termination of employment, other than by 
 
 104 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 , and , respectively, using the following assumptions: 
 Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Expected option life, in years 
 Stock Option Activity 
 Granted Exercised ) Canceled or expired ) Outstanding at December 31 Exercisable at December 31 
 The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was million, million and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The related tax benefits wer e million, million and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Cash received from the exercise of stock options was million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Weighted-average exercise price per share Aggregate intrinsic value Weighted-average remaining contractual term, in years 
 Stock Units 
 Eligible employees may receive restricted stock units or performance stock units as a portion of their total compensation. 
 Restricted stock units are typically granted to selected management employees on an annual basis and vest over . Periodically, restricted stock units may be granted to selected employees based on special recognition or retention circumstances and generally vest from to . Previously granted awards accrue dividend equivalents on outstanding units (in the 
 
 105 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 performance period, converting to unrestricted common stock at the conclusion of the vesting period. The final award may equal to of the target grant, based on Whirlpool performance results relative to pre-established goals. 
 We measure compensation cost for stock units based on the closing market price of Whirlpool common stock at the grant date, with adjustments for performance stock units to reflect the final award granted. The weighted average grant date fair values of awards granted during 2022, 2021, and 2020 we re , and , respectively. The total fair value of stock units vested during 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million , million and million, respectively. 
 Granted Canceled ) Vested and transferred to unrestricted ) Non-vested, at December 31 
 Non-employee Director Equity Awards 
 In 2022, each non-employee director received an annual grant of unrestricted Whirlpool common stock, with the number of shares issued to the director determined by dividing by the closing price of Whirlpool common stock on the date of the annual meeting of our stockholders. 
 
 (14) 
 million in employee termination costs related to these actions through December 31, 2022. Cash settlement of million has been paid to date with the remaining cash settlement of million expected to be paid over the duration of 2023 and 2024. 
 In addition, we ceased production in our Naples, Italy manufacturing plant and exited the facility in 2020. The collective dismissal procedure was completed in 2021. In connection with this action, we have incurred approximately million total costs comprising million in asset impairment costs, million in other associated costs and million in employee-related costs through December 31, 2022. Cash settlement of million has been paid to date with the remaining nominal cash settlement to be paid in 2023. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company transferred the Naples manufacturing plant to the Italian government. No material financial impact arose as a result of the transaction. 

106 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 ) Asset Impairment ) Facility exit costs ) Other exit costs ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 Millions of dollars December 31, 2020 
 Charge to Earnings Cash Paid Non-cash and Other December 31, 2021 
 Employee termination costs ) Asset impairment costs ) Facility exit costs ) Other exit costs ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 EMEA Latin America ) Asia Corporate / Other Total 
 
 (15) 
 million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The change in tax expense in 2022 compared to 2021 includes overall lower level of earnings, partially offset by the impact of non-deductible charges, including loss on sale and disposal as well as goodwill impairment, and increases in valuation allowances. 
 The increase in tax expense in 2021 compared to 2020 is primarily due to higher earnings and related tax expense, audits and settlements, partially offset by legal entity restructuring tax benefits. Included in Settlements and changes in unrecognized tax benefits in the table below is million of net tax expense and interest related to an unfavorable ruling discussed in Other Income Tax Matters. 

107 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) Foreign ) Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax (benefit) expense computed at United States statutory rate ) U.S. government tax incentives ) ) ) Foreign government tax incentives ) ) ) Foreign tax rate differential ) U.S. foreign tax credits ) ) Valuation allowances State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) Foreign withholding taxes U.S. tax on foreign dividends and subpart F income Settlements and changes in unrecognized tax benefits Changes in enacted tax rates ) ) ) Nondeductible loss on sale and disposal of businesses Nondeductible goodwill impairments Legal Entity Debt Restructuring ) Divestiture tax impact ) Legal entity restructuring tax impact ) ) Other items, net ) ) Income tax computed at effective worldwide tax rates 
 Current and Deferred Tax Provision) Foreign ) ) State and local ) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 United States Tax on Foreign Dividends 
 We have historically reinvested all unremitted earnings of the majority of our foreign subsidiaries and affiliates, and therefore have not recognized any U.S. deferred tax liability on those earnings. The Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately billion at December 31, 2022, of which approximately billion was held by subsidiaries in foreign countries. Our intent is to permanently reinvest substantially all of these funds outside of the United States and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate the cash to fund our U.S. operations. However, if these funds were repatriated, they would likely not be subject to United States federal income tax 
 
 108 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 billion, million of which were U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards, compared to billion and million at December 31, 2021, respectively. Of the total net operating loss carryforwards at December 31, 2022, billion do not expire, with substantially all of the remaining carryforwards expiring in various years through 2039. At December 31, 2022, we had million of United States general business credit carryforwards available to offset future payments of federal income taxes, expiring between 2032 and 2042. 
 Net operating loss carryforwards of billion relates to the European major domestic appliance business as of December 31, 2022. Net deferred tax assets of million, including million of valuation allowances, associated with the disposal group has been transferred to assets held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2022. For additional information, see Notes 11 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We routinely review the future realization of deferred tax assets based on projected future reversal of taxable temporary differences, available tax planning strategies and projected future taxable income. We have recorded a valuation allowance to reflect the net estimated amount of certain deferred tax assets associated with net operating loss and other deferred tax assets we believe will be realized. Our recorded valuation allowance of million at December 31, 2022 consists of million of net operating loss carryforward deferred tax assets and million of other deferred tax assets. Our recorded valuation allowance was million at December 31, 2021 and consisted of million of net operating loss carryforward deferred tax assets and million of other deferred tax assets. The increase in our valuation allowance was primarily driven by the European major domestic appliance business transaction and includes million recognized in net earnings, with the remaining change related to reclassification within our net deferred tax asset. 

109 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

Property, net Right of use assets Inventory Reserves Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets U.S. general business credit carryforwards, including Energy Tax Credits Lease liabilities Pensions Loss carryforwards Postretirement obligations Foreign tax credit carryforwards Research and development capitalization Employee payroll and benefits Accrued expenses Product warranty accrual Receivable and inventory allowances Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowances for deferred tax assets ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances Reclassification of net deferred tax assets to held for sale ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 110 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 Additions for tax positions of the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Settlements during the period ) ) Lapses of applicable statute of limitation ) ) ) Balance, December 31 
 Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits resulted in a net expense of million, million, million in December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We have accrued a total of million, million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 It is reasonably possible that certain unrecognized tax benefits of million could be settled with various related jurisdictions during the next 12 months. 
 We are in various stages of tax disputes (including audits, appeals and litigation) with certain governmental tax authorities. We establish liabilities for the difference between tax return provisions and the benefits recognized in our financial statements. Such amounts represent a reasonable provision for taxes ultimately expected to be paid, and may need to be adjusted over time as more information becomes known. We are no longer subject to any significant tax disputes (including audits, appeals and litigation) for the years before 2009 relating to US Federal income taxes and for the years before 2003 relating to any state, local or foreign income taxes. 
 Other Income Tax Matters 
 During its examination of Whirlpool s 2009 U.S. federal income tax return, the IRS asserted that income earned by a Luxembourg subsidiary via its Mexican branch should be recognized as income on its 2009 U.S. federal income tax return. The Company believed the proposed assessment was without merit and contested the matter in United States Tax Court (US Tax Court). Both Whirlpool and the IRS moved for partial summary judgment on this issue. On May 5, 2020, the US Tax Court granted the IRS s motion for partial summary judgment and denied Whirlpool s. 
 million in the fourth quarter of 2021, which represents the expected increase in the Company s net income tax expense, plus interest, for 2009 through 2019, which represents all of the Company s tax years that were affected by the Ruling. On January 20, 2022, the Company filed a petition for rehearing with the Sixth Circuit, which was denied on March 2, 2022. On June 30, 2022, the Company filed a petition for certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court, which was denied on November 21, 2022. The Company considers this tax dispute settled and no adjustments to the reserve have been recognized. 

111 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 (16) 
 
 Sales to Lowe's, a North American retailer, represented approximately , , and of our consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Lowe's represented approximately and of our consolidated accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The proportional increase in Lowe's accounts receivable balance is due to a decrease in consolidated accounts receivable driven by European major domestic appliance business reclassified as held for sale. Lowe's accounts receivable has decreased by from the prior year. 
 The United States individually comprised at least 10 of consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020 in the amounts of billion, billion and billion, respectively. 
 million of our European major appliance business have been transferred to assets held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Millions of dollars United States Mexico All Other Countries Total 2022 Long-lived assets 
 
 Millions of dollars United States Italy Mexico Poland All Other Countries Total 2021 Long-lived assets 
 
 112 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 2021 2020 Intersegment sales 2022 ) 2021 ) 2020 ) Depreciation and amortization 2022 2021 2020 EBIT 2022 ) ) ) 2021 ) 2020 ) ) Total assets 2022 ) 2021 ) 2020 ) Capital expenditures 2022 2021 2020 
 
 113 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 billion associated with our European major domestic appliance business have been classified as assets held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2022. Remaining assets of the EMEA operating segment primarily consist of intercompany loans from other Whirlpool entities which eliminate at total Whirlpool level and assets of the small domestic appliance business. 
 Assets of billion were acquired in connection with the InSinkErator acquisition which increased the total assets of North America operating segment during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 For additional information, see Notes 11 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.) ) ) Gain (loss) on previously held equity interest Gain (loss) on sale and disposal of businesses ) Impairment of goodwill, intangibles and other assets ) Product warranty and liability income (expense) Corrective action recovery Sale-leaseback, real estate and receivable adjustment Corporate expenses and other ) ) ) Total other/eliminations ) ) ) 
 A reconciliation of our segment information for total EBIT to the corresponding amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) is shown in the table below for the periods presented: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, in millions 2022 2021 2020 Operating profit ) Interest and sundry (income) expense ) ) ) Equity method investment income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total EBIT ) Interest expense Income tax expense Net earnings (loss) ) Less: Net earnings (loss) available to noncontrolling interests ) Net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool ) 
 
 114 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 (17) 
 and Arcelik will own approximately of the European appliance company. Separately, Whirlpool agreed in principle to the sale of Whirlpool s Middle East and Africa business to Arcelik. These transactions are collectively referred to as European major domestic appliance business. The sale includes the Company's major domestic appliance business in EMEA, including production sites. The transaction is subject to customary conditions at closing and expected to be completed in the second half of 2023. 
 European major domestic appliance business is reported within our EMEA reportable segment and met the criteria for held for sale accounting during the fourth quarter of 2022. The operations of the European disposal group did not meet the criteria to be presented as discontinued operations. 
 Upon closing, the transaction will result in the deconsolidation of the European major appliances business. In connection with the sale, we recorded a loss on disposal of million in the fourth quarter of 2022. The loss includes a write-down of the net assets of million of the disposal group to a fair value of million and also includes million of cumulative currency translation adjustments, million release of other comprehensive loss on pension and million of other transaction related costs. No goodwill is included in the disposal group. For additional information see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 Both Whirlpool and the post-closing controlling interest shareholder retain an option for Arcelik to purchase the remaining equity interest in a newly formed European appliance company for fair value, which could be material to the financial statements of the Company, depending on the performance of the business. 

115 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Property, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Right of use assets Goodwill Other intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Deferred income taxes Other noncurrent assets Total noncurrent assets Total assets Carrying amounts of major classes of liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued advertising and promotions Employee compensation Notes payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Long-term debt Pension benefits Lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Total net assets of the disposal group classified as held for sale 
 Assets held for sale Fair value of interest retained Liabilities held for sale Cumulative currency translation adjustment and Other comprehensive loss on pension 
 
 116 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) ) ) 
 Earnings (loss) before income taxes excludes intercompany other income and expense which eliminates at Total Whirlpool level. Additionally, the EMEA operating segment includes other businesses which are not classified as held for sale. 
 InSinkErator Acquisition 
 On August 7, 2022, the Company entered into an Asset and Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Emerson Electric Co. Emerson to purchase Emerson s InSinkErator business, a manufacturer of food waste disposers and instant hot water dispensers for home and commercial use, for a purchase price of billion in cash, subject to customary adjustments. 
 On October 31, 2022, we completed the acquisition of the InSinkErator business pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. We used the net proceeds from a billion borrowing under our delayed draw term loan facility and million of cash on hand to fund the acquisition. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the term loan facility. 
 We believe that the acquisition is an accelerator of our ongoing portfolio transformation and aligned with our stated goals of investing in high-growth and high-margin businesses. 
 Purchase Price Allocation 
 The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting. This requires allocation of the purchase price to the estimated fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including goodwill and other intangible assets. The Company is in the process of finalizing third-party valuations for the preliminary purchase price allocation which are subject to change. The Company expects to finalize purchase accounting adjustments as soon as practicable, but no later than one year from the acquisition date. 

117 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 Receivables, net Inventories Other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets Other assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses Other current liabilities Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total Estimated Purchase Consideration 
 The estimated useful lives of the intangible assets acquired are based on our historical experience and expectations as to the duration of time we expect to realize benefits from those assets. 
 Indefinite Relief-from-royalty Customer relationships years Multi-period excess earnings / with and without method Intangible assets acquired 
 For additional information see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The majority of the intangible asset valuation relates to the InSinkErator brand, which is an indefinite lived intangible. The Company s preliminary assessment as to trademarks having an indefinite life was based on a number of factors, including the competitive environment, market share, brand reputation for quality and performance and product life cycles. The customer relationship intangibles of InSinkErator were mainly allocated to its traditional trade distributors, which have an estimated useful life of up to years based on low historical and projected customer attrition rates among its retailers. The finite-lived intangible assets will be amortized using a straight-line method. 
 Earnings before income taxes Net Earnings 
 
 118 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 billion which is not deductible for tax purposes, arose from this transaction and is allocated to the North America reportable segment, and consists of expected future economic benefits that will arise from expected future product sales, value creation opportunities, operating efficiencies and other synergies that might result from the acquisition. The allocation has been made on the basis that the anticipated synergies identified will primarily benefit this reportable segment. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred transaction and other costs in connection with the acquisition of approximately million which are included in Selling, general and administrative expense in our Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss). 
 Pro Forma Financial Information 
 Net earnings available to Whirlpool ) 
 These pro forma amounts have been calculated applying the company s accounting policies and making certain adjustments, which primarily include: (i) depreciation adjustments relating to fair value step-ups to property, plant and equipment; (ii) amortization adjustments relating to fair value estimates of acquired intangible assets; (iii) incremental interest expense associated with the billion term loan borrowing to fund the acquisition and amortization of related debt issuance costs; and (iv) transaction and debt financing related costs of approximately million recorded in selling, general and administrative expense. Pro forma results do not include any anticipated cost savings or other effects of the integration of the acquisition. 
 Russia Sale Transaction 
 On June 27, 2022, Whirlpool EMEA SpA, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a share purchase agreement to sell the Company s Russian business to Ar elik A. . Arcelik ), subject to customary conditions at closing. The sale included the entirety of the Company s operations in Russia, including the Company s manufacturing facility in Lipetsk, Russia, and the sales organization in Moscow, Russia, as well as sales operations in Kazakhstan and other select CIS countries. 
 On August 31, 2022, we completed the sale to Arcelik. The consideration includes contingent consideration based on future business and other conditions of the Russian operations. We will recognize the benefit of the contingent consideration when received due to the uncertainty in the Russian marketplace. Additionally, the contingent consideration is subject to a cap based on the agreed net asset value of the Russian business of million at closing (approximately million at August 31, 2022). 
 In connection with the sale, we recorded a loss on disposal of million in the second quarter of 2022. The loss includes a charge of million for the write-down of the net assets of the disposal group to fair value and million of cumulative currency translation adjustments. On the closing date of August 31, 2022, we recorded an immaterial adjustment to the final loss amount, resulting in a total loss of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2022. 
 The Russia business was reported within our EMEA reportable segment and met the criteria for held for sale accounting during the second quarter of 2022. The operations of Russia did not meet the criteria to be presented as discontinued operations. Earnings before income taxes for Russia were not material for the periods presented. 
 For additional information see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 119 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED) 

 per share (approximately per share as of August 25, 2020) to obtain no less than and no more than of Whirlpool China s outstanding shares. This share price offer was equal to the daily weighted average trading price for Whirlpool China stock over the trading days prior to the announcement. 
 In the first quarter of 2021, our Board of Directors approved the sale of Whirlpool China, which was reported within our Asia reportable segment and met the criteria for held for sale accounting during the first quarter of 2021. The operations of Whirlpool China did not meet the criteria to be presented as discontinued operations. 
 On May 6, 2021, the tender offer was completed and the share transfer was executed for a consideration of RMB billion (approximately million on the date of completion). Subsequent to the share transfer, the Company holds an equity interest of in Whirlpool China. 
 In connection with the sale, we recorded a gain, net of transaction and other costs, of million during the second quarter of 2021. The gain on sale is equal to the difference between the total transaction amount and carrying value of Whirlpool China, which includes million of cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments and million of goodwill allocated to the disposal group. The total transaction amount includes million of consideration received from the sale of Whirlpool China shares, million for the fair value of the interest retained and the million carrying value of the equity interest in Whirlpool China. The fair value of the interest retained was based on the ownership amount and the stock price of Whirlpool China as of the closing date of the transaction and we account for the remaining minority interest under the equity method of accounting as of June 30, 2021. 
 Earnings before income taxes prior to the share transfer of Whirlpool China were not material to the Company for the periods presented. 
 Turkey Subsidiary Divestment 
 On May 17, 2021, we entered into a share transfer agreement with Arcelik to sell our Turkish subsidiary for a cash purchase price of million (approximately million as of June, 30 2021), subject to customary adjustments at closing. 
 On June 30, 2021, we completed the sale of the Turkish subsidiary. In connection with the sale, we recorded a loss on disposal of million as of June 30, 2021. The loss includes a charge of million for the write-down of the assets of the disposal group to fair value and allocated goodwill, and million of cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments included in the carrying amount of the disposal group. During the third quarter of 2021, amounts for working capital and other customary post-closing adjustments were finalized and an additional million loss related to the sale of business was recorded. 
 The Turkish subsidiary, whose primary asset was a manufacturing plant, was reported within our EMEA reportable segment. The operations of Turkey did not meet the criteria to be presented as discontinued operations. Earnings before income taxes for Turkey were not material for the periods presented. 
 See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

120 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure controls and procedures. Whirlpool maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Securities Exchange Act")) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our filings under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to Whirlpool's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Prior to filing this report, we completed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of Whirlpool management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations adopted pursuant thereto, we included a report of management's assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as part of this report. Management's report is included on page 134 of this report under the caption entitled "Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included on page 135 of this report under the caption entitled "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 121 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information regarding our executive officers is included in ITEM 1 of PART I of this report under "Information About Our Executive Officers." 
 Information regarding the background of the directors, matters related to the Audit Committee, and the process by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors can be found under the captions "Directors and Nominees for Election as Directors," "Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Board of Directors and Committees," and "Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Director Nominations by Stockholders" in the proxy statement, which will be filed pursuant to SEC Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 ("Proxy Statement"). 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The text of our code of ethics, titled "Our Integrity Manual", is posted on our website at whirlpoolcorp.com/ethics. Whirlpool intends to disclose future amendments to, or waivers from, certain provisions of the code of ethics for executive officers and directors on this website within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. Stockholders may request a free copy of Our Integrity Manual from: 
 
 Investor Relations 
 Whirlpool Corporation 
 2000 North M-63 
 Mail Drop 2609 
 Benton Harbor, MI 49022-2692 
 Email: investor_relations@whirlpool.com 
 Whirlpool has also adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines and written charters for its Audit, Finance, Human Resources and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees, all of which are posted on our website: whirlpoolcorp.com (scroll to the bottom of the main page and click on "Policies.") Stockholders may request a free copy of the charters and guidelines from the address or email address set forth above. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information regarding compensation of our executive officers and directors can be found under the captions "Non-employee Director Compensation," "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "2022 Executive Compensation Tables," "Pay Ratio Disclosure,""Compensation Risk Assessment," and "Human Resources Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" in the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. See also the information under the caption "Human Resources Committee Report" in the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference; however, such information is only "furnished" hereunder and not deemed "soliciting material" or "filed" with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 122 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information regarding the security ownership of any person that we know to beneficially own more than 5 of Whirlpool stock and by each Whirlpool director, each Whirlpool named executive officer, and all directors and executive officers as a group, can be found under the captions "Security Ownership" and "Beneficial Ownership" in the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. Information relating to securities authorized under equity compensation plans can be found under the caption "Equity Compensation Plan Information" in the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions (if any) and the independence of Whirlpool's directors, can be found under the captions "Related Person Transactions" and "Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Board of Directors and Committees" in the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information regarding our auditors and the Audit Committee's pre-approval policies can be found under the caption "Matters Relating to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 123 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 1. Financial statements PAGE Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 58 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 61 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 62 
 Report by Management on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 133 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 135 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules - "Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts" is contained on page 140 of this report. Certain schedules for which provisions are made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted. 
 (b) The exhibits listed in the "Exhibit Index" is contained on page 125 of this report. 
 (c) Individual financial statements of the registrant's affiliated foreign companies, accounted for by the equity method, have been omitted since no such company individually constitutes a significant subsidiary. 
 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

124 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 ITEMS 15(a)(3) and 15(b) 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 The following exhibits are submitted herewith or incorporated herein by reference in response to Items 15(a)(3) and 15(b). Each exhibit that is considered a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) of Form 10-K is identified by a "(Z)." 
 Number and Description of Exhibit 
 
 2(i) Purchase Agreement dated April 24, 2018 by and among Whirlpool Corporation, certain subsidiaries thereof, and Nidec Corporation [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 24, 2018] 
 2(ii) Amendment dated May 3, 2019 to Purchase Agreement dated April 24, 2018 by and among Whirlpool Corporation, certain subsidiaries thereof, and Nidec Corporation [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended June 30, 2019] 
 2(iii) Asset and Stock Purchase Agreement between Emerson Electric Co. and Whirlpool Corporation, dated August 7, 2022 [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed August 10, 2022] 
 2(iv) Contribution Agreement dated January 16, 2023 by and among Whirlpool Corporation, Whirlpool EMEA Holdings LLC, Ar elik A. ., Beko Europe B.V. and Ardutch B.V. [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed January 17, 2023] 
 3(i) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Whirlpool Corporation (amended and restated as of April 22, 2009) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 23, 2009] 
 3(ii) By-Laws of Whirlpool Corporation (amended and restated effective October 18, 2016) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on October 21, 2016] 
 4(i) The registrant hereby agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of instruments defining the rights of holders of each issue of long-term debt of the registrant and its subsidiaries. 4(ii) Indenture dated as of April 15, 1990 between Whirlpool Corporation and Citibank, N.A. [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4(a) to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Commission file number 33-40249) filed on May 6, 1991] 4(iii) Indenture dated as of March 20, 2000 between Whirlpool Corporation and U.S. Bank, National Association (as successor to Citibank, N.A.) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4(a) to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Commission file number 333-32886) filed on March 21, 2000] 
 4(iv) Indenture dated as of June 15, 1987 between Maytag Corporation and The First National Bank of Chicago [Incorporated by reference from Maytag Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-00655) for the quarter ended June 30, 1987] 
 
 125 

4(v) Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2001 between Maytag Corporation and Bank One, National Association [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to Maytag Corporation's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-00655) filed on October 31, 2001] 
 4(vi) Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 30, 2010, between Maytag Corporation, Whirlpool Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4(vi) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010] 
 4(vii) Indenture, dated November 2, 2016, among Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S. . r.l., Whirlpool Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on November 2, 2016] 
 4(viii) Description of Whirlpool Corporation's securities [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4(viii) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commi ssion file number 1-3932) f or the fiscal year ended December 31, 202 1] 
 4(ix) Indenture, dated February 21, 2020, among Whirlpool EMEA Finance S. . r.l., Whirlpool Corporation and U.S. National Bank Association [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on February 21, 2020]. 
 10(i)(a) Fifth Amended and Restated Long Term Credit Agreement dated as of May 3, 2022 among Whirlpool Corporation, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and BNP Paribas, Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agents [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended June 30, 2022] 
 10(i)(b) Term Loan Agreement dated as of September 23, 2022 among Whirlpool Corporation, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent and as lender, and certain other financial institutions [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended September 30, 2022] 
 10(iii)(a) Whirlpool Corporation Nonemployee Director Stock Ownership Plan (amended as of February 16, 1999, effective April 20, 1999) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit A to the Company's Proxy Statement (Commission file number 1-3932) for the 1999 annual meeting of stockholders] 
 10(iii)(b) Whirlpool Corporation Charitable Award Contribution and Additional Life Insurance Plan for Directors (effective April 20, 1993) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(p) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994] 10(iii)(c) Whirlpool Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (as amended effective January 1, 1992 and April 20, 1993) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(f) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993] 
 
 126 

10(iii)(d) Whirlpool Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan II for Non-Employee Directors (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2009) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(e) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008] 
 10(iii)(e) Whirlpool Corporation Nonemployee Director Equity Plan (effective January 1, 2005) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 21, 2005] 
 10(iii)(f) Amendment of the Whirlpool Corporation Nonemployee Director Equity Plan (effective January 1, 2008) (Z) [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(a) to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 24, 2008] 
 10(iii)(g) Nonemployee Director Stock Option Form of Agreement (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(b) to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 24, 2008] 
 10(iii)(h) Nonemployee Director Stock Option Form of Agreement (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 26, 2010] 
 10(iii)(i) Retention Agreement dated August 17, 2022 between Whirlpool Corporation and Gilles Morel [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended September 30, 2022] 
 10(iii)(j) Omnibus Equity Plans 409A Amendment (effective December 19, 2008) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(n) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008] 
 10(iii)(k) Whirlpool Corporation 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 26, 2010] 
 10(iii)(l) Whirlpool Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission file number 333-187948) filed on April 16, 2013] 
 10(iii)(m) Form of Agreement for the Whirlpool Corporation Career Stock Grant Program (pursuant to one or more of Whirlpool's Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plans) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(q) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995] 10(iii)(n) Form of Amendment to Whirlpool Corporation Career Stock Grant Agreement (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(p) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008] 
 10(iii)(o) Form of Stock Option Grant Document for the Whirlpool Corporation Stock Option Program (pursuant to one or more of Whirlpool's Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plans)(Rev. 02/17/04) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(i) to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on January 25, 2005] 

127 

10(iii)(p) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (pursuant to one or more of Whirlpool's Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plans) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on June 21, 2010] 
 10(iii)(q) Whirlpool Corporation 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(a) to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2011] 
 10(iii)(r) Whirlpool Corporation 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Strategic Excellence Program Performance Unit Award (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(b) to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2011] 
 10(iii)(s) Whirlpool Corporation 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Strategic Excellence Program Stock Option Grant (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(c) to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2011] 
 10(iii)(t) Whirlpool Corporation 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Strategic Excellence Program Restricted Stock Unit Award (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(d) to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2011] 
 10(iii)(u) Whirlpool Corporation 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Strategic Excellence Program Stock Option Grant Document (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(a) to the Company's form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2012] 
 10(iii)(v) Whirlpool Corporation 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Strategic Excellence Program Performance Restricted Stock Unit / Performance Unit Grant Document (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(b) to the Company's form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2012] 
 10(iii)(w) Whirlpool Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Strategic Excellence Program Performance Unit Award for Executive Chairman (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2018] 
 10(iii)(x) Whirlpool Corporation 2018 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 18, 2018] 
 10(iii)(y) Form of Compensation and Benefits Assurance Agreements (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on August 23, 2010] 
 10(iii)(z) Whirlpool Corporation Executive Deferred Savings Plan (as amended effective January 1, 1992) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(n) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993] 10(iii)(aa) Whirlpool Corporation Executive Deferred Savings Plan II (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2009), including Supplement A, Whirlpool Executive Restoration Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2009) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(y) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008] 

128 

10(iii)(bb) Amendment to the Whirlpool Corporation Executive Deferred Savings Plan II (dated December 21, 2009) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(x) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009] 
 10(iii)(cc) Whirlpool Retirement Benefits Restoration Plan (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(dd) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008] 
 10(iii)(dd) Whirlpool Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2009) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(ee) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008] 
 10(iii)(ee) Whirlpool Corporation Form of Indemnity Agreement (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on February 23, 2006] 
 10(iii)(ff) Whirlpool Corporation Performance Excellence Plan (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(a) to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2014] 
 10(iii)(gg) Whirlpool Corporation 2014 Executive Performance Excellence Plan (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 17, 2014] 
 10(iii)(hh) Agreement dated May 1, 2012 by and between Whirlpool Corporation and Mr. Jo o Carlos Costa Brega (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(ii) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015] 
 10(iii)(ii) Permanent Employment Contract dated April 1, 2019, between Whirlpool EMEA S.p.A. and Gilles Morel (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(ii) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019] 
 10(iii)(jj) Whirlpool Corporation 2018 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Strategic Excellence Program Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Document (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2019] 
 10(iii)(kk) Whirlpool Corporation 2018 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Strategic Excellence Program Stock Option Grant Document (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2019] 
 10(iii)(ll) Whirlpool Corporation 2018 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Strategic Excellence Program Restricted Stock Unit Award Document (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2019] 
 10(iii)(mm) Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement dated as of July 29, 2019 by and between Whirlpool Corporation and Marc Bitzer [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended September 30, 2019] 

129 

10(iii)(nn) Amendment dated February 14, 2022 to the Whirlpool Corporation 2018 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 ] 
 10(iii)(oo) Whirlpool Corporation 2018 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Strategic Excellence Program Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Document Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10. 2 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 ] 
 10(iii)(pp) Whirlpool Corporation 2018 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Strategic Excellence Program Stock Option Award Document (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10. 3 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2022] 
 10(iii)(qq) Amendment dated February 14, 2022 to the Whirlpool Corporation Executive Performance Excellence Plan (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2022] 
 10(iii)(rr) Amendment dated February 14, 2022 to the Whirlpool Corporation Executive Deferred Savings Plan II (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2022] 
 10(iii)(ss) Amendment dated February 14, 2022 to the Whirlpool Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2022] 
 10(iii)(tt) Whirlpool Corporation Executive Deferred Savings Plan II (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2023) (Z) 
 18.1 Letter from Ernst Young LLP dated April 22, 2021 [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 18.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2021] 
 21 List of Subsidiaries 
 22 List of Guarantors and Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24 Power of Attorney 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

130 

101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 Schedules (or similar attachments) have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish supplementally copies of such omitted schedules (or similar attachments) to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

131 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 W HIRLPOOL C ORPORATION 
 (Registrant) 
 By: /s/ JAMES W. PETERS 
 February 10, 2023 James W. Peters Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 Signature Title /s/ MARC R. BITZER Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Marc R. Bitzer /s/ JAMES W. PETERS Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) James W. Peters /s/ CHRISTOPHER S. CONLEY Vice President and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Christopher S. Conley SAMUEL R. ALLEN Director Samuel R. Allen GREG CREED Director Greg Creed GARY T. DICAMILLO Director Gary T. DiCamillo DIANE M. DIETZ Director Diane M. Dietz GERRI T. ELLIOTT Director Gerri T. Elliott JENNIFER A. LACLAIR Director Jennifer A. LaClair JOHN D. LIU 
 Director John D. Liu JAMES M. LOREE 
 Director James M. Loree HARISH MANWANI 
 Director Harish Manwani PATRICIA K. POPPE Director Patricia K. Poppe LARRY O. SPENCER Director Larry O. Spencer MICHAEL D. WHITE Director Michael D. White 
 By: /s/ JAMES W. PETERS Attorney-in-Fact February 10, 2023 James W. Peters 

132 

REPORT BY MANAGEMENT ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 The management of Whirlpool Corporation has prepared the accompanying financial statements. The financial statements have been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, whose report, based upon their audits, expresses the opinion that these financial statements present fairly the consolidated financial position, statements of income and cash flows of Whirlpool and its subsidiaries in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Their audits are conducted in conformity with the auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). 
 The financial statements were prepared from the Company's accounting records, books and accounts which, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect all material transactions. The Company maintains a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the Company's books and records, and the Company's assets are maintained and accounted for, in accordance with management's authorizations. The Company's accounting records, compliance with policies and internal controls are regularly reviewed by an internal audit staff. 
 The audit committee of the Board of Directors of the Company is composed of six independent directors who, in the opinion of the board, meet the relevant financial experience, literacy, and expertise requirements. The audit committee provides independent and objective oversight of the Company's accounting functions and internal controls and monitors (1) the integrity of the Company's financial statements, (2) the Company's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) the independent registered public accounting firm's qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of the Company's internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm. In performing these functions, the committee has the responsibility to review and discuss the annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements and related reports with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including the Company's disclosures under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," to monitor the adequacy of financial disclosure. The committee also has the responsibility to retain and terminate the Company's independent registered public accounting firm and exercise the committee's sole authority to review and approve all audit engagement fees and terms and pre-approve the nature, extent, and cost of all non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. 
 /s/ JAMES W. PETERS James W. Peters Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 10, 2023 
 
 133 

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The management of Whirlpool Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Whirlpool's internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to Whirlpool's management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 The management of Whirlpool assessed the effectiveness of Whirlpool's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on the assessment and those criteria, management believes that Whirlpool maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management's assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 excludes the internal control over financial reporting related to InSinkErator (acquired in the fourth quarter of 2022), which is included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of Whirlpool Corporation. InSinkErator s total assets, excluding goodwill and intangibles, represented approximately 2 of our total assets at December 31. 2022. InSinkErator s total revenues since the acquisition date represented less than 1 of our total consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Whirlpool's independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on its assessment of Whirlpool's internal control over financial reporting. This report appears on page 139 . 
 
 /s/ MARC R. BITZER /s/ JAMES W. PETERS Marc R. Bitzer James W. Peters Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 10, 2023 February 10, 2023 

134 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Whirlpool Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Whirlpool Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

135 

Valuation of Maytag and JennAir Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets 
 
 Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the balance of the Maytag and JennAir indefinite lived intangible assets was 1 billion and 304 million, respectively. As discussed in Note 1, Note 6, and Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, indefinite lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually or when impairment indicators are present at the intangible asset level. 
 
 Auditing management s assessment of the estimated fair value of the Maytag and JennAir indefinite lived intangible assets was complex and required the involvement of valuation specialists due to the judgmental nature of the assumptions used in the valuation process. The fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions including future revenue, royalty rate and discount rate. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s indefinite lived intangible asset fair value assessment process. This included testing controls over management s review over the projected financial information and significant assumptions used in the valuation model as well as controls over the carrying value of the Maytag and JennAir indefinite lived intangibles. 
 
 To test the estimated fair value of the Maytag and JennAir indefinite lived intangible assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing methodologies used in the model and testing the significant assumptions discussed above. This included comparing the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends, changes to the Company s business model, customer base or product mix and other relevant factors. We assessed the reasonableness of management s projections used in the fair value calculation and obtained support for initiatives supporting these projections. We also compared previous forecasts to actual results to assess management s forecasting process. To assess the discount rate, we reviewed the methodology used by the Company and considered each input relative to current economic factors. 
 
 We involved valuation specialists to assist in evaluating the significant assumptions and methodologies. We performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the indefinite lived intangible asset that would result from changes in the assumptions. In addition, we tested the mathematical accuracy of the model. 

136 

Valuation of Unrecognized Income Tax Benefits 
 Description of the Matter As of December 31, 2022, the Company has Unrecognized Income Tax Benefits of 589 million as described in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. The Company records the benefits of an uncertain tax position in the consolidated financial statements after determining it is more likely than not that the uncertain tax position will be sustained upon examination based on its technical merits. 
 
 Auditing management s accounting and disclosure for these unrecognized tax benefits was complex because the evaluation is based on interpretations of domestic and international tax laws, is subjective, and requires significant judgement. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We identified and tested controls that address the risk of material misstatement relating to the valuation of these income tax matters. This included, among others, testing controls over the Company s process to assess the technical merits and measurement of these positions. We also tested the Company s process to determine the disclosure for these matters. 
 
 With the assistance of our income tax professionals, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the technical merits, measurement and related disclosure for the Company s positions. For example, we assessed the inputs utilized and the conclusions reached in the assessments performed by management. We also examined the Company s communications with the relevant tax authorities and read the minutes of the meetings of the committees of the board of directors. In addition, we used our knowledge of historical settlement activity, tax laws, and other market information to evaluate the technical merits of the Company s positions. 

137 

Revenue Recognition - Completeness and Valuation of Customer Sales Incentives (Promotions Liabilities) 
 Description of the Matter As of December 31, 2022, the Company s accrued promotional liability was 623 million. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes a reduction to revenue and a corresponding accrued promotional liability based on the amount of customer sales incentives to be paid to trade customers. This estimate is accounted for as a reduction to revenue in the period incurred and primarily calculated using the expected value method. 
 
 Auditing the accrued promotions liability was complex and subjective due to the large volume of activity, the manual nature of adjustments made to the liability in certain countries, and the inherent estimation uncertainty in the process performed to estimate the reduction to revenue and corresponding promotional liability. In addition, assessing the completeness of the accrual required significant auditor judgment. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the completeness and valuation of the reduction to revenue and corresponding promotional liability. For example, we tested controls over management s review of adjustments to the accrual, as well as their review of significant assumptions to the accrual, including the validation of third-party sales data. 
 
 Our audit procedures over completeness and valuation included, among others, testing a sample of key inputs to the promotional liability, including reviewing key customer contractual agreements and third-party sales data. We performed testing over activity subsequent to the balance sheet date to determine the impact, if any, these items have on the 2022 financial statements. In addition, to assess management s estimation accuracy, we perform a lookback analysis which compares the amount accrued in the prior year to the amount subsequently paid. 
 
 We also performed analytical procedures on a disaggregated level and performed inquiries of sales personnel and key finance management personnel. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1927. 

February 10, 2023 
 
 138 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Whirlpool Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Whirlpool Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Whirlpool Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 As indicated in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of InSinkErator, which is included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 2 of total assets as of December 31, 2022, excluding goodwill and intangibles, and less than 1 of revenues for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of InSinkErator. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 10, 2023 
 
 139 

) Year Ended December 31, 2021: ) Year Ended December 31, 2020: ) Deferred tax valuation allowance (2) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022: ) Year Ended December 31, 2021: ) Year Ended December 31, 2020: 
 (1) With respect to allowance for doubtful accounts, the amounts represent accounts charged off, net of translation adjustments and transfers. Recoveries were nominal for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 (2) For additional information about our deferred tax valuation allowances, refer to Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 140 

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

<EX-10.III TT>
 2
 exhibit10iiitt-12312022.htm
 EX-10.III TT

Document 

Whirlpool Corporation Executive Deferred Savings Plan II 
 (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2023) 

Contents 
 
 ARTICLE 1. Establishment and Purpose 
 1 
 1.1 Establishment 
 1 
 1.2 Purpose 
 1 
 ARTICLE 2. Definitions 
 1 
 2.1 Definitions 
 1 
 2.2 Gender and Number 
 4 
 ARTICLE 3. Eligibility for Participation 
 4 
 3.1 Eligibility 
 4 
 3.2 Participation 
 5 
 3.3 Suspension of Eligibility 
 5 
 ARTICLE 4. Participant Election to Defer 
 5 
 4.1 Base Compensation Deferrals 
 5 
 4.2 Bonus Compensation Deferrals 
 5 
 4.3 Deferral of Long-Term Incentive Compensation 
 6 
 4.4 Deferral Agreements 
 6 
 4.5 Cancellation of Deferral Elections 
 6 
 ARTICLE 5. Employer Contribution Credits 
 7 
 5.1 Employer Matching Contribution Credits 
 7 
 5.2 Automatic Company Contribution Credits 
 7 
 5.3 Discretionary Employer Contribution Credits 
 7 
 ARTICLE 6. Deferred Accounts 
 7 
 6.1 Participant Account(s) 
 7 
 6.2 Vesting of Contribution Credits 
 8 
 
 i 

6.3 Deemed Investment of Accounts 
 8 
 6.4 Charges Against Accounts 
 8 
 6.5 Contractual Obligation 
 8 
 6.6 Unsecured Interest 
 8 
 ARTICLE 7. Payment of Deferred Amounts 
 9 
 7.1 Payment of Deferred Amounts 
 9 
 7.2 Changes to Payment Elections 
 9 
 7.3 Cash-Out of Small Account Balances 
 10 
 7.4 Distributions on Account of Death or Disability 
 10 
 7.5 Delay of Payment 
 11 
 ARTICLE 8. Beneficiary 
 11 
 8.1 Beneficiary 
 11 
 ARTICLE 9. Rights of Employees, Participants 
 12 
 9.1 Employment 
 12 
 9.2 Nontransferability 
 12 
 ARTICLE 10. Administration 
 12 
 10.1 Administration 
 12 
 10.2 Conflicting Terms 
 12 
 ARTICLE 11. Claims Procedure 
 13 
 11.1 Claims Procedure 
 13 
 ARTICLE 12. Amendment and Termination of the Plan 
 13 
 12.1 Amendment 
 13 
 12.2 Termination 
 14 
 ARTICLE 13. Change in Control 
 14 
 
 ii 

13.1 In General 
 14 
 ARTICLE 14. Requirements of Law 
 15 
 14.1 Requirements of Law 
 15 
 14.2 Section 409A Compliance 
 15 
 14.3 Governing Law 
 15 
 ARTICLE 15. Employment, State, Local and Foreign Taxes 
 15 
 15.1 Withholding 
 15 
 15.2 Acceleration of Payment 
 15 
 ARTICLE 16. Effective Date of the Plan 
 16 
 16.1 Effective Date 
 16 

iii 

ARTICLE 1. Establishment and Purpose 
 1.a Establishment 
 Whirlpool Corporation (a Delaware corporation hereinafter referred to as the Company established this nonqualified deferred compensation plan for executives as described herein, known as THE WHIRLPOOL EXECUTIVE DEFERRED SAVINGS PLAN II (hereinafter called the Plan effective January 1, 2005. This Plan is applicable to deferrals of salary and incentives earned on and after January 1, 2005, and amounts deferred under The Executive Deferred Savings Plan, effective September 1, 1990, as amended (the Grandfathered Plan ), that were not vested as of December 31, 2004. The Plan was amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 to make changes to the Plan as required or permitted by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and applicable guidance issued thereunder. The Plan is hereby amended and restated effective January 1, 2023 to eliminate the linkage to the Whirlpool Corporation 401(k) Retirement Plan (the 401(k) Retirement Plan and make other desired updates, as set forth herein. 
 1.b Purpose 
 The primary purpose of this Plan is to provide a means whereby Participants may elect to defer receipt of salary and certain bonuses, and to receive allocations of Company contributions of match and automatic company contributions to supplement those credited under the 401(k) Retirement Plan. 
 ARTICLE 2. Definitions 
 1.a Definitions 
 Whenever used herein, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below 
 (i) 401(k) Retirement Plan means the Whirlpool Corporation 401(k) Retirement Plan, as amended. 
 (ii) Annual Compensation Limit means the dollar amount set forth in Code Section 401(a)(17), as adjusted by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue for increases in the cost-of-living. 
 (iii) Automatic Company Contribution Credit means the contributions described in Section 5.2 of the Plan. 
 (iv) Automatic Company Contribution Credit Subaccount means the bookkeeping subaccount established to reflect the allocation of Automatic Company Contribution Credits hereunder. 
 (v) Base Compensation means an Employee s elements of compensation that would be eligible for deferral under the 401(k) Retirement Plan to the extent that such compensation for any Year is in excess of the Annual Compensation Limit, provided that it will exclude any bonus or incentive elements. 
 (vi) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (vii) Bonus Compensation means short-term bonus or incentive payments designated by the Committee and subject to taxation in the United States of America, provided, however, that 
 1 

such short-term bonus or incentive payments shall be considered Bonus Compensation in the year earned and not in the year paid. 
 (viii) Change in Control means an event that would constitute a change in ownership or effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 (ix) Committee means the Human Resources Committee of the Board empowered to take actions as stated in this Plan. 
 (x) Company means Whirlpool Corporation. 
 (xi) Contribution Credits means Participant Deferrals, Automatic Company Contribution Credits, Employer Matching Contribution Credits, and Discretionary Employer Contribution Credits. 
 (xii) Deferral Agreement means the written agreement submitted to the Committee by an eligible Employee (which may take the form of an electronic transmission if required or permitted by the Committee) that indicates 
 (1) whether the Employee wishes to make Participant Deferrals 
 (2) the percentage of Base Compensation and or Bonus Compensation to be deferred, if any and 
 (3) the time at which, and if applicable, the form in which the Employee wants his or her Participant Contributions and associated Employer Matching Contributions (and earnings thereon) to be distributed in accordance with Article 7. 
 In the event that the Committee determines to make class year elections available, the Deferral Agreement shall provide for the time and form of payment for Participant Deferrals for that particular year. 
 (xiii) Disability or Disabled means the Participant is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company. The Participant will be deemed to be Disabled if he or she is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or if he or she is determined to be disabled in accordance with the Company s (or Subsidiary s, if applicable) disability insurance program, provided that the definition of disability applied under such disability insurance program complies with the foregoing definition of Disability. 
 (xiv) Discretionary Employer Contribution Credit means the contributions described in Section 5.3 of the Plan. 
 (xv) Discretionary Employer Contribution Credit Subaccount means the bookkeeping subaccount established to reflect the allocations of Discretionary Employer Contribution Credits hereunder. 
 2 

(xvi) Employee means a regular salaried employee (including executives and directors who are also employees) of the Company or its Subsidiaries, or any branch or division thereof, whose income from the Company or Subsidiary is subject to taxation by the United States of America. 
 (xvii) Employer Matching Contribution Credit means the contributions described in Section 5.1 of the Plan. 
 (xviii) Employer Matching Contribution Credit Subaccount means the bookkeeping subaccount established to reflect the allocation of Employer Matching Contribution Credits hereunder. 
 (xix) Long-Term Incentive Compensation means such long-term incentives as the Committee may approve from time to time, including long-term incentive compensation that may qualify as performance-based compensation, as described in Section 409A. 
 (xx) Participant means an Employee who is designated by the Committee to participate in this Plan after satisfying the eligibility provisions of Section 3.1. 
 (xxi) Participant Deferrals means amounts deferred by a Participant in accordance with Article 4. 
 (xxii) Participant Deferral Subaccount means the bookkeeping subaccount established to reflect the allocations of Participant Deferrals hereunder, together with any earnings or losses thereon. 
 (xxiii) Section 409A means Code section 409A, the final regulations issued under Code section 409A, and all other Internal Revenue Service guidance that may be issued thereunder. 
 (xxiv) Separation from Service has the meaning given to such term in Section 409A. 
 (xxv) Stock Award means an award granted under a Plan or program maintained by the Company, including but not limited to the Whirlpool Executive Stock Appreciation and Performance Program, and the Whirlpool Strategic Excellence Program, which provides for the settlement of the award in stock of the Company and which has been deferred in accordance with the provisions of this Plan. 
 (xxvi) Subsidiary means any corporation, a majority of the total combined voting power of all the classes of stock of which is directly or indirectly owned by the Company. 
 (xxvii) Total Compensation means a Participant s Base Compensation, without regard to the Annual Compensation Limit, plus Bonus Compensation for a Year. 
 (xxviii) Unforeseeable Emergency means (i) a severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from an illness or accident of the Participant, the Participant s spouse, the Participant s beneficiary, or a dependent (as defined in Section 152 of the Code, without regard to Section 152(b)(1), Section 152(b)(2) and Section 152(d)(1)(B) of the Code) of the Participant (ii) loss of the Participant s property due to casualty (including the need to rebuild the Participant a home following damage to a home not otherwise covered by insurance) or (iii) other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant. Whether an Unforeseeable Emergency exists will be determined by the Committee, in its discretion, in accordance with Section 409A. 
 3 

(xxix) Year means the 12-month period beginning January 1 and ending December 31. 
 1.b Gender and Number 
 Except when otherwise indicated by the context, any masculine terminology when used in the Plan shall also include the feminine gender, and the definition of any term herein in the singular shall also include the plural. 
 ARTICLE 3. Eligibility for Participation 
 1.a Eligibility 
 An Employee shall be eligible to participate in this Plan as follows 
 (i) Participant Deferrals . For purposes of Participant Deferrals under Article 4, participation shall be limited to an Employee who (i) is in Level E1 or above, or its current equivalent under the Company s position grading system, (ii) has U.S. source taxable income, and (iii) makes an irrevocable election to defer to the Plan for the Year in accordance with the Plan s administrative rules. 
 (ii) Employer Matching Contribution Credits. For purposes of Employer Matching Contribution Credits under Section 5.1, participation shall be limited to an Employee who 
 (1) is in Level E1 or above, or its current equivalent under the Company s position grading system, for purposes of Base Compensation deferrals described in Section 4.1, 
 (2) is in Level E1 or its current equivalent under the Company s position grading system, for purposes of Bonus Compensation deferrals described in Section 4.2, 
 (3) has Total Compensation that exceeds the Annual Compensation Limit, and 
 (4) is participating in the 401(k) Retirement Plan. 
 (iii) Automatic Company Contribution Credits . For purposes of Automatic Company Contributions under Section 5.2, for any given Year, participation shall be limited to an Employee who (a) is in Level E1 or above, or its current equivalent under the Company s position grading system, (b) has Total Compensation that exceeds the Annual Compensation Limit, and (c) is participating in the 401(k) Retirement Plan. 
 (iv) Discretionary Employer Contribution Credits. For purposes of employer allocations under Section 5.3, participation for any given Year shall be limited to those Employees of the Company or any Subsidiary eligible for such a contribution at the time the credit is declared. 
 1.b Participation 
 An Employee who is eligible to participate in the Plan shall become a Participant as of the first day of the Year next following the Year during which such person meets the eligibility conditions of the Company s position grading system described above, provided however, that the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or his designee, may in his discretion establish administrative procedures which are consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code pursuant to which a person may become a Participant immediately upon meeting that eligibility condition. 
 4 

1.c Suspension of Eligibility 
 In the event an Employee no longer meets the requirements for participation in this Plan, as determined by the Committee in its discretion, he shall become an inactive Participant, retaining all the rights described under this Plan, except the right to make deferrals under the Plan, until the time that he again becomes an active Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Plan shall be construed as requiring or permitting the cancellation of a Participant s valid deferral election if such Participant s ineligibility to continue as an active Participant in the Plan results from such Participant s transfer to a position that is otherwise not eligible to participate in the Plan, except as permitted by Section 409A. 
 ARTICLE 4. Participant Election to Defer 
 1.a Base Compensation Deferrals 
 At any time prior to December 31 of each Year, and subject to the approval of the Committee, a Participant may elect, on a Deferral Agreement and in accordance with such other procedures as may be established by the Committee, to defer any part (in 1 increments up to 15 of his Base Compensation to be earned during the immediately following calendar Year. The deductions will begin as of the first payroll of the Year following the payroll in which Base Compensation first exceeds the Annual Compensation Limit. 
 1.b Bonus Compensation Deferrals 
 At any time prior to December 31 of each Year, and subject to the approval of the Committee, a Participant may elect, in accordance with such procedures as may be established by the Committee, to defer any part (in 5 increments up to 75 of any Bonus Compensation payable with respect to services to be performed in the immediately following Year. 
 1.c Deferral of Long-Term Incentive Compensation 
 (i) Long-Term Incentive Compensation . With respect to Long-Term Incentive Compensation that qualifies as performance-based compensation as described in Section 409A, the Committee may permit eligible Participants to defer any part (in 5 increments up to 75 of the amount of Long-Term Incentive Compensation to be paid for such performance period provided that the election to defer is made no later than the date that is six months before the end of the performance period. In no event will an election to defer Long-Term Incentive Compensation be permitted after such compensation has become both substantially certain to be paid and readily ascertainable. With respect to Long-Term Incentive Compensation that does not qualify as performance-based compensation as described in Section 409A, the Committee may establish procedures for the deferral of such compensation provided such procedures comply with the provisions imposed by Section 409A. 
 (ii) Elections with respect to unvested amounts . With respect to awards of Long-Term Incentive Compensation that require the Participant s continued performance of services for at least twelve months from grant of an award thereunder before the Participant vests in the award, the Committee may permit eligible Participants to defer any part (in 5 increments up to 75 of the payment of the award, provided that the election to defer such compensation is made on or before the thirtieth (30 th day after grant of the award and the election is made at least twelve months in advance of the earliest possible vesting date. 
 (iii) Stock Awards. Stock Awards shall have no voting rights. Dividend equivalents declared with respect to a Participant s Stock Awards in accordance with the underlying program governing the terms of the Stock Award shall be credited to the Participant s account(s) under the Plan and paid in accordance with the provisions of Article 7. 
 5 

1.d Deferral Agreements 
 The amount of a Participant s Base Compensation, Bonus Compensation or Long-Term Incentive Compensation eligible for deferral in a given Year shall not exceed the amount of such compensation reduced by any other required withholdings. All Deferral Agreements must be timely filed, recorded or otherwise made in the manner specified by the Committee. If no election to defer is made for a given Year, no deferrals shall be made for that Year. A Deferral Agreement will be irrevocable for a Year except as otherwise provided in Section 4.5. A Deferral Agreement for a Year will not apply to subsequent Years. 
 1.e Cancellation of Deferral Elections 
 The elections in Sections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 are irrevocable once made and may not be modified or terminated by the Participant or his beneficiary, except a deferral election may be cancelled due to an Unforeseeable Emergency or a hardship distribution pursuant to Section 1.401(k)-1(d)(3) of the Treasury Regulations. In the event of cancellation of a Participant s deferral election under this Section, any later deferral election must comply with the provisions of Sections 4.1, 4.2 or 4.3, as applicable. 
 ARTICLE 5. Employer Contribution Credits 
 1.a Employer Matching Contribution Credits 
 For each Year the Company shall make an Employer Matching Contribution Credit to the account of each Participant in an amount equal to the following percentages of Base Compensation and Bonus Compensation that such eligible Participant, pursuant to Section 3.1, has elected to defer for the Year under this Plan and under the 401(k) Retirement Plan (a) one hundred percent (100 of the first three percent (3 of such deferrals, and (b) fifty percent (50 of the next two percent (2 of such deferrals. The amount of the Employer Matching Contribution Credit for a Participant under the Plan for a Year shall be reduced by the amount of employer matching contributions that has been (or will be) made for the Participant under the 401(k) Retirement Plan for such Year. Employer Matching Contribution Credits for any Year shall be made after the end of such Year, provided, however, that in the Year of a Participant s Separation from Service, such Employer Matching Contribution Credits shall be made as soon as administratively practicable after the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 1.b Automatic Company Contribution Credits 
 For each Year the Company shall make an Automatic Company Contribution Credit for each eligible Participant, pursuant to Section 3.1, in an amount equal to 3 of such Participant s Total Compensation in excess of the Annual Compensation Limit for such Year. Automatic Company Contribution Credits for any Year shall be made after the end of such Year, provided, however, that in the Year of a Participant s Separation from Service, such Contribution Credits shall be made as soon as administratively practicable after the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 1.c Discretionary Employer Contribution Credits 
 For any Year the Company, in its sole discretion, may determine to make a discretionary contribution credit for an eligible Participant, pursuant to Section 3.1, in an amount determined by the Company at such time. Discretionary Employer Contribution Credits declared for any Year shall be made during or after the end of such Year in the Company s sole discretion. 
 6 

ARTICLE 6. Deferred Accounts 
 1.a Participant Account(s) 
 The Company shall establish and maintain bookkeeping account(s) for each Participant, to be credited as of the date each contribution is deemed to be made. The Company shall establish separate subaccounts for each Participant to reflect allocations of Participant Deferrals, Employer Matching Contribution Credits, Automatic Company Contribution Credits, and Discretionary Employer Contribution Credits, if any, made for the Participant s benefit together with any adjustments for income, gain or loss, expenses attributable thereto, and any distributions made. In the event that there are class-year deferrals, a Participant s subaccounts shall further be divided into accounts for each Year s Deferral Agreement. Such accounts and subaccounts shall be used solely for the purpose of tracking such credits, and any income adjustments thereto. 
 1.b Vesting of Contribution Credits 
 A Participant shall at all times be vested in his or her Participant Deferral Subaccount, Employer Matching Contribution Credit Subaccount, and Automatic Company Contribution Subaccount. A Participant will attain a fully vested interest in the portion of his or her Discretionary Employer Contribution Subaccount attributable to Discretionary Employer Contribution Credits after the Participant has earned five years of vesting service with the Company or a Subsidiary subsequent to the date he or she first becomes a Participant in the Plan. 
 1.c Deemed Investment of Accounts 
 The Company shall, from time to time, in its sole discretion, select one or more investment options (which may, but need not, be comparable to the investment options offered under the 401(k) Retirement Plan) to be made available as the measuring standards for crediting earnings and losses to a Participant s account(s). A Participant may select from such investment options, in a manner established by the Company, the investment option or options to apply to his or her account(s) and may change such selections, all in accordance with such rules as the Company may establish. If a Participant fails to make an investment election under this Section, his account(s) will be invested in a default investment fund designated by the Company. 
 Accounts shall be adjusted for investment earnings or losses as of each business day. The earnings or losses to be credited to the portion of any Participant s account(s) under this Section for any period shall be equivalent to the amount of earnings or losses which would have been credited to the account(s) if such portion of such account(s) had actually been invested in such investment options during such period in the manner selected by the Participant. 
 1.d Charges Against Accounts 
 There shall be charged against each Participant s account any payments made to the Participant or to his beneficiary in accordance with Article 8 hereof. Accounts may also be adjusted for any expenses attributable thereto. 
 1.e Contractual Obligation 
 It is intended that the Company is under a contractual obligation to make payments from a Participant s account when due. Account balances shall not be financed through a trust fund or insurance contracts or otherwise unless owned by the Company. Payment of account balances shall be made out of the general assets of the Company. 
 1.f Unsecured Interest 
 No Participant or beneficiary shall have any interest whatsoever in any specific asset of the Company. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments under this Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company. 
 7 

ARTICLE 7. Payment of Deferred Amounts 
 1.a Payment of Deferred Amounts 
 Subject to Sections 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, and 7.5, payment of the amounts deferred and contributed under the Plan shall be made to a Participant as follows 
 (i)in a lump sum payment on the first regular Company payroll date for salaried exempt employees to occur in the seventh calendar month following such Participant s Separation from Service or 
 (ii)if elected by the Participant in accordance with procedures adopted by the Committee, 
 (a) in a lump sum payment on the first regular Company payroll date for salaried exempt employees to occur in the seventh calendar month following such Participant s Separation from Service, or 
 (b) in a lump sum payment on the first regular Company payroll date for salaried exempt employees to occur in April of the calendar year following the first anniversary of the Participant s Separation from Service, or 
 (c) in ten (10) substantially equal annual installments (based on a declining balance method) with the first installment payable on the first regular Company payroll date for salaried exempt employees in the seventh calendar month next following the Participant s Separation from Service and the second through the tenth installments payable in each successive tax year of the Participant on the first regular Company payroll date for salaried exempt employees after the anniversary of the first installment payment. 
 All payments of deferred compensation hereunder shall be made in cash, except that all Stock Awards which would have been paid in stock if not deferred shall be paid in stock. In the case of a distribution in stock to a Participant who has elected installment payments, any installment that would consist of fractional shares of stock will be rounded down to the next lower number of whole shares of stock. 
 1.b Changes to Payment Elections 
 The time and form of payment determined under Section 7.1 are irrevocable once made and may not be modified or terminated by the Participant, except as provided below 
 (i) Subsequent Deferral Election Affecting the Time and Form of Payment . Subject to Sections 7.3, 7.4 and 7.5, a Participant may make a subsequent election to defer the time of payment of the amounts deferred under the Plan on his or her behalf, provided that 
 (a) the election shall not become effective until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which the election is made 
 (b) the election is made at least twelve (12) months before the date that payment would otherwise have occurred (or in the case of installment payments, at least twelve months before the date the first installment would otherwise have been paid) and 
 8 

(c) payment of the amounts deferred on the Participant s behalf shall be made in a lump sum on the date that is five (5) years from the date such payment would otherwise have occurred (or in the case of a participant who had previously elected installment payments, five years from the date the first installment would otherwise have been paid). 
 (ii) Payment due to Unforeseeable Emergency. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, upon a finding that the Participant has suffered an Unforeseeable Emergency, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, allow payment of the Participant s deferred amounts prior to the time otherwise specified for payment of benefits under the Plan. Whether a Participant is faced with an Unforeseeable Emergency permitting a payment under this Section shall be determined by the Committee based on the relevant facts and circumstances of each case, but, in any case, a distribution on account of an Unforeseeable Emergency shall not be made to the extent that such emergency is or may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation from insurance or otherwise, by liquidation of the Participant s assets (to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not cause severe financial hardship), or by cessation of deferrals under the Plan. Distributions because of an Unforeseeable Emergency shall be limited to the amount reasonably necessary to satisfy the emergency need (which may include amounts necessary to pay any Federal, state, or local income taxes or penalties reasonably anticipated to result from the distribution). 
 1.c Cash-Out of Small Account Balances 
 The Company shall disregard a Participant s election regarding the time and form of payment and any subsequent deferral election if the amounts deferred on behalf of the Participant (including earnings) under this Plan and all other nonqualified deferred compensation plans maintained by the Company which are aggregated with this Plan pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(c)(2) upon such Participant s Separation from Service do not exceed 100,000. In such case, the amounts deferred under the Plan on behalf of the Participant will be paid in a lump sum cash payment on the first regular Company payroll date for salaried exempt employees to occur in the seventh calendar month following such Participant s Separation from Service. 
 1.d Distributions on Account of Death or Disability 
 Notwithstanding any other provision in this Article 7, in the event a Participant dies or becomes Disabled before all amounts deferred on his or her behalf under the Plan are distributed, all remaining amounts deferred on the Participant s behalf (including all amounts remaining in the Plan on behalf of a Participant who had commenced to receive installment payments) will be paid in a lump sum payment on the first Company payroll date for salaried exempt employees in the month following the Participant s death or Disability, as applicable. 
 1.e Delay of Payment 
 Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan, payment of the amounts deferred under the Plan will be delayed as follows 
 (i)If any Participant is a Specified Employee (as defined in Section 409A), upon a Separation from Service for any reason other than death, commencement of payment to such Participant shall not be made before the date that is six (6) months after the date of his or her Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the date of death of the Participant). Payments to which a Specified Employee would otherwise be entitled during this period shall be accumulated and paid, together with earnings that have accrued during this six-month delay, on the first Company payroll date for salaried exempt employees in the seventh calendar month following the date of his Separation from Service. 
 9 

(ii)If the Company reasonably anticipates that any portion of the benefit payable under the Plan to any Participant could be limited or nondeductible under Code section 162(m) (or cause other amounts payable by the Company to be nondeductible under Code section 162(m)), then the payment of such portion of the benefit to such Participant shall be delayed until the earliest date on which the Company reasonably anticipates that the deduction will not be limited or eliminated by application of Code section 162(m). 
 (iii)Payment of the amounts deferred under the Plan may be delayed as permitted under Section 409A, as if stated in the Plan, for example, if the making of a payment would jeopardize the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern, or the Company reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will violate Federal securities or other applicable laws. 
 If the payment of any deferred amount hereunder is delayed for any reason beyond the Participant s date of Separation from Service, the portion so delayed will be credited with earnings, if any, from the date of the Participant s Separation from Service until paid. 
 ARTICLE 8. Beneficiary 
 1.a Beneficiary 
 A Participant may designate a primary beneficiary or beneficiaries who, upon his death, are to receive the distributions that otherwise would have been paid to him. In addition, the Participant may designate a contingent beneficiary or beneficiaries who shall receive distributions should the primary beneficiary or beneficiaries predecease the Participant. All designations shall be submitted, and shall be effective only, in accordance with rules established by the Committee. 
 The designation of a spouse as a beneficiary shall automatically be revoked upon divorce or legal separation. 
 In the absence of a beneficiary designation or in the event that all of the named beneficiaries predecease the Participant, or if there is doubt as to the right of any beneficiary, the Company shall make payments to the surviving spouse of the Participant, or if deceased, then to the Participant s estate. 
 ARTICLE 9. Rights of Employees, Participants 
 1.a Employment 
 Nothing in this Plan shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate any Employee s or Participant s employment at any time, nor confer upon any Employee or Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 1.b Nontransferability 
 No right or interest of any Participant in this Plan shall be assignable or transferable, or subject to any lien, directly, by operation of law, or otherwise, including execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge and bankruptcy. In the event of a Participant s death, payment of any amounts due under this Plan shall be made to the Participant s designated beneficiary, or in the absence of such designation, to the classes of beneficiaries as stated in Section 8.1 herein. 
 10 

ARTICLE 10. Administration 
 1.a Administration 
 (i)The Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (the Chairman shall be responsible for the day-to-day administration of the Plan, subject to the control and direction of the Committee. The Chairman is authorized to interpret the Plan to prescribe, amend, and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan provide for conditions and assurances deemed necessary or advisable to protect the interests of the Company and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan, but only to the extent not contrary to the express provisions of the Plan or the directions of the Committee and only to the extent any such action does not operate to disproportionately advantage the Chairman in the event the Chairman is a Participant in the Plan. 
 (ii)The Committee shall determine within the limits of the express provisions of the Plan the Employees to whom, and the time or times at which, participation shall be extended and the amount which may be deferred. In making such determinations, the Committee may take into account the nature of the services rendered by such Employees or classes of Employees, their present and potential contributions to the Company s or its Subsidiaries success, and such other factors as the Committee in its discretion shall deem relevant. The determination, interpretation, or other action of the Committee made or taken pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final and shall be binding and conclusive for all purposes and upon all persons or other interested parties. 
 (iii)Actions with respect to the administrative of the Plan hereunder may be performed by a duly authorized delegate of the Committee. 
 1.b Conflicting Terms 
 To the extent that the terms of this Plan conflict with the written terms of any annual or long-term incentive plan or program maintained by the Company with respect to the deferral of amounts under those plans or programs, the terms of this Plan shall control. 
 ARTICLE 11. Claims Procedure 
 1.a Claims Procedure 
 Benefits shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of this Plan. 
 (i)The Participant, or a designated recipient or any other person claiming through the Participant, shall make a written request for benefits under this Plan. This written claim shall be mailed or delivered to the Committee. Such claim shall be reviewed by the Committee or a delegate. 
 (ii)If the claim is denied, in full or in part, the Committee shall provide a written notice within (90) days setting forth the specific reasons for denial, and any additional material or information necessary to perfect the claim, and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary, and appropriate information and explanation regarding the steps to be taken if a review of the denial is desired. However, if special circumstances require an extension of the period of time for considering a claim, the 90-day period can be extended for an additional 90 days by giving the claimant written notice of the extension, the reason why the extension is necessary, and the date a decision is expected. 
 11 

(iii)If the claim is denied and a review is desired, the Participant (or beneficiary) shall notify the Committee in writing within sixty (60) days after receipt of the written notice of denial. In requesting a review, the Participant or beneficiary may request a review of pertinent documents with regard to the benefits created under this Plan, may submit any written issues and comments, may request an extension of time for such written submission of issues and comments, and may request that a hearing be held, but the decision to hold a hearing shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 (iv)The decision on the review of the denied claim shall be rendered by the Committee within sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request for review (if no hearing is held) or within sixty (60) days after the hearing if one is held. However, if special circumstances require an extension of the period of time for considering an appeal, the 60-day period can be extended for an additional 60 days by giving the claimant written notice of the extension, the reason why the extension is necessary, and the date a decision is expected. The decision shall be written and shall state the specific reasons for the decision including references to the specific provisions of this Plan on which the decision is based. 
 ARTICLE 12. Amendment and Termination of the Plan 
 1.a Amendment 
 The Committee, consistent with relevant Board action, may amend or modify the Plan, at any time and from time to time and in any respect, provided, however, that no such action of the Committee, without approval of the Participant, may adversely affect in any way any amounts already deferred pursuant to the Plan. 
 1.b Termination 
 The Company reserves the right to terminate the Plan in accordance with this Section. 
 (i) Bankruptcy. The Company may terminate the Plan within twelve months of a corporate dissolution taxed under Code section 331, or with the approval of a bankruptcy court pursuant to 11 U.S.C. section 503(b)(1)(A), provided that the amounts deferred under the Plan are included in the Participants gross incomes in the latest of (i) the calendar year in which the Plan termination occurs (ii) the calendar year in which the amount is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture or (iii) the first calendar year in which the payment is administratively practicable. 
 (ii) Change in Control . The Company may terminate the Plan within the thirty days preceding a Change in Control, or the Company, or a successor company that is primarily liable for payment of amounts deferred under the Plan immediately after the Change in Control transaction, may terminate the Plan within the twelve months following a Change in Control. The Plan will be treated as terminated only if all substantially similar arrangements sponsored by the Company (or the successor company, if applicable) and all affiliates are terminated, so that the Participants in the Plan and all participants that experienced the Change in Control event under substantially similar arrangements are required to receive all amounts of compensation deferred under the terminated arrangements within twelve months of the date the Company (or the successor company) irrevocably takes all necessary action to terminate the arrangements. 
 (iii) Discretionary Termination. The Company may terminate the Plan at any time in its discretion, provided that (i) the termination does not occur proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the Company (ii) all arrangements sponsored by the Company and its affiliates that would be aggregated with any terminated arrangement under Section 409A if the 
 12 

same individual participated in all of the arrangements, are terminated (iii) no payments other than payments that would be payable under the terms of the arrangements if the termination had not occurred are made within twelve months of the termination of the arrangements (iv) all payments are made within twenty-four months of the termination of the arrangements and (v) the Company and its affiliates do not adopt a new arrangement that would be aggregated with any terminated arrangement under Section 409A if the same individual participated in both arrangements, at any time within three years following the date of termination of the Plan. 
 (iv) Other. The Company may terminate the Plan upon such other events and in such other conditions as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe in generally applicable published guidance. 
 ARTICLE 13. Change in Control 
 1.a In General 
 In the event of a Change in Control of the Company, all amounts due to Participants under this Plan shall continue to be deferred, and shall continue to be credited with deemed investment earnings and losses, until scheduled payments would otherwise be made in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, provided that the Company (or a successor company) may take action to terminate the Plan and provide for payment of all amounts deferred under the Plan in a lump sum payment in accordance with Section 12.2(b). 
 ARTICLE 14. Requirements of Law 
 1.a Requirements of Law 
 The Plan is intended to be an unfunded deferred compensation plan maintained for a select group of management or highly-compensated employees under sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ). The payment of cash pursuant to this Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and shall not be made except upon approval of proper government agencies as may be required. 
 1.b Section 409A Compliance 
 It is intended that any income to a Participant deferred pursuant to this Plan will not be subject to interest and additional tax under Section 409A. The provisions of the Plan will be interpreted and construed in favor of the Plan meeting any applicable requirements of Section 409A. To the extent that any provision of the Plan would cause a conflict with the requirements of Section 409A, or would cause the administration of the Plan to fail to satisfy Section 409A, such provision shall be deemed null and void to the extent permitted by applicable law. The Company, in its absolute discretion, may amend (including retroactively) this Plan to conform to Section 409A, including amendments to facilitate the ability of a Participant to avoid the imposition of interest and additional tax under Section 409A. However, nothing herein shall be construed as a guaranty by the Company of any particular tax effect on any income deferred under the terms of the Plan pursuant to a Participant s election. In any event, the Company will have no responsibility for the payment of any applicable taxes on income deferred by the Participant pursuant to the provisions of this Plan. 
 1.c Governing Law 
 This Plan shall be governed by, construed and administered in accordance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, and any other applicable Federal law, including Section 409A, and to the 
 13 

extent not preempted by Federal law, this Plan shall be governed by, construed and administered under the laws of the State of Michigan, other than its laws respecting choice of law. 
 ARTICLE 15. Employment, State, Local and Foreign Taxes 
 1.a Withholding 
 The Company shall deduct from all payments under this Plan an amount necessary to satisfy any Federal, state, local, or foreign withholding tax requirements. 
 1.b Acceleration of Payment 
 The time and schedule of payments that would otherwise occur pursuant to Article 4, may be accelerated as follows 
 (i)A payment may be made to pay the Federal Insurance Contribution Act (FICA) tax imposed by Code Sections 3101, 3121(a), and 3121(v)(2) on amounts deferred under the Plan (the FICA amount). 
 (ii)A payment may be made to pay state, local, or foreign tax obligations arising from participation in the Plan that apply to amounts deferred under the Plan before the amounts are paid or made available to the Participant (the state, local, or foreign tax amount). Such payment may not exceed the amount of such taxes due as a result of participation in the Plan. Such payment may be made by distributions to the Participant in the form of withholding pursuant to provisions of the applicable state, local, or foreign law or by distribution directly to the Participant. 
 (iii)A payment may be made to pay the Federal income tax at the source on wages imposed under Code Section 3401, or the corresponding withholding provisions of applicable state, local, or foreign tax laws, as a result of payment of the FICA amount and or the state, local, or foreign tax amount, and to pay the additional income tax at source on wages attributable to the pyramiding under Code Section 3401 wages and taxes. 
 However, the total payment to or on behalf of the Participant pursuant to this acceleration provision may not exceed the aggregate of the FICA, state, local, and or foreign tax amount, and the Federal income tax withholding related to such FICA, state, local and or foreign tax amounts. 
 ARTICLE 16. Effective Date of the Plan 
 1.a Effective Date 
 The Plan was originally effective as of January 1, 2005. The Plan as amended and restated herein is effective as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION has caused this Plan to be executed below by its duly authorized representatives this __ 21st ____ day of December, 2022. 
 14 

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 
 By _ s Carey Martin ___________ Carey Martin Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 ATTEST 
 
 By s Scott Dorfman__ 
 Scott Dorfman Assistant Corporate Secretary 

15 

</EX-10.III TT>

<EX-21>
 3
 exb21listofsubsidiaries123.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Subsidiary Name Jurisdiction in Which Organized 1900 Holdings Corporation Delaware B. Blend M quinas e Bebidas S.A. Brazil BUD Com rcio de Eletrodom sticos Ltda. Brazil Bauknecht AG Switzerland Bauknecht Hausger te GmbH Germany Bill Page Orchestra, Inc. California Brasmotor Ltda. Brazil Brunson Place Properties, LLC Michigan Centro de Desarrollo Tecnologico e Inn vaci n WHM, S. de R.L de C.V. Mexico Chieri Italia S.r.l. Italy Comercial Acros Whirlpool, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Consumer Appliances Service Limited Hong Kong Elera Delaware, Inc. Delaware Elera Holdings Corporation Delaware Elica PB Whirlpool Kitchen Appliances Private Limited India Emerson InSinkErator Appliance (Nanjing) Co., Ltd. China Emerson Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China General Domestic Appliances Holdings Ltd UK Haceb Whirlpool Industrias S.A.S. Colombia Hoover Comercial Limitada Brazil Indesit Argentina S.A. Argentina Indesit Company International Business S.A. Switzerland Indesit Company Luxembourg S.A. Luxembourg Indesit Company UK Holdings Ltd. UK IRE Beteiligungs GmbH Germany Industrias Acros Whirlpool, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico InSinkErator (Australia) Pty. Ltd. Australia InSinkErator Canada Co. Nova Scotia InSinkErator LLC Delaware InSinkErator UK Ltd. UK KitchenAid Australia, Pty Ltd Australia KitchenAid Delaware, Inc. Delaware KitchenAid Europa, Inc. Delaware KitchenAid, Inc. Ohio KitchenAid Global, Inc. Delaware KitchenAid Korea Limited S Korea KitchenAid Promotions, LLC Michigan KitchenAid Trading Co., Ltd. China LAWSA S.A. Argentina MLOG Armaz m Geral Ltda. Brazil Maytag Limited Ontario Maytag Properties, LLC Michigan 

Subsidiary Name Jurisdiction in Which Organized Maytag Sales, Inc. Delaware Maytag Worldwide N.V. Cura ao Nineteen Hundred Corporation New York Parex Industries Ltd. New Zealand South American Sales Partnership Florida THC Assets Corporation Delaware WCGP Nova Scotia Co. Nova Scotia Whirlpool (Australia) Pty. Limited Australia Whirlpool (B.V.I.) Limited Virgin Islands (British) Whirlpool (China) Investment Co., Ltd. China Whirlpool (Hefei) Trading Co., Ltd China Whirlpool (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Whirlpool (Japan) Co., Ltd. Japan Whirlpool (Thailand) Limited Thailand Whirlpool America Holdings Corp. Delaware Whirlpool Argentina S.r.l. Argentina Whirlpool ASEAN Co. Delaware Whirlpool Asia B.V. Netherlands (The) Whirlpool Asia Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg Whirlpool Asia Inc. Delaware Whirlpool Asia LLP India Whirlpool Bangladesh Limited Bangladesh Whirlpool Belux N.V. S.A. Belgium Whirlpool Bermuda Euro Ltd. Bermuda Whirlpool Bulgaria Ltd. Bulgaria Whirlpool CR, spol. s.r.o. Czech Republic Whirlpool Canada Co. Nova Scotia Whirlpool Canada Holding Co. Nova Scotia Whirlpool Canada Investments S. r.l. Luxembourg Whirlpool Canada LP Ontario Whirlpool Canada Luxembourg Holdings Luxembourg Whirlpool Chile Limitada Chile Whirlpool Col mbia S.A.S. Colombia Whirlpool Comercial Ltda. Brazil Whirlpool Company Polska Sp. z o.o. Poland Whirlpool Company Ukraine LLC Ukraine Whirlpool Costa Rica SRL Costa Rica Whirlpool Croatia Ltd. Croatia Whirlpool CSA Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg Whirlpool do Brasil Investements B.V. Netherlands (The) Whirlpool do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Whirlpool Ecuador S.A. Ecuador Whirlpool Eesti OU Estonia Whirlpool El Salvador, S.A. de C.V. El Salvador Whirlpool Electrodom sticos S.A. Spain Whirlpool Eletrodom sticos AM S.A. Brazil 

Subsidiary Name Jurisdiction in Which Organized Whirlpool EMEA S.p.A. Italy Whirlpool EMEA Finance S. r.l. Luxembourg Whirlpool EMEA Holdings S.C.S. Luxembourg Whirlpool Enterprises, LLC Delaware Whirlpool Europe B.V. Netherlands (The) Whirlpool Europe Holdings Limited Delaware Whirlpool Finance Center Corp. Delaware Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S. r.l. Luxembourg Whirlpool Finance Overseas Ltd. Bermuda Whirlpool Financial Corporation Delaware Whirlpool Financial Corporation International Delaware Whirlpool Floor Care Corp. Delaware Whirlpool France SAS France Whirlpool France Holdings SAS France Whirlpool Germany GmbH Germany Whirlpool Global B.V. Netherlands (The) Whirlpool Global Holdings Luxembourg Whirlpool Global Investments B.V. Netherlands (The) Whirlpool Greater China Inc. Delaware Whirlpool Guatemala, S.A. Guatemala Whirlpool Hellas S.A. Greece Whirlpool Holdings Corporation Delaware Whirlpool Home Appliances B.V. Netherlands (The) Whirlpool India Holdings Limited Delaware Whirlpool of India Limited India Whirlpool Insurance Company, Ltd. Bermuda Whirlpool Internacional S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Whirlpool International GmbH Switzerland Whirlpool International Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg Whirlpool International Manufacturing S. r.l. Luxembourg Whirlpool Ireland Appliances Limited Ireland Whirlpool Italia S.r.l. Italy Whirlpool Japan Inc. Delaware Whirlpool Latin America Corporation Delaware Whirlpool Latin America Holding, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Whirlpool Latvia S.I.A. Latvia Whirlpool Lietuva UAB Lithuania Whirlpool Ltd Belgrade Serbia Whirlpool Luxembourg Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg Whirlpool Luxembourg Investments S. r.l. Luxembourg Whirlpool Luxembourg Luxembourg Whirlpool Luxembourg Ventures S. r.l. Luxembourg Whirlpool Magyarorsz g Kereskedelmi Korl tolt Feleloss gu T rsas g Hungary Whirlpool Management EMEA S.r.l. Italy Whirlpool Management Services S.a.g.l. Switzerland Whirlpool Maroc S. r.l. Morocco 

Subsidiary Name Jurisdiction in Which Organized Whirlpool Mauritius Limited Mauritius Whirlpool MEEA DMCC United Arab Emirates Whirlpool Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Whirlpool Mexico Holdings LLC Delaware Whirlpool Mexico Ventures LLC Delaware Whirlpool Microwave Products Development Limited Hong Kong Whirlpool NAR Holdings, LLC Delaware Whirlpool Nederland B.V. Netherlands (The) Whirlpool Nordic A S Denmark Whirlpool Nordic AB Sweden Whirlpool Nordic AS Norway Whirlpool Nordic OY Finland Whirlpool Oceania Inc. Delaware Whirlpool sterreich GmbH Austria Whirlpool Overseas Holdings, LLC Delaware Whirlpool Overseas Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Whirlpool Overseas Manufacturing S. r.l. Luxembourg Whirlpool Peru S.R.L. Peru Whirlpool Polska Appliances Sp. z o.o. Poland Whirlpool Portugal, S.A. Portugal Whirlpool Product Development (Shenzhen) Company Limited China Whirlpool Properties, Inc. Michigan Whirlpool Puntana S.A. Argentina Whirlpool R&D S.r.l. Italy Whirlpool Realty Corporation Delaware Whirlpool Romania S.r.l. Romania Whirlpool S.A. Brazil Whirlpool SSC Limited Ireland Whirlpool Slovakia spol. s.r.o. Slovak Republic Whirlpool Slovakia Home Appliances spol. s.r.o. Slovak Republic Whirlpool South Africa (Proprietary) Limited South Africa Whirlpool Southeast Asia Pte Singapore Whirlpool Sweden Aktiebolag Sweden Whirlpool Taiwan Co., Ltd. Taiwan Whirlpool Technologies, LLC Michigan Whirlpool UK Appliances Limited UK Whirlpool Uruguay S.R.L. Uruguay Whirlpool WW Holdings B.V. Netherlands (The) Whirlpool Worldwide Enterprises S. r.l. Luxembourg Yummly Canada Ltd. British Columbia Yummly, Inc. Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 4
 exhibit2212312022.htm
 EX-22

Document 

EXHIBIT 22 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARY ISSUERS OF GUARANTEED SECURITIES 
 The Company has fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed debt securities on a senior unsecured basis from the following 100 -owned indirect finance subsidiaries of the Company Whirlpool EMEA Finance S. r.l., a Luxembourg company, and Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S. r.l., a Luxembourg company. 
 Name of Subsidiary Issuer Jurisdiction Whirlpool EMEA Finance S. r.l. 
 Luxembourg Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S. r.l. Luxembourg 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 5
 exb23consentofindependentr.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 Registration Statements of Whirlpool Corporation 33-34037 333-166484 333-77167 333-181339 333-125260 333-187948 333-143372 333-203704 333-150942 333-228927 Registration Statement of Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.a.r.l 333-203704-1 Registration Statement of Whirlpool Corporation, Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.a.r.l, and Whirlpool EMEA Finance S.a.r.l 333-224381 Registration Statements of Whirlpool Corporation pertaining to the Whirlpool Savings Plan 33-26680 33-53196 Registration Statements of Whirlpool Corporation pertaining to the Whirlpool 401(k) Retirement Plan 333-66163 333-138711 333-179695 Registration Statement of Whirlpool Corporation 
 pertaining to the Maytag Corporation Salary Savings Plan, Maytag Corporation Deferred 
 Compensation Plan and Maytag Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan II 
 333-132875 Registration Statements of Maytag Corporation 
 pertaining to the Maytag Corporation Deferred Compensation and Salary Savings Plans 
 333-102002 333-101995 333-121368 
 of our reports dated February 10, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Whirlpool Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Whirlpool Corporation, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 10, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 6
 exb24powerofattorney123120.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned, being a director or officer, or both, of WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Corporation ), does hereby constitute and appoint MARC R. BITZER and JAMES W. PETERS, with full power to each of them to act alone, as the true and lawful attorneys and agents of the undersigned, with full power of substitution and resubstitution to each of said attorneys, to execute, file or deliver any and all instruments and to do all acts and things which said attorneys and agents, or any of them, deem advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing under said Securities Exchange Act of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, including specifically, but without limitation of the general authority hereby granted, the power and authority to sign his name as a director or officer, or both, of the Corporation, to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, or any amendment, post-effective amendment, or papers supplemental thereto to be filed in respect of said Annual Report on Form 10-K and each of the undersigned does hereby fully ratify and confirm all that said attorneys and agents, or any of them, or the substitute of any of them, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has subscribed these presents, as of the 10th day of February, 2023. 
 Signature Title s MARC R. BITZER Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Marc R. Bitzer 
 s JAMES W. PETERS Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 James W. Peters 
 s CHRISTOPHER S. CONLEY Vice President and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Christopher S. Conley s SAMUEL R. ALLEN Director Samuel R. Allen 
 s GREG CREED Director Greg Creed s GARY T. DICAMILLO Director Gary T. DiCamillo 
 s DIANE M. DIETZ Director Diane M. Dietz s GERRI T. ELLIOTT Director Gerri T. Elliott s JENNIFER A. LACLAIR Director Jennifer A. LaClair 
 s JOHN D. LIU 
 Director John D. Liu 
 s JAMES M. LOREE 
 Director James M. Loree 
 s HARISH MANWANI 
 Director Harish Manwani 
 s PATRICIA K. POPPE Director Patricia K. Poppe 
 s LARRY O. SPENCER 
 Director Larry O. Spencer 
 s MICHAEL D. WHITE Director Michael D. White 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exb311-12312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Marc R. Bitzer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Whirlpool Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 10, 2023 s MARC R. BITZER Name Marc R. Bitzer Title Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exb312-12312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, James W. Peters, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Whirlpool Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 10, 2023 s JAMES W. PETERS Name James W. Peters Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 exb321-12312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Whirlpool Corporation Whirlpool for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Marc R. Bitzer, as Chief Executive Officer of Whirlpool, and James W. Peters, as Chief Financial Officer of Whirlpool, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Whirlpool. 
 
 s MARC R. BITZER Name Marc R. Bitzer Title Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date February 10, 2023 s JAMES W. PETERS Name James W. Peters Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date February 10, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 whr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 whr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 whr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 whr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 whr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

