<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_89800_0000089800-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18243731</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>366526</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2933255</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6645395</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4197427</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3777027</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000089800-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222153908
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000089800-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		135
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SHERWIN WILLIAMS CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000089800
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-BUILDING MATERIALS, HARDWARE, GARDEN SUPPLY [5200]
		IRS NUMBER:				340526850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04851
		FILM NUMBER:		23652890

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 PROSPECT AVE NW
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44115
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2165662200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 PROSPECT AVE NW
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000089800-23-000007.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 shw-20221231.htm
 10-K

shw-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 S ecurities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant at June 30, 2022 was (computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold on such date). 
 At January 31, 2023, shares of common stock were outstanding, net of treasury shares. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY 
 Table of Contents 

Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2. Properties 
 16 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 17 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 17 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 18 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 21 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 90 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 90 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 90 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 90 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 91 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 91 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 92 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 92 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 92 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 93 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 99 
 Signatures 
 100 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Introduction 
 The Sherwin-Williams Company, founded in 1866 and incorporated in Ohio in 1884, is engaged in the development, manufacture, distribution and sale of paint, coatings and related products to professional, industrial, commercial and retail customers primarily in North and South America with additional operations in the Caribbean region, Europe, Asia and Australia. Our principal executive offices are located at 101 West Prospect Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio 44115-1075, telephone (216) 566-2000. As used in this report, the terms Sherwin-Williams, Company, we and our mean The Sherwin-Williams Company and its consolidated subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 Available Information 
 We make available free of charge on or through our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). You may access these documents on our Investor Relations website, investors.sherwin.com. 
 We also make available free of charge on our website our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Director Independence Standards, our Code of Conduct and the charters of our Audit Committee, our Compensation and Management Development Committee and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. You may access these documents on our Investor Relations website, investors.sherwin.com. 
 Basis of Reportable Segments 
 The Company reports its segment information in the same way that management internally organizes its business for assessing performance and making decisions regarding allocation of resources. The Company has three reportable operating segments: The Americas Group, Consumer Brands Group and Performance Coatings Group (individually, a Reportable Segment and collectively, the Reportable Segments ). The Company reports all other business activities and immaterial operating segments that are not reportable in the Administrative segment. For more information about the Reportable Segments, see Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 The Americas Group 
 The Americas Group consisted of 4,931 company-operated specialty paint stores in the United States, Canada, Latin America and the Caribbean region at December 31, 2022. Each store in this segment is engaged in servicing the needs of architectural and industrial paint contractors and do-it-yourself homeowners. These stores market and sell Sherwin-Williams and other controlled brand architectural paint and coatings, protective and marine products, OEM product finishes and related products. The majority of these products are produced by manufacturing facilities in the Consumer Brands Group. In addition, each store sells select purchased associated products. In addition to our stores in the Latin America region, The Americas Group meets regional customer demands through developing, licensing, manufacturing, distributing and selling a variety of architectural paints, coatings and related products in North and South America. The loss of any single customer would not have a material adverse effect on the business of this segment. 
 Consumer Brands Group 
 The Consumer Brands Group manufactures and supplies a broad portfolio of branded and private-label architectural paint, stains, varnishes, industrial products, wood finishes products, wood preservatives, applicators, corrosion inhibitors, aerosols, caulks and adhesives to retailers and distributors throughout North America, as well as in China and Europe. The Consumer Brands Group also supports the Company s other businesses around the world with new product research and development, manufacturing, distribution and logistics. Approximately 67 of the total sales of the Consumer Brands Group in 2022 were intersegment transfers of products primarily sold through The Americas Group. Sales and marketing of certain controlled brand and private-label products is performed by a direct sales staff. The products distributed through third-party customers are intended for resale to the ultimate end-user of the product. The Consumer Brands Group had sales to certain customers that, individually, may be a significant portion of the sales and related profitability of the segment. This segment incurred most of the Company s capital expenditures related to ongoing environmental compliance measures at sites currently in operation. 
 Performance Coatings Group 
 The Performance Coatings Group develops and sells industrial coatings for wood finishing and general industrial (metal and plastic) applications, automotive refinish, protective and marine coatings, coil coatings, packaging coatings and performance-based resins and colorants worldwide. This segment licenses certain technology and trade names worldwide. Sherwin-Williams and other controlled brand products are distributed through The Americas Group and this segment s 317 company- 
 1 

Table of Contents 

operated branches and by a direct sales staff and outside sales representatives to retailers, dealers, jobbers, licensees and other third-party distributors. The Performance Coatings Group had sales to certain customers that, individually, may be a significant portion of the sales of the segment. However, the loss of any single customer would not have a material adverse effect on the overall profitability of the segment. 
 Administrative Segment 
 The Administrative segment includes the administrative expenses of the Company s corporate headquarters site. Also included in the Administrative segment is interest expense, interest and investment income, certain expenses related to closed facilities and environmental-related matters and other expenses which are not directly associated with the Reportable Segments. The Administrative segment does not include any significant foreign operations. Also included in the Administrative segment is the operations of a real estate management unit that is responsible for the ownership, management, and leasing of non-retail properties held primarily for use by the Company, including the Company s headquarters site, and disposal of idle facilities. Sales of this segment represent external leasing revenue of excess headquarters space or leasing of facilities no longer used by the Company in its primary businesses. Material gains and losses from the sale of property are infrequent and not a significant operating factor in determining the performance of the Administrative segment. 
 Raw Materials and Products Purchased for Resale 
 Raw materials and products purchased for resale make up the majority of our consolidated cost of goods sold. Raw materials may vary considerably by the specific paint or coating being manufactured but can generally be divided into the following categories: resins and latex, pigments, additives, solvents, and metal or plastic containers. A significant portion of these raw materials are derived from various upstream petrochemical and related commodity feedstocks, notably propylene. Raw materials are sourced from multiple suppliers globally, typically within the geographic region where our products are being manufactured. A portion of specialized resins and other products are manufactured in house. We also purchase a variety of products for resale that are highly complementary to our paint and coating offerings, notably spray equipment and parts, floorcovering, and assorted sundries. We attempt, if feasible, to mitigate our potential risk associated with the sourcing of our raw materials and other products through inventory management, strategic relationships with key suppliers, alternative sourcing strategies and long-term investments to expand our manufacturing capabilities. See Item 1A Risk Factors for more information regarding cost and sourcing of raw materials. 
 Seasonality 
 The majority of the sales for the Reportable Segments traditionally occur during the second and third quarters. However, periods of economic downturn can alter these seasonal patterns. There is no significant seasonality in sales for the Administrative segment. 
 Working Capital 
 In order to meet increased demand during the second and third quarters, the Company usually builds its inventories during the first quarter. Working capital items (inventories and accounts receivable) are generally financed through short-term borrowings, which include the use of lines of credit and the issuance of commercial paper. For a description of the Company s liquidity and capital resources, see the Financial Condition, Liquidity and Cash Flow section in Item 7. 
 Trademarks and Trade Names 
 Customer recognition of trademarks and trade names owned or licensed by the Company collectively contribute significantly to our sales. The major trademarks and trade names used by each of the Reportable Segments are set forth below. 
 The Americas Group: Sherwin-Williams , A-100 , Builders Solution , Captivate , Cashmere , Colorgin , Condor , Duration , Emerald , Kem Tone , Latitude , Loxon , Metalatex , Novacor , Painters Edge Plus , ProClassic , ProCraft , Pro Industrial , ProMar , SuperDeck , SuperPaint , Woodscapes 
 Consumer Brands Group: Cabot , Dupli-Color , Dutch Boy , Geocel , HGTV HOME by Sherwin-Williams, Huarun , Krylon , Minwax , Purdy , Ronseal , Thompson s WaterSeal , Valspar , White Lightning 
 Performance Coatings Group: Sherwin-Williams , Acrolon , AcromaPro , ATX , DeBeer Refinish , Duraspar , EcoDex , Envirolastic , Excelo , EzDex , Fastline , Firetex , Fluropon , Heat-Flex , House of Kolor , Huarun , Inver , Kem Aqua , Lazzuril , Macropoxy , Martin Senour , Matrix Edge , M.L. Campbell , Octoral , PermaClad , Polane , Powdura , Sayerlack , Sher-Wood , Sumar , Ultra 9K , Ultra 7000 , ValPure , Valspar 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Patents 
 Although patents and licenses are not of material importance to our business as a whole or any segment, The Americas Group and the Performance Coatings Group derive a portion of their income from the licensing of technology, trademarks and trade names to foreign companies. 
 Backlog and Productive Capacity 
 Backlog orders are not typically significant in the business of any Reportable Segment since there is normally a short period of time between the placing of an order and shipment. During 2022 , we experienced raw material shortages and labor constraints that impacted our production and ability to meet customer orders. We believe that sufficient productive capacity currently exists to fulfill our needs for paint, coatings and related products during 2023. 
 Competition 
 We experience competition from many local, regional, national and international competitors of various sizes in the manufacture, distribution and sale of our paint, coatings and related products. We are a leading manufacturer and retailer of paint, coatings and related products to professional, industrial, commercial and retail customers, however, our competitive position varies for our different products and markets. 
 In The Americas Group, competitors include other paint and wallpaper stores, mass merchandisers, home centers, independent hardware stores, hardware chains and manufacturer-operated direct outlets. Product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, service and price determine the competitive advantage for this segment. 
 In the Consumer Brands Group, domestic and foreign competitors include manufacturers and distributors of branded and private-label paint and coatings products. Technology, product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service and price are the key competitive factors for this segment. 
 The Performance Coatings Group has numerous competitors in its domestic and foreign markets with broad product offerings and several others with niche products. Key competitive factors for this segment include technology, product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service and price. 
 The Administrative segment has many competitors consisting of other real estate owners, developers and managers in areas in which this segment owns property. The main competitive factors are the availability of property and price. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 The success of our business and ability to execute on our strategy depend in large part on our ability to attract, retain, develop and progress a diverse population of qualified employees at all levels of our organization. At December 31, 2022, we employed 64,366 people worldwide, of which 75 were in the United States and 25 were in other global regions. 
 Our commitment to our people is embedded in the Company s corporate purpose and guiding values. Through our purpose, we strive to inspire and improve the world by coloring and protecting what matters. Our employees are instrumental in fulfilling this purpose through the development, manufacture, distribution and sale of innovative paint and coatings products. The Company s seven guiding values integrity, people, service, quality, performance, innovation and growth drive how we fulfill our purpose, emphasize the importance of our global workforce and serve as the foundation of our culture of excellence . 
 We have developed key strategies, objectives and measures as part of the overall management of our business that support our global workforce and enable us to attract, retain, develop and progress top talent in a competitive labor market. These strategies, objectives and measures are advanced through programs, policies and initiatives focused on inclusion, diversity and equity (ID E), talent acquisition and employee engagement, occupational health and safety and total rewards, which includes compensation and benefits programs and practices. 
 Inclusion, Diversity and Equity . We strive to foster a culture of inclusion and belonging where differences are welcomed, appreciated and celebrated to positively impact our people and business. Reflected in the Company s Code of Conduct and reinforced through our actions, training and attitudes, fostering an inclusive culture is a moral and business imperative. The building blocks of our ID E strategy include: 
 Educate and communicate to drive success: Building awareness of inclusive leadership behaviors to leverage the unique contributions of each employee to positively impact our people and business results. 
 Fill the pipeline with the best talent: Attracting the best talent pool that reflects the diversity of the communities in which we serve and do business. 
 Develop and engage talent by investing in our people: Investing in our people by providing networking and learning opportunities to drive retention, progression and engagement. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Progress talent by embedding equity into talent planning: Embedding equity into talent practices, processes, tools and resources at all levels. 
 Creating a supportive, welcoming environment across our global footprint is the shared responsibility of all employees, including our senior leaders. Each year, our senior leaders attend an ID E education and training session to assist us in maintaining our commitment to leading with inclusion and leveraging the diversity of our workforce. During 2022, we held our annual CEO Forums on Inclusion, which are designed to encourage open discussions with employees that are led by our Chief Executive Officer and other senior leaders about opportunities to advance our culture of inclusion and belonging. We also continued our focus on driving allyship and empathy through conscious inclusion training across our global workforce and elevating the visibility and prominence of our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). These voluntary, employee-led networks are organized around a shared underrepresented demographic, and membership spans across 250 chapters globally. ERGs bring together employees from various groups, divisions and functional teams to foster more inclusive workplaces, create greater synergy around business objectives and serve as a hub for professional development and mentorship opportunities that enable our employees to thrive and find long-term success at Sherwin-Williams. 
 Talent Acquisition and Employee Engagement. Through our integrated talent management strategy, we strive to attract, retain, develop and progress a workforce that embraces our culture of inclusion and reflects our diversity efforts. This strategy connects major milestones in the employee journey, including talent acquisition, onboarding, performance management, leadership and management development, succession and career progression, and is supported by our focus on employee engagement, ID E, workforce analytics and human resources information technology governance. The Company s early talent programs, including our management trainee program and similar programs across our global business, play a critical role in attracting, developing and advancing a diverse pipeline of talent. During 2022, we hired approximately 1,400 college graduates through our management trainee program as part of our long-term growth initiatives. We also partner with various colleges and universities, including Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Hispanic-Serving Institutions, to attract women, underrepresented racial or ethnic groups, individuals with disabilities, veterans and other candidates into the talent pipeline. 
 We invest in our people by providing learning and employee networking opportunities, including through our ERGs, to drive retention, development and engagement and help employees excel in their current and future roles. During 2022, our employees completed thousands of hours of online and instructor-led courses across a broad range of categories, including leadership, ID E, professional skills, technical and compliance. We measure our progress toward creating an inclusive culture that empowers employees to learn, grow and achieve their aspirations by conducting periodic pulse surveys and our global engagement survey, which we first conducted during 2021 and expect to conduct every other year. We are focused on using these survey results to drive continued progress with our efforts. 
 Occupational Health and Safety. Providing safe and healthy working environments for our employees is a core value. We have a consistent focus on Environmental, Health and Safety excellence that promotes employee health and safety, process safety, and occupational health, including evaluation and implementation of reasonable preventative measures to reduce workplace injuries and illness. We strive for incident-free workplaces continuously assessing and improving the programs that are in place to help keep our employees, customers and communities safe. 
 Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented modifications throughout our business and health and safety programs designed to protect the health and well-being of our employees and customers. These efforts have included, and may continue to include where necessary and appropriate, enhanced cleaning and sanitation procedures and return to work protocols. These efforts also continue to include permitting remote, alternate and flexible work arrangements where possible to promote increased flexibility and support employee health and safety, while maintaining our focus on innovation, collaboration, and engagement. 
 Total Rewards. We prioritize the fair, consistent and equitable treatment of our employees in relation to working conditions, wages, benefits, policies and procedures. The Company s policies and programs are designed to respond to the needs of our employees in a manner that provides a safe, professional, efficient and rewarding workplace. Our total rewards programs are designed to offer competitive compensation, comprehensive benefits and other programs to support employees growth, both personally and professionally, and the diverse needs and well-being of our employees worldwide. 
 Over the past few years, we have enhanced certain of the Company s benefits and practices to support the health and well-being of our employees through the COVID-19 pandemic and other challenges. Our enhanced benefits have included tele-health, paid sick leave, family leave and voluntary leave of absence policies and programs. We also have rewarded our employees resiliency and hard work and made changes in our business to encourage retention, including through wage increases, reduced store hours and employee benefits enhancements. During 2022, we continued enhancing the benefits we provide to our employees, including by extending our employee assistance program to our global workforce. The program provides mental 
 4 

Table of Contents 

health and well-being, family, career, lifestyle, legal and financial resources, tools and services designed to support our employees across all aspects of their lives. 
 Regulatory Compliance 
 For additional information regarding environmental-related matters, see Notes 1, 11 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 Certain statements contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Letter to Shareholders and elsewhere in this report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based upon management s current expectations, predictions, estimates, assumptions and beliefs concerning future events and conditions and may discuss, among other things, anticipated future performance (including sales and earnings), expected growth, future business plans and the costs and potential liability for environmental-related matters and the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation. Any statement that is not historical in nature is a forward-looking statement and may be identified by the use of words and phrases such as believe, expect, may, will, should, project, could, plan, goal, target, potential, seek, intend, aspire, strive or anticipate or the negative thereof or comparable terminology. 
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are necessarily subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements and from our historical results, performance and experience. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include such things as: 
 general business conditions, strengths of retail and manufacturing economies and growth in the coatings industry; 
 changes in general domestic and international economic conditions, including due to higher inflation rates, interest rates, tax rates and unemployment rates, higher labor and healthcare costs, recessions and changing government policies, laws and regulations; 
 changes in raw material and energy supplies and pricing; 
 disruptions in the supply chain, including those caused by industry capacity constraints, labor shortages, raw material availability, and transportation and logistics delays and constraints; 
 adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, including those that may be related to climate change or otherwise, and public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 losses of or changes in our relationships with customers and suppliers; 
 competitive factors, including pricing pressures and product innovation and quality; 
 our ability to successfully integrate past and future acquisitions into our existing operations, as well as the performance of the businesses acquired; 
 our ability to achieve expected benefits of restructuring and productivity initiatives; 
 weakening of global credit markets and our ability to generate cash to service our indebtedness; 
 risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into and our operations in Asia, Europe, South America and other foreign markets, including general economic conditions, policy changes affecting international trade, political instability, inflation rates, recessions, sanctions, foreign currency exchange rates and controls, foreign investment and repatriation restrictions, legal and regulatory constraints, civil unrest, armed conflict (including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine), war and other economic and political factors; 
 the achievement of growth in foreign markets, such as Asia, Europe and South America; 
 cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions to our information technology systems and operations; 
 our ability to protect or enforce our material trademarks and other intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to attract, retain, develop and progress a qualified global workforce; 
 damage to our business, reputation, image or brands due to negative publicity; 
 increasingly stringent domestic and foreign governmental regulations, including those affecting health, safety and the environment; 
 inherent uncertainties involved in assessing our potential liability for environmental-related activities; 
 other changes in governmental policies, laws and regulations, including changes in tariff policies, as well as changes in accounting policies and standards and taxation requirements (such as new or revised tax laws or interpretations); and 
 5 

Table of Contents 

the nature, cost, quantity and outcome of pending and future litigation and other claims, including the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation, and the effect of any legislation and administrative regulations relating thereto. 
 Readers are cautioned that it is not possible to predict or identify all of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect future results and that the above list should not be considered a complete list. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The risks described below and in other documents we file from time to time with the SEC could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risks affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition in the future. Readers should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. 
 ECONOMIC AND STRATEGIC RISKS 
 Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
 Our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions. Adverse changes in such conditions in the United States and worldwide may reduce the demand for some of our products, adversely impact our ability to predict and meet any future changes in the demand for our products, and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. Higher inflation rates, interest rates, tax rates and unemployment rates, higher labor and healthcare costs, recessions, changing governmental policies, laws and regulations, business disruptions due to cybersecurity incidents, terrorist activity, armed conflict (including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine), war, public health crises (including the COVID-19 pandemic), adverse weather conditions or natural disasters (including those that may be related to climate change or otherwise), supply chain disruptions (including those caused by industry capacity constraints, labor shortages, raw material availability, and transportation and logistics delays and constraints), and other economic factors have in the past and could in the future adversely affect demand for some of our products, our ability to predict and meet any future changes in the demand for our products, the availability, delivery or cost of raw materials, our ability to adequately staff and maintain operations at affected facilities and our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition and that of our customers, vendors and suppliers. With respect to inflation in particular, we expect inflationary pressure to impact consumer behavior during 2023, including in the United States and Europe housing markets and as a result of elevated mortgage rates. Any such shift in consumer behavior could adversely affect the demand for some of our products and our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
 Protracted duration of economic downturns in cyclical segments of the economy may depress the demand for some of our products and adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition. 
 Portions of our business involve the sale of paint, coatings and related products to segments of the economy that are cyclical in nature, particularly segments relating to construction, housing, manufacturing and oil production, refining, storage and transportation. Our sales to these segments are affected by the levels of discretionary consumer and business spending in these segments. During economic downturns in these segments, the levels of consumer and business discretionary spending may decrease, and the recovery of these segments may lag behind the recovery of the overall economy. This decrease in spending likely will reduce the demand for some of our products and may adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition. 
 In response to increasing inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve began to raise interest rates in March 2022 and since then, has signaled it expects to make additional rate increases. We expect inflationary pressure to impact consumer behavior during 2023, particularly in the United States and Europe housing markets and as a result of elevated mortgage rates. Rising interest rates and any such shift in consumer behavior may adversely affect the demand for new residential homes, existing home turnover and new non-residential construction. A worsening in these segments will reduce the demand for some of our products and may adversely impact sales, earnings and cash flow. 
 In the U.S. construction and housing segments, we continue to see project backlogs due to contractors experiencing a shortage of skilled workers, resulting in an adverse effect on the growth rate of demand for our products. While we would typically expect to see higher demand for our products as project backlogs are reduced in the future, rising inflation and other economic 
 6 

Table of Contents 

conditions may delay a recovery in demand, which may result in the labor shortage and such other conditions adversely impacting our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition. 
 Public health crises, including pandemics and the measures taken by public health and governmental authorities to address them, could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity and financial condition in the future. 
 Our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition were adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the impacts resulting from efforts by public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat the outbreak and spread of COVID-19. The pandemic caused us to make significant changes throughout our business designed to protect the health and well-being of our employees and customers. These changes resulted in additional costs and adversely impacted our business and financial performance. We continue to evaluate the changes we have made in our business and work with public health, government and other authorities and organizations, as necessary and appropriate, to maintain our operations and support the health and well-being of our employees, customers and their families. The pandemic also severely impacted the global economy (and continues to impact certain regional economies more than others), disrupted consumer spending and global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets, all of which have adversely affected our business, including as a result of occasional, temporary disruptions and closures of some of our facilities, shifts in consumer behaviors and preferences and impacts in the demand for some of our products. 
 Public health crises (including the COVID-19 pandemic if current conditions were to worsen for an extended period) and the measures taken by public health and governmental authorities to address them, could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity and financial condition in the future. The extent of the impact of any public health crisis to our business will depend on numerous factors that we may not be able to predict or control, including, but not limited to: (a) the duration, severity and scope of the crisis, including the spread of new virus strains and variants; (b) rapidly-changing governmental and public health directives to address it; (c) the development, availability, effectiveness and distribution of treatments and vaccines; (d) the extent and duration of its adverse and/or volatile effects on economic and social activity, supply chain logistics, inflationary pressures, consumer confidence, discretionary spending and preferences, labor and healthcare costs, labor markets and unemployment rates; (e) our ability to sell, provide and meet the demand for our services and products; (f) any temporary reduction in our workforce or closures of our offices and facilities and our ability to adequately staff and maintain our operations; (g) the ability of our customers and suppliers to continue their operations; and (h) any impairment in value of our tangible or intangible assets which could be recorded as a result of weaker economic conditions. 
 FINANCIAL RISKS 
 A weakening of global credit markets could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
 A weakening of global credit markets could adversely impact our net sales, the collection of accounts receivable, funding for working capital needs, expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses, access to capital and our investments, which could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
 We finance a portion of our sales through trade credit. Credit markets remain tight, and some customers who require financing for their businesses have not been able to obtain, and may in the future have difficulty obtaining, necessary financing. A continuation or worsening of these conditions could limit our ability to collect our accounts receivable, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
 We generally fund a portion of our seasonal working capital needs and obtain funding for other general corporate purposes through short-term borrowings backed by our revolving credit facility and other financing facilities. If any of the banks in these credit and financing facilities are unable to perform on their commitments, such inability could adversely impact our cash flow, liquidity or financial condition, including our ability to obtain funding for working capital needs and other general corporate purposes. 
 Although we have available credit facilities to fund our current operating needs, we cannot be certain we will be able to replace our existing credit facilities or refinance our existing or future debt when necessary. Our cost of borrowing and ability to access the capital markets are affected not only by market conditions, but also by our debt and credit ratings assigned by the major credit rating agencies. Downgrades in these ratings likely would increase our cost of borrowing and could have an adverse effect on our access to the capital markets, including our access to the commercial paper market. An inability to access the capital markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
 We have goodwill and intangible assets recorded on our balance sheet. We periodically evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of our goodwill and intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate such value may not be recoverable. An impairment assessment involves judgment as to assumptions regarding future sales and cash flow and the impact of market conditions on those assumptions. Future events and changing market conditions may impact our assumptions 
 7 

Table of Contents 

and change our estimates of future sales and cash flow, resulting in us incurring substantial impairment charges, which would adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 We hold investments in equity and debt securities in some of our defined benefit pension plans. A decrease in the value of plan assets resulting from a general financial downturn may cause a negative pension plan investment performance, which may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
 We require a significant amount of cash to service the substantial amount of debt we have outstanding. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. We also depend on the business of our subsidiaries to satisfy our cash needs. If we cannot generate the required cash, we may not be able to make the necessary payments required under our indebtedness. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had total debt of approximately 10.570 billion, which is an increase of 954.7 million since December 31, 2021. We have the ability under our existing credit facilities to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. Our ability to make payments on our debt, fund our other liquidity needs, and make planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. Our ability to generate cash, to a certain extent, is subject to general business, economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control, including public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters (including those that may be related to climate change or otherwise), supply chain disruptions, changes in raw material and energy supplies and pricing and related impacts. We cannot guarantee our business will generate sufficient cash flow from our operations or future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make payments of our debt, fund other liquidity needs and make planned capital expenditures. 
 The degree to which we are leveraged could have important consequences for shareholders. For example, it could: 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other long-term growth initiatives and general corporate purposes; 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse business, economic or industry conditions; 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future to enable us to react to changes in our business or general business, economic or industry conditions; or 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less debt. 
 Additionally, any failure to comply with covenants in the instruments governing our debt could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 A significant portion of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow for our needs is dependent to some extent on the earnings of our subsidiaries and the payment of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from us. Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities. Our subsidiaries have no obligation to pay any amounts due on our debt or to provide us with funds to meet our cash flow needs, whether in the form of dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. Further, any payment of dividends, loans or advances by our subsidiaries could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. Payments to us by our subsidiaries will also be contingent upon our subsidiaries earnings and business considerations. Our right to receive any assets of any of our subsidiaries upon their liquidation or reorganization will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary s creditors, including trade creditors. Even if we are a creditor of any of our subsidiaries, our rights as a creditor would be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of our subsidiaries and any indebtedness of our subsidiaries senior to that held by us. Finally, changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely affect the ability of some of our foreign subsidiaries to repatriate funds to us. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
 Because of our international operations, we are exposed to risk associated with interest rates and value changes in foreign currencies, which may adversely affect our business. Historically, our reported net sales, earnings, cash flow and financial condition have been subjected to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Our primary exchange rate exposure is with the Euro, the Chinese yuan, the Canadian dollar, the Brazilian real, the British pound, and the Mexican peso, each against the U.S. dollar. While we actively manage the exposure of our foreign currency risk as part of our overall financial risk management policy, we believe we may experience losses from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and such losses could adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 Unexpected shortages and increases in the cost of raw materials and energy may adversely affect our earnings or cash flow. 
 We purchase raw materials (including petrochemical-derived resins, latex and solvents, titanium dioxide and various additives) and energy for use in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our products. Factors such as political instability, higher tariffs, supply chain disruptions, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters (including those that may be related to climate change or otherwise), or public health crises have disrupted, and may in the future disrupt, the availability of raw material and fuel supplies, adversely impact our ability to meet customer demands for some of our products or adequately staff and maintain operations at affected facilities and increase our costs. In addition, environmental and social regulations, including regulations related to climate change or otherwise, may negatively impact us or our suppliers in terms of availability and cost of raw materials, as well as sources and supply of energy. 
 Although raw materials and energy supplies (including oil and natural gas) are generally available from various sources in sufficient quantities, unexpected shortages and increases in the cost of raw materials and energy, or any deterioration in our relationships with or the financial viability of our suppliers, may have an adverse effect on our earnings or cash flow. In the event we experience supply chain disruptions from our suppliers, we may not be able to timely shift to internal production or secure alternate sources in order to prevent significant impacts to our business, or we may experience quality issues with raw materials and energy sourced from alternate sources. During 2022, industry-wide shortages of alkyd resins impacted our ability to manufacture and meet the demand of some of our products, including certain stains, aerosols and industrial products. If these shortages continue or worsen, and we are unable to offset the shortages through internal production or alternate sources, we may experience adverse impacts to our business, including adverse effects to our earnings and cash flow. 
 If the cost of raw materials and energy increases, we may not be able to offset higher costs in a timely manner by sufficiently decreasing our operating costs or raising the prices of our products. In recent years, some raw material and energy prices have increased, particularly titanium dioxide and petrochemical feedstock sources, such as propylene and ethylene, as well as metal and plastic packaging. While we have started to see a decline in some raw material prices in recent months, the cost of raw materials and energy could continue to experience periods of volatility in the future and may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. 
 Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including those that may be related to climate change or otherwise, may temporarily reduce the demand for some of our products, impact our ability to meet the demand for our products or cause supply chain disruptions and increased costs, and could have a negative effect on our sales, earnings or cash flow. 
 Our business is seasonal in nature, with the second and third quarters typically generating a higher proportion of sales and earnings than other quarters. From time to time, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including those that may be related to climate change or otherwise, have had or may have an adverse effect on our sales, manufacture and distribution of paint, coatings and related products. In the event adverse weather conditions or a natural disaster cause significant damage to any one or more of our principal manufacturing or distribution facilities, we may not be able to manufacture the products needed to meet customer demand, which could have an adverse effect on our sales of certain paint, coatings and related products. 
 Also from time to time, the impact of these risks to our suppliers have had or may have an adverse effect on our sales, manufacture and distribution of certain of our products. Adverse weather conditions or natural disasters and their impacts have resulted, and may in the future result, in industry-wide supply chain disruptions, increased raw material and other costs, and our hindered ability to manufacture the products needed to fully meet customer demand. 
 In any of these instances, an adverse effect on sales may cause a reduction in our earnings or cash flow. 
 Although we have an extensive customer base, the loss of any of our largest customers could adversely affect our sales, earnings or cash flow. 
 We have a large and varied customer base due to our extensive distribution platform. During 2022, no individual customer accounted for sales totaling more than ten percent of our sales. However, we have some customers that, individually, purchase a large amount of products from us. Although our broad distribution channels help to minimize the impact of the loss of any one customer or the loss of a significant amount of sales to any one customer, the loss of any of these large customers, or the loss of significant amount of sales to any of these large customers, could have an adverse effect on our sales, earnings or cash flow. 
 Increased competition or failure to keep pace with developments in key competitive areas of our business may reduce our sales, earnings or cash flow performance. 
 We face substantial competition from many international, national, regional and local competitors of various sizes in the manufacture, distribution and sale of our paint, coatings and related products. Some of our competitors operate more extensively in certain regions around the world and have greater financial or operational resources to compete internationally. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Other competitors are smaller and may be able to offer more specialized products. Technology, product quality, product innovation and development (including relating to increased customer interest in the sustainability attributes of products and our related key strategies and initiatives for expanding our product offerings), breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service and price are key competitive factors for our business. Competition in any of these areas, or failure to keep pace with developments in any of these areas, may reduce our sales and adversely affect our earnings or cash flow by resulting in decreased sales volumes, reduced prices and increased costs of manufacturing, distributing and selling our products. 
 Our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate past and future acquisitions into our existing operations and if the performance of the businesses we acquire do not meet our expectations. 
 We have historically made strategic acquisitions of businesses in the paint and coatings industry and likely will acquire additional businesses in the future as part of our long-term growth strategy and initiatives. During 2022, we invested 1.003 billion to complete five acquisitions. The success of past and future acquisitions depends in large part on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions, particularly when the acquired businesses operate in new or foreign markets. In the event we do not successfully integrate such past and future acquisitions into our existing operations so as to realize the expected return on our investment, our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We may not successfully execute or achieve the expected benefits of our current business restructuring plan or other productivity initiatives we may take in the future. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we approved a business restructuring plan to simplify our operating model and portfolio of brands within the Consumer Brands Group and to reduce costs in all regions in the Consumer Brands Group, Performance Coatings Group and the Administrative segment. Key focus areas within the Consumer Brands Group include the China architectural business, aerosol portfolio and optimization of the overall retail portfolio. The majority of these restructuring actions are expected to be completed by the end of 2023. In the event we do not successfully execute on our restructuring plan or other productivity initiatives and are unable to realize expected benefits, our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition could be adversely affected. We discuss the restructuring plan in more detail in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 Risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into and our operations in Asia, Europe, South America and other foreign markets could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
 Net external sales of our consolidated foreign subsidiaries totaled approximately 19.4 , 21.2 and 19.5 of our total consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Sales outside of the United States make up a significant part of our current business and future strategic plans. Our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition could be adversely affected by a variety of domestic and international factors, including general economic conditions, political instability, inflation rates, recessions, sanctions, tariffs, foreign currency exchange rates, foreign currency exchange controls, interest rates, foreign investment and repatriation restrictions, legal and regulatory constraints, civil unrest, armed conflict (including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine), war, difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and other economic and political factors. In addition, public health crises (including the COVID-19 pandemic) in foreign jurisdictions may temporarily reduce the demand for some of our products and adversely affect the availability and cost of raw materials. During 2022, COVID-related lockdowns in China caused significant weakness in the demand for some of our products and adversely affected our sales in the region. Our inability to successfully manage the risks and uncertainties relating to any of these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. 
 In many foreign countries, it is not uncommon for others to engage in certain business practices we are prohibited from engaging in because of regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act. Recent years have seen a substantial increase in anti-bribery law enforcement activity, with more frequent and aggressive investigations and enforcement proceedings by both U.S. and non-U.S. regulators, and an increase in criminal and civil proceedings brought against companies and individuals. Although we have internal control policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these regulations, there can be no assurance our policies and procedures will prevent a violation of these regulations. Any violation could cause an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. 
 Policy changes affecting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position. 
 Due to the international scope of our operations, changes in government policies on foreign trade and investment may affect the demand for our products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. Our business benefits from free trade agreements, which may include the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement and EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement, and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher 
 10 

Table of Contents 

tariffs, import or export licensing requirements, exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flow and that of our customers, vendors and suppliers. 
 Cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions to our information technology systems could interfere with our operations, result in the compromise or loss of critical and confidential information and severely harm our business. 
 We rely on information technology systems to conduct our business, including recording and processing transactions, manufacturing and selling our products, researching and developing new products, maintaining and growing our competitive position, and supporting and communicating with our employees, customers, suppliers and other vendors. These information technology systems are important to many business-critical processes including, but not limited to, production planning, manufacturing, finance, company operations, research and development, sales and customer service. Some of these systems are maintained or operated by third-party providers, including cloud-based systems. Cyber attacks and cybersecurity threats are increasingly sophisticated, constantly evolving and originate from many sources globally, and often cannot be recognized until launched against a target. Despite our efforts to prevent these threats and disruptions to our information technology systems, these systems may be affected by damage or interruption resulting from, among other causes, cyber attacks, security breaches, power outages, system failures or malware that take the form of phishing and other computer viruses, ransomware, worms, Trojan horses, spyware, adware, rogue software and other programs that act against the system user. These risks are expected to continue to be magnified due to the increased reliance on information technology systems to conduct our business, including those used in furtherance of supporting remote and hybrid in-office work environments and managing our global operations. Disruptions to these systems may impair our ability to conduct business and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 As part of our business, we collect and handle sensitive and confidential information about our business, customers, employees and suppliers. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those third parties with which we do business, may be vulnerable to cyber attacks, security breaches, malware, viruses, ransomware, power outages, system failures, acts of vandalism, human or technical errors or other similar events or disruptions. Our information, facilities and systems could also be impacted by the intentional or unintentional improper conduct of our employees, vendors or others who have access to and may misappropriate sensitive and confidential information. Any such event involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of information, whether impacting us or third parties with which we do business, could result in losses, damage our reputation or relationships with customers and suppliers, expose us to the risks of litigation, regulatory action and liability, disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We continue to mitigate these risks in a number of ways, including through additional investment, engagement of third-party experts and consultants, improving the security of our facilities and systems (including through upgrades to our security and information technology systems), providing annual training for all employees (with more enhanced or frequent training based on role or responsibility), assessing the continued appropriateness of relevant insurance coverage and strengthening our controls and procedures to monitor, mitigate and respond appropriately to these threats. 
 The domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security, collection and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and rapidly changing requirements applicable to our business, which often require changes to our business practices. Compliance with these requirements, including the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act and other international and domestic regulations, are costly and will result in additional costs in our efforts to continue to comply. 
 Our ability to attract, retain, develop and progress a qualified global workforce could adversely impact our business and impair our ability to meet our strategic objectives and the needs of our customers. 
 Our continued success depends in part on our ability to identify, attract and onboard qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, skills and experience and our ability to retain, develop, progress and engage qualified employees across our business, including our stores, fleet, manufacturing, research and development, information technology, corporate and other operations and functions. Competition for talent is intense, and we are facing increased wage rates and labor shortages due to a tightened labor market and other macroeconomic conditions. To the extent we are unable to remain competitive with our total rewards programs (which includes compensation and benefits programs and practices), talent management strategy, inclusive workplace culture and related inclusion, diversity and equity and employee engagement strategies, initiatives, programs and practices, or if qualified candidates or employees become more difficult to attract or retain under reasonable terms, we may experience higher labor-related costs and may be unable to attract, retain, develop and progress a qualified global workforce, which could adversely affect our business and future success and impair our ability to meet our strategic objectives and the needs of our customers. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Our business, reputation, image and brands could be damaged by negative publicity. 
 Our reputation, image and recognized brands significantly contribute to our business and success. Our reputation and image is critical to retaining and growing our customer base and our relationships with other stakeholders. Our business and brands depend on our ability to maintain a positive perception of us and our business, including through our seven guiding values of integrity, people, service, quality, performance, innovation, and growth. Significant negative claims or publicity involving us, our business or our products, services, culture, values, strategies and practices, undermine confidence, and could materially damage our reputation and image, even if such claims are inaccurate. Damage to our reputation and image could adversely impact our ability to attract new and retain existing customers, employees and other business and stakeholder relationships. Additionally, negative or inaccurate postings, articles, or comments on social media and the internet about us could generate negative publicity that could damage our business, reputation, image and brands. Damage to our business, reputation or image, or negative publicity, could adversely affect the demand for some of our products and adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition. 
 Inability to protect or enforce our material trademarks and other intellectual property rights could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We have numerous patents, trade secrets, trademarks, trade names and know-how that are valuable to our business. Despite our efforts to protect such intellectual property and other proprietary information from unauthorized use or disclosure, third parties may attempt to disclose, obtain or use our trademarks or such other intellectual property and information without our authorization. Although we rely on the patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws of the United States and other countries to protect our intellectual property rights, the laws of some countries may not protect such rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties, the failure of foreign countries to have laws to protect our intellectual property rights, or an inability to effectively enforce such rights in foreign countries could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
 We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules and regulations, compliance with which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. 
 We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules and regulations, and legal compliance risks, including securities laws, tax laws, employment and pension-related laws, competition laws, U.S. and foreign export and trading laws, data privacy and cybersecurity laws, and laws governing improper business practices. We are affected by new laws and regulations, and changes to existing laws and regulations, including interpretations by courts and regulators. From time to time, our Company, our operations and the industries in which we operate may be reviewed or investigated by regulators, which could lead to enforcement actions or the assertion of private litigation claims and damages. 
 Although we believe we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to mitigate these risks, the global and diverse nature of our operations means compliance risks will continue to exist. Investigations, examinations and other proceedings, the nature and outcome of which cannot be predicted, likely will arise from time to time. These investigations, examinations and other proceedings could subject us to significant liability and require us to take significant accruals or pay significant settlements, fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. 
 We are subject to tax laws and regulations in the United States and multiple foreign jurisdictions. We are affected by changes in tax laws and regulations, as well as changes in related interpretations and other tax guidance, such as the Inflation Reduction Act enacted in August 2022. This law provides for, among other things, a corporate alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income and an excise tax on corporate stock repurchases. We are continuing to evaluate the impact this new law may have on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. In addition, in the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to examinations and investigations by various tax authorities and other regulators. In addition to existing examinations and investigations, there could be additional examinations and investigations in the future, and existing examinations and investigations could be expanded. 
 For non-income tax risks, we estimate material loss contingencies and accrue for such loss contingencies as required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency. In the event the loss contingency is ultimately determined to be significantly higher than currently accrued, the recording of the additional liability may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such additional liability is accrued. In those cases where no accrual is recorded because it is not probable a liability has been incurred and cannot be reasonably estimated, any potential liability ultimately determined to be attributable to us may result in a material adverse effect on our 
 12 

Table of Contents 

results of operations, cash flow or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued or paid. For income tax risks, we recognize tax benefits based on our assessment that a tax benefit has a greater than 50 likelihood of being sustained upon ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant facts. For those income tax positions where we determine there is not a greater than 50 likelihood such tax benefits will be sustained, we do not recognize a tax benefit in our financial statements. Subsequent events may cause us to change our assessment of the likelihood of sustaining a previously-recognized benefit which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial position for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued or paid. 
 We discuss risks and uncertainties with regard to taxes in more detail in Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 We are required to comply with, and may become subject to additional, numerous complex and increasingly stringent domestic and foreign health, safety and environmental (including related to climate change) laws, regulations and requirements, the cost of which is likely to increase and may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. 
 Our operations are subject to various domestic and foreign health, safety and environmental laws, regulations and requirements, including those related to climate change, chemicals registration and management and the COVID-19 pandemic. These laws, regulations and requirements not only govern our current operations and products, but also may impose potential liability on us for our past operations. 
 Increased global focus on climate change may result in the imposition of new or additional regulations or requirements applicable to, and increased financial and transition risks for, our business and industry. A number of government authorities and agencies have introduced, or are contemplating, regulatory changes to address climate change, including the regulation and disclosure of greenhouse gas emissions. The outcome of new legislation or regulation in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in fees or restrictions on certain activities or materials and new or additional requirements, including to fund energy efficiency activities or renewable energy use and to disclose information regarding our greenhouse gas emissions performance, renewable energy usage and efficiency, waste generation and recycling rates, climate-related risks, opportunities and oversight and related strategies and initiatives across our global operations. Compliance with these climate change initiatives may also result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, additional taxes, additional investments in renewable energy use and other initiatives, reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations. We may not be able to timely recover the cost of compliance with such new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. Despite our efforts to timely comply with climate change initiatives, implement measures to improve our operations and execute on our related strategies and initiatives, any actual or perceived failure to comply with new or additional requirements or meet stakeholder expectations with respect to the impacts of our operations on the environment and related strategies and initiatives may result in adverse publicity, increased litigation risk, and adversely affect our business and reputation, which could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
 We expect health, safety and additional environmental laws, regulations and requirements to be increasingly stringent upon our industry in the future. Our costs to comply with these laws, regulations and requirements may increase as they become more stringent in the future, and these increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. 
 We are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of our currently- and formerly-owned sites, as well as a number of third-party sites, for which our ultimate liability may exceed the current amount we have accrued. 
 We are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of our currently- and formerly-owned sites and a number of third-party sites. We accrue for estimated costs of investigation and remediation activities at these sites for which commitments or clean-up plans have been developed and when such costs can be reasonably estimated based on industry standards and professional judgment. These estimated costs are based on currently available facts regarding each site. We continuously assess our potential liability for investigation and remediation activities and adjust our environmental-related accruals as information becomes available, including as a result of sites progressing through investigation and remediation-related activities, upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated. Due to the uncertainties surrounding environmental investigation and remediation activities, our liability may result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued and may have an adverse effect on our earnings. We discuss these risks and uncertainties in more detail in the Environmental-Related Liabilities and Environmental Matters sections in Item 7 and in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

The nature, cost, quantity and outcome of pending and future litigation, such as litigation arising from the historical manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paint, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity and financial condition. 
 In the course of our business, we are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits, including, but not limited to, litigation relating to product liability and warranty, personal injury, environmental (including natural resource damages), intellectual property, commercial, contractual and antitrust claims that are inherently subject to many uncertainties regarding the possibility of a loss to us. These uncertainties will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur confirming the incurrence of a liability or the reduction of a liability. In accordance with the Contingencies Topic of the ASC, we accrue for these contingencies by a charge to income when it is both probable that one or more future events will occur confirming the fact of a loss and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In the event a loss contingency is ultimately determined to be significantly higher than currently accrued, the recording of the additional liability may result in a material impact on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such additional liability is accrued. In those cases where no accrual is recorded because it is not probable that a liability has been incurred or the amount of any such loss cannot be reasonably estimated, any potential liability ultimately determined to be attributable to us may result in a material impact on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued. 
 Our past operations included the manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paints. Along with other companies, we are and have been a defendant in a number of legal proceedings, including individual personal injury actions, purported class actions and actions brought by various counties, cities, school districts and other government-related entities, arising from the manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paints. The plaintiffs claims have been based upon various legal theories, including negligence, strict liability, breach of warranty, negligent misrepresentations and omissions, fraudulent misrepresentations and omissions, concert of action, civil conspiracy, violations of unfair trade practice and consumer protection laws, enterprise liability, market share liability, public nuisance, unjust enrichment and other theories. The plaintiffs seek various damages and relief, including personal injury and property damage, costs relating to the detection and abatement of lead-based paint from buildings, costs associated with a public education campaign, medical monitoring costs and others. We have also been a defendant in legal proceedings arising from the manufacture and sale of non-lead-based paints that seek recovery based upon various legal theories, including the failure to adequately warn of potential exposure to lead during surface preparation when using non-lead-based paint on surfaces previously painted with lead-based paint. We believe the litigation brought to date is without merit or subject to meritorious defenses and are vigorously defending such litigation. We expect additional lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation may be filed against us in the future asserting similar or different legal theories and seeking similar or different types of damages and relief. The Company will continue to vigorously defend against any additional lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation that may be filed, including utilizing all avenues of appeal, if necessary. 
 Notwithstanding our views on the merits, litigation is inherently subject to many uncertainties, and we ultimately may not prevail. Adverse court rulings or determinations of liability, among other factors, could affect the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation against us and encourage an increase in the number and nature of future claims and proceedings. From time to time, various legislation and administrative regulations have been enacted, promulgated or proposed to impose obligations on present and former manufacturers of lead pigments and lead-based paints respecting asserted health concerns associated with such products or to overturn the effect of court decisions in which we and other manufacturers have been successful. 
 Due to the uncertainties involved, management is unable to predict the outcome of the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation, the number or nature of possible future claims and proceedings, or the effect any legislation and/or administrative regulations may have on the litigation or against us. Further, management cannot reasonably determine the scope or amount of the potential costs and liabilities related to such litigation, or resulting from any such legislation and regulations. Except with respect to the California public nuisance litigation, we have not accrued any amounts for such litigation because we do not believe it is probable that a loss has occurred, and we believe it is not possible to estimate the range of potential losses as there is no substantive information upon which an estimate could be based. In addition, any potential liability that may result from any changes to legislation and regulations cannot reasonably be estimated. Due to the uncertainties associated with the amount of any such liability and/or the nature of any other remedy which may be imposed in such litigation, any potential liability determined to be attributable to us arising out of such litigation may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. We discuss the risks and uncertainties related to litigation, including the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation, in more detail in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We own our world headquarters located in Cleveland, Ohio, which includes the world headquarters for The Americas, Consumer Brands and Performance Coatings Groups and the Administrative segment. The Company has entered into an agreement to sell its current headquarters and its research and development center. The sale is expected to be completed during 2023. Refer to Item 7 for further information on the construction of our new headquarters and research and development center. 
 Our principal manufacturing and distribution facilities are located as set forth below. We believe our manufacturing and distribution facilities are well-maintained and are suitable and adequate, with sufficient productive capacity, to meet our current needs. 
 Manufacturing (1) 
 Distribution (1) 
 Leased Owned Total Leased Owned Total Consumer Brands Group Africa 1 1 1 1 Asia 3 4 7 3 2 5 Canada 3 3 1 1 Europe 1 17 18 3 15 18 Jamaica 1 1 1 1 Latin America 3 10 13 5 10 15 United States 6 40 46 11 10 21 Total 
 13 76 89 23 39 62 Performance Coatings Group Europe 1 5 6 4 2 6 United States 2 2 3 3 Total 
 1 7 8 7 2 9 
 (1) Certain geographic locations may contain both manufacturing and distribution facilities. 
 The operations of The Americas Group included a leased distribution facility in Uruguay and 4,931 company-operated specialty paint stores, of which 216 were owned, in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, Grenada, Trinidad and Tobago, St. Maarten, Jamaica, Curacao, Aruba, St. Lucia, Uruguay, Brazil, Chile, Peru, Mexico, Ecuador and Barbados at December 31, 2022. These paint stores are divided into six separate operating divisions that are responsible for the sale of predominantly architectural, protective and marine and related products through the paint stores located within their geographical region. At the end of 2022: 
 the Mid Western Division operated 1,172 paint stores primarily located in the midwestern and upper west coast states; 
 the Eastern Division operated 901 paint stores along the upper east coast and New England states; 
 the Canada Division operated 252 paint stores throughout Canada; 
 the Southeastern Division operated 1,171 paint stores principally covering the lower east and gulf coast states, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, Grenada, Trinidad and Tobago, St. Maarten, Jamaica, Curacao, Aruba, St. Lucia and Barbados; 
 the Southwestern Division operated 1,128 paint stores in the central plains and the lower west coast states; and 
 the Latin America Division operated 307 paint stores in Uruguay, Brazil, Chile, Peru, Mexico and Ecuador. 
 During 2022, The Americas Group opened 72 net new stores, consisting of 89 new stores opened (71 in the United States, 11 in Mexico, 6 in Canada and 1 in South America) and 17 stores closed (2 in the United States, 14 in South America and 1 in Mexico). 
 16 

Table of Contents 

The Performance Coatings Group operated 223 branches in the United States, of which 8 were owned, at December 31, 2022. The Performance Coatings Group also operated 94 branches internationally, of which 7 were owned, at December 31, 2022, consisting of branches in Europe (47), Canada (22), Chile (11), Mexico (5), Peru (3), Vietnam (3), Ecuador (2), and Brazil (1). During 2022, this segment added 35 net new branches, consisting of 39 opened or acquired branches and 4 branches closed. 
 All real property within the Administrative segment is owned by us. For additional information regarding real property within the Administrative segment, see the information set forth in Item 1 of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 For additional information regarding real property leases, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 SEC regulations require disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that the Company reasonably believes will exceed a specified threshold. Pursuant to these regulations, the Company uses a threshold of 1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required. 
 For information regarding certain environmental-related matters and other legal proceedings, see the information included under the captions titled Other Long-Term Liabilities and Litigation of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Notes 1, 11, 12 and 20 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. The information contained in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The following is the name, age and position of each of our executive officers and all prior positions held by each person during the last five years. Executive officers are generally elected annually by the Board of Directors and hold office until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 Name Age Position John G. Morikis 59 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Director Heidi G. Petz 48 President and Chief Operating Officer Allen J. Mistysyn 54 Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer Jane M. Cronin 55 Senior Vice President - Enterprise Finance Mary L. Garceau 50 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary James R. Jaye 56 Senior Vice President - Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Gregory P. Sofish 57 Senior Vice President - Human Resources Bryan J. Young 47 Senior Vice President - Corporate Strategy and Development Justin T. Binns 47 President, The Americas Group Karl J. Jorgenrud 46 President, Performance Coatings Group Todd D. Rea 48 President, Consumer Brands Group Joseph F. Sladek 52 President General Manager, Global Supply Chain Division, Consumer Brands Group 
 Mr. Morikis has served as Chairman since January 2017 and Chief Executive Officer since January 2016. Mr. Morikis also served as President from March 2021 to March 2022 and October 2006 to March 2019 and Chief Operating Officer from October 2006 to January 2016. Mr. Morikis has served as a Director since October 2015 and has been employed with the Company since December 1984. 
 Ms. Petz has served as President and Chief Operating Officer since March 2022. Ms. Petz served as President, The Americas Group from March 2021 to March 2022, Senior Vice President, Marketing, The Americas Group from November 2020 to March 2021 and President, Consumer Brands Group from September 2020 to November 2020. Also within the Consumer Brands Group, Ms. Petz served as President General Manager, Retail North America from March 2019 to September 2020 and Senior Vice President, Marketing from June 2017 to March 2019. Ms. Petz joined the Company in June 2017 in connection with the Valspar acquisition. 
 Mr. Mistysyn has served as Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer since January 2017. Mr. Mistysyn has been employed with the Company since June 1990. 
 Ms. Cronin has served as Senior Vice President - Enterprise Finance since July 2022. Ms. Cronin served as Senior Vice President - Corporate Controller from October 2016 to July 2022. Ms. Cronin has been employed with the Company since September 1989. 
 Ms. Garceau has served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since August 2017. Ms. Garceau has been employed with the Company since February 2014. 
 Mr. Jaye has served as Senior Vice President - Investor Relations and Corporate Communications since June 2019. Mr. Jaye served as Vice President - Investor Relations from October 2017 to June 2019. Mr. Jaye has been employed with the Company since October 2017. 
 Mr. Sofish has served as Senior Vice President - Human Resources since January 2023. Mr. Sofish served as Vice President, Total Rewards from August 2019 to January 2023 and Vice President, Executive Compensation from March 2015 to August 2019. Mr. Sofish has been employed with the Company since September 1996. 
 Mr. Young has served as Senior Vice President - Corporate Strategy and Development since March 2021. Mr. Young served as Vice President - Corporate Strategy and Development from June 2017 to March 2021. Mr. Young joined the Company in June 2017 in connection with the Valspar acquisition. 
 Mr. Binns has served as President, The Americas Group since March 2022. Mr. Binns served as President, Performance Coatings Group from November 2020 to March 2022, President General Manager, Automotive Finishes Division, 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Performance Coatings Group from July 2018 to November 2020 and President General Manager, Eastern Division, The Americas Group from October 2016 to July 2018. Mr. Binns has been employed with the Company since August 1997. 
 Mr. Jorgenrud has served as President, Performance Coatings Group since March 2022. Mr. Jorgenrud served as President General Manager, General Industrial Division, Performance Coatings Group from January 2020 to March 2022 and President General Manager, Protective Marine Division, Performance Coatings Group from June 2017 to December 2019. Mr. Jorgenrud joined the Company in June 2017 in connection with the Valspar acquisition. 
 Mr. Rea has served as President, Consumer Brands Group since November 2021. Mr. Rea served within the Consumer Brands Group as President of North America Sales from November 2020 to November 2021, Senior Vice President of Sales, Retail and National Accounts from November 2019 to November 2020, Senior Vice President of Sales, Lowe s Business Unit from March 2018 to November 2019 and Senior Vice President of Sales, National Accounts from August 2017 to February 2018. Mr. Rea has been employed with the Company since April 1993. 
 Mr. Sladek has served as President General Manager, Global Supply Chain Division, Consumer Brands Group since January 2021. Mr. Sladek served within the Global Supply Chain Division, Consumer Brands Group as Senior Vice President, Global Operations Engineering from August 2020 to January 2021, Senior Vice President, International Industrial Operations from April 2019 to August 2020 and Vice President, Excellence Initiatives from March 2017 to March 2019. Mr. Sladek has been employed with the Company since May 2007. 

19 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and traded under the symbol SHW. The number of shareholders of record at January 31, 2023 was 5,232. The information regarding securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans is set forth in our Proxy Statement under the caption Equity Compensation Plan Information and is incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table sets forth a summary of the Company s purchases of common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Plan Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan October 1 October 31 Share repurchase program (1) 
 150,000 223.07 150,000 45,675,000 Employee transactions (2) 
 2,281 211.09 N/A November 1 November 30 Share repurchase program (1) 
 450,000 219.24 450,000 45,225,000 Employee transactions (2) 
 N/A December 1 December 31 Share repurchase program (1) 
 45,225,000 Employee transactions (2) 
 37 252.23 N/A Total Share repurchase program (1) 
 600,000 220.20 600,000 45,225,000 Employee transactions (2) 
 2,318 211.75 N/A 
 (1) Shares were purchased through the Company s publicly announced share repurchase program. The Company had remaining authorization at December 31, 2022 to purchase 45,225,000 shares. There is no expiration date specified for the program. 
 (2) All shares were delivered to satisfy the exercise price and/or tax withholding obligations by employees who exercised stock options or had restricted stock units vest. 

20 

Table of Contents 

Comparison of Cumulative Total Return 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on Sherwin-Williams common stock with the cumulative five-year total return of the companies listed on the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index and the peer groups of companies selected on a line-of-business basis. The cumulative five-year total return assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in Sherwin-Williams common stock, the S P 500 and the peer group. The cumulative five-year total return, including reinvestment of dividends, represents the cumulative value through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Peer group of companies comprised of the following: Akzo Nobel N.V., Axalta Coating Systems Ltd., BASF SE, Genuine Parts Company, H.B. Fuller Company, The Home Depot, Inc., Lowe s Companies, Inc., Masco Corporation, Newell Brands Inc., PPG Industries, Inc., RPM International Inc., and Stanley Black Decker, Inc. 
 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (dollars in millions, except as noted and per share data) 
 
 Company Background 
 The Sherwin-Williams Company, founded in 1866, and its consolidated wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) are engaged in the development, manufacture, distribution and sale of paint, coatings and related products to professional, industrial, commercial and retail customers primarily in North and South America with additional operations in the Caribbean region and throughout Europe, Asia and Australia. 
 The Company is structured into three reportable segments The Americas Group, Consumer Brands Group and Performance Coatings Group (collectively, the Reportable Segments) and an Administrative segment in the same way it is internally organized for assessing performance and making decisions regarding allocation of resources. See Notes 23 and 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information on the Company s Reportable Segments. 
 Summary 
 Consolidated net sales increased 11.1 in the year to a record 22.149 billion 
 Net sales from stores in U.S. and Canada open more than twelve calendar months increased 11.7 in the year 
 Diluted net income per share increased to 7.72 per share in the year compared to 6.98 per share in the full year 2021 
 Adjusted diluted net income per share increased to 8.73 per share in the year compared to 8.15 per share in the full year 2021 
 Generated strong net operating cash of 1.920 billion 
 Deployed 1.003 billion toward five acquisitions that will add to our product offerings and capabilities 
 Invested 883.2 million in share repurchases and paid 618.5 million in dividends to return value to our shareholders 
 Outlook 
 During 2022, we continued to experience the effects of macroeconomic challenges such as raw material inflation, less than optimal raw material availability, armed conflict in Europe, and COVID-related lockdowns in Asia. Our focus on cost control measures remains steady as we execute on targeted restructuring actions to simplify our business. The growth investments we made during the year, including five completed acquisitions, are well-positioned to contribute to our resilient portfolio. While we anticipate a challenging demand environment in 2023, our long-term strategy and customer-focused solutions drive confidence in our outlook. 
 We anticipate inflationary pressure in 2023 to impact consumer behavior in both the United States and Europe, particularly in housing markets. Elevated mortgage rates may have a negative impact on new residential volume. Certain other costs, such as wages, energy and transportation are expected to increase. We are focused on gaining market share despite this challenging environment, while leveraging our exposure in more historically resilient end markets such as residential repaint, property maintenance, auto refinish, and packaging. During 2023, we expect to benefit from price increases we implemented during 2021 and 2022. Additionally, we expect to realize approximately 50 million to 70 million in estimated annual savings from previously announced restructuring actions, of which we expect 75 will be realized by the end of 2023. Our deliberate cost control and ongoing continuous improvement initiatives, coupled with anticipated raw material cost deflation, are expected to drive full year gross margin expansion in 2023. 
 Our capital deployment strategy remains balanced and consistent. We do not have any long-term debt maturities due in 2023 and expect to reduce short-term borrowings while generating net operating cash. We have plans to invest in the construction of new facilities, including our new global headquarters (new headquarters) in downtown Cleveland, Ohio and new research and development (R D) center in the Cleveland suburb of Brecksville, and in the expansion of certain existing manufacturing and distribution facilities. We plan to expand our footprint by opening 80 to 100 new stores in the United States and Canada in 2023, and pursue acquisitions that align with our long-term growth strategy. We will also return value to our shareholders through the payment of dividends and the reinvestment of excess cash for share repurchases of Company stock. 
 Please see Item 1A Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding the current and potential impact of macroeconomic conditions on the Company, including those relating to supply chain disruptions, raw material availability, and inflation, and the Company s restructuring actions. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis addresses comparisons of material changes in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For comparisons of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on February 17, 2022. 
 Net Sales 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Net Sales: The Americas Group 12,661.0 11,217.0 1,444.0 12.9 Consumer Brands Group 
 2,690.7 2,721.6 (30.9) (1.1) Performance Coatings Group 
 6,793.5 6,003.8 789.7 13.2 Administrative 3.7 2.2 1.5 68.2 Total 22,148.9 19,944.6 2,204.3 11.1 
 Consolidated Net sales for 2022 increased 11.1 primarily due to selling price increases in all Reportable Segments and higher product sales volume in The Americas Group, partially offset by lower sales volume in the Consumer Brands and Performance Coatings Groups. Currency translation rate changes decreased 2022 consolidated Net sales by 1.5 , while acquisitions which were completed during the past twelve months added approximately 1.1 to consolidated Net sales. Net sales of all consolidated foreign subsidiaries increased 1.7 to 4.294 billion for 2022 versus 4.223 billion for 2021 primarily due to benefits from acquisitions offset by weakening demand in the Europe and Asia Pacific regions. Net sales of all operations other than consolidated foreign subsidiaries increased 13.6 to 17.855 billion for 2022 versus 15.722 billion for 2021. 
 Net sales in The Americas Group increased primarily due to selling price increases as well as volume growth in all end markets, particularly residential repaint. Net sales from stores in U.S. and Canada open for more than twelve calendar months increased 11.7 in the year over last year s comparable period. Currency translation rate changes reduced Net sales by 0.4 compared to 2021. During 2022, The Americas Group opened 89 new stores and closed 17 redundant locations for a net increase of 72 stores, with a net increase of 75 new stores in the U.S. and Canada. The total number of stores in operation at December 31, 2022 was 4,931 in the United States, Canada, Latin America and the Caribbean. The Americas Group s objective is to expand its store base by an average of 2 each year, primarily through organic growth. Sales of products other than paint increased approximately 0.2 over last year. A discussion of changes in volume versus pricing for sales of products other than paint is not pertinent due to the wide assortment of general merchandise sold. 
 Net sales of the Consumer Brands Group decreased in 2022 primarily due to lower sales volumes in all regions and the Wattyl divestiture, offset by selling price increases in all regions. Currency translation rate changes decreased Net sales by 1.1 compared to 2021. 
 The Performance Coatings Group s Net sales in 2022 increased primarily due to higher organic sales driven by selling price increases in all end markets, partially offset by lower sales volumes. Currency translation rate changes decreased Net sales 3.8 compared to 2021, largely offset by the impact of acquisitions completed during the past twelve months which added approximately 3.7 to Net sales. In 2022, the Performance Coatings Group added 35 new branches, increasing the total to 317 branches open in the United States, Canada, Mexico, South America, Europe and Asia. 
 Net sales in the Administrative segment, which primarily consists of external leasing revenue of excess headquarters space and leasing of facilities no longer used by the Company in its primary business, increased by an insignificant amount in 2022. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Income Before Income Taxes 
 The following table presents the components of income before income taxes as a percentage of net sales: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 of Net Sales of Net Sales Net sales 22,148.9 100.0 19,944.6 100.0 Cost of goods sold 12,823.8 57.9 11,401.9 57.2 Gross profit 9,325.1 42.1 8,542.7 42.8 Selling, general, and administrative expenses (SG A) 6,014.5 27.2 5,572.5 27.9 Other general (income) expense - net (24.9) (0.1) 101.8 0.5 Amortization 317.1 1.4 309.5 1.5 Impairment of trademarks 15.5 0.1 Interest expense 390.8 1.8 334.7 1.7 Interest income (8.0) (4.9) Other expense (income) - net 47.0 0.1 (19.5) (0.1) Income before income taxes 2,573.1 11.6 2,248.6 11.3 
 Consolidated Cost of goods sold increased 1.422 billion, or 12.5 , in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to higher raw material costs (including petrochemical-derived resins, latex and solvents, and titanium dioxide), partially offset by lower product volume and favorable currency translation rate changes. Currency translation rate changes decreased Cost of goods sold by 2.0 in the current year. 
 Consolidated Gross profit increased 782.4 million in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. This increase in Gross profit dollars was driven by higher sales in The Americas Group and Performance Coatings Group. This was partially offset by higher raw material costs in each Reportable Segment and lower sales in the Consumer Brands Group. Consolidated Gross profit as a percent to consolidated Net sales decreased to 42.1 in 2022 from 42.8 in 2021. The gross margin rate decreased primarily as a result of higher raw material costs. 
 The Americas Group s Gross profit for 2022 increased 477.7 million compared to the same period in 2021. The Americas Group s Gross profit dollars increased primarily as a result of selling price increases, partially offset by higher raw material costs. The Americas Group s gross margin rate decreased primarily due to higher raw material costs. The Consumer Brands Group s Gross profit decreased 68.6 million in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The Consumer Brands Group s Gross profit dollars and margin rate decreased primarily as a result of lower sales volume and higher raw material costs. The Performance Coatings Group s Gross profit for 2022 increased 363.7 million compared to the same period in 2021. The Performance Coatings Group s Gross profit dollars and margin rate increased due to higher sales, partially offset by higher raw material costs. 
 Consolidated SG A increased by 442.0 million compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to increased expenses to support higher sales levels and net new store openings. As a percent of Net sales, SG A decreased 70 basis points compared to the same period in 2021 as a result of effective cost control measures. 
 The Americas Group s SG A increased 304.4 million for the year due primarily to increased spending from new store openings and costs to support higher sales levels, including the hiring of additional sales representatives. The Consumer Brands Group s SG A increased by 52.6 million for the year primarily due to restructuring actions and higher employee costs, offset by favorable currency translation rate changes. The Performance Coatings Group s SG A increased by 82.1 million for the year primarily due to restructuring actions and to support higher sales levels, partially offset by favorable currency translation rate changes and effective cost control measures. The Administrative segment s SG A increased 2.9 million primarily due to higher employee costs. Refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information on the restructuring actions. 
 Other general (income) expense - net improved 126.7 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The change was primarily attributable to the prior year recognition of a 111.9 million loss on the Wattyl divestiture in March 2021, a 3.1 million decrease in provisions for environmental matters in the Administrative segment, and an 11.7 million increase in the Gain on sale or disposition of assets. See Notes 3, 11 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information concerning the Wattyl divestiture, environmental matters and Other general (income) expense - net, respectively. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

For information on the amortization of acquired intangible assets and related impairment considerations, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 Interest expense increased 56.1 million in 2022 primarily due to higher interest rates associated with short-term borrowings. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information on the Company s outstanding debt. 
 Other expense (income) - net increased 66.5 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to increased investment losses of 40.1 million and foreign currency transaction related losses which increased by 21.6 million. See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information related to Other expense (income) - net. 
 The following table presents income before income taxes by segment and as a percentage of net sales by segment: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Income Before Income Taxes: 
 The Americas Group 2,436.6 2,239.1 197.5 8.8 Consumer Brands Group 
 225.7 358.4 (132.7) (37.0) Performance Coatings Group 
 734.9 486.2 248.7 51.2 Administrative (824.1) (835.1) 11.0 1.3 Total 
 2,573.1 2,248.6 324.5 14.4 Income Before Income Taxes as a of Net Sales: The Americas Group 19.2 20.0 Consumer Brands Group 
 8.4 13.2 Performance Coatings Group 
 10.8 8.1 Administrative nm nm Total 
 11.6 11.3 nm - not meaningful 
 Income Tax Expense 
 The effective income tax rate for 2022 was 21.5 compared to 17.1 in 2021. The increase in the effective rate was primarily due to a decrease in tax benefits related to employee share-based payments and a net unfavorable impact of various other tax benefits received by the Company in 2022 as compared to 2021. See Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information. 
 Net Income Per Share 
 Diluted net income per share for 2022 increased to 7.72 per share from 6.98 per share in 2021. Diluted net income per share in 2022 included acquisition-related amortization expense of 0.81 per share, severance and other expense of 0.15 per share, and a 0.05 per share charge related to trademark impairments. Refer to Notes 4 and 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information regarding the restructuring actions and trademark impairments, respectively. Currency translation rate changes decreased diluted net income per share in the year by 0.07 per share. 
 Diluted net income per share in 2021 included acquisition-related amortization expense of 0.83 per share and a 0.34 per share loss from the Wattyl divestiture. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information regarding the Wattyl divestiture. 
 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CASH FLOW 
 Overview 
 The Company s financial condition, liquidity and cash flow continued to be strong in 2022. The Company generated 1.920 billion in net operating cash despite higher raw material costs and inflationary pressures which negatively impacted gross margin and net income. The net operating cash generation was primarily attributable to operating results as consolidated income before income taxes was 2.573 billion or 11.6 of net sales. This strong cash generation enabled the Company to invest 
 25 

Table of Contents 

1.003 billion in acquisitions and 644.5 million in capital expenditures, and return 1.502 billion to shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchases during the year. 
 During 2022, the Company generated EBITDA of 3.545 billion and Adjusted EBITDA of 3.608 billion. See the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section in Item 7 for the definitions and calculations of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had Cash and cash equivalents of 198.8 million and total debt outstanding of 10.570 billion. Total debt, net of Cash and cash equivalents, was 10.371 billion and was 2.9 times the Company s Adjusted EBITDA in 2022. 
 Net Working Capital 
 Net working capital, defined as Total current assets less Total current liabilities, increased 612.8 million to a deficit of 53.0 million at December 31, 2022 from a deficit of 665.8 million at December 31, 2021. The net working capital increase was primarily due to an increase in current assets, particularly Inventories. 
 Comparing current asset balances at December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2021, Accounts receivable increased 211.2 million due to higher sales, Inventories increased 699.3 million due to higher raw material costs and inventory levels, and Other current assets decreased 89.6 million primarily related to refundable income taxes and prepaid expenses. 
 Current liability balances increased 241.2 million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to the timing of payments related to Other accruals and Accrued taxes. 
 As a result of the net effect of these changes, the Company s current ratio improved to 0.99 at December 31, 2022 from 0.88 at December 31, 2021. Accounts receivable as a percent of Net sales decreased to 11.6 in 2022 from 11.8 in 2021. Accounts receivable days outstanding increased to 58 days in 2022 from 57 days in 2021. In 2022, provisions for allowance for doubtful collection of accounts increased 7.7 million, or 15.7 . Inventories as a percent of net sales increased to 11.9 in 2022 from 9.7 in 2021. Inventory days outstanding was 98 days in 2022 compared to 75 days in 2021. The Company has sufficient total available borrowing capacity to fund its current operating needs. 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Net property, plant and equipment increased 339.7 million to 2.207 billion at December 31, 2022 due primarily to capital expenditures of 644.5 million and assets acquired through business combinations of 93.7 million, partially offset by depreciation expense of 264.0 million, sale or disposition of assets with remaining net book value of 24.9 million, and currency translation and other adjustments of 109.6 million, which primarily includes government incentives associated with the construction of our new headquarters and R D center. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information on government incentives. The Company has entered into an agreement to sell its current headquarters and R D center. The sale is expected to be completed during 2023. 
 Capital expenditures during 2022 in The Americas Group were primarily attributable to the opening of new paint stores and renovation and improvements in existing stores. In the Consumer Brands Group and the Performance Coatings Group, capital expenditures during 2022 were primarily attributable to operational efficiencies, capacity and health and safety initiatives at sites currently in operation. The Administrative segment incurred capital expenditures primarily related to construction activities associated with the new headquarters and R D center. Construction on the new headquarters and R D center is expected to continue in 2023, with completion expected in 2024 at the earliest. 
 In 2023, the Company expects to spend more than 2022 for capital expenditures, which it will fund primarily through operating cash generated. Core capital expenditures in support of growth initiatives in 2023 are expected to be for investments in various productivity improvement and maintenance projects at existing manufacturing, distribution and research and development facilities, new store openings and new or upgraded information systems hardware. Additionally, the Company will continue to construct its new headquarters and R D center. Refer to Real Estate Financing section below for further information on the financing transaction for the new headquarters. 
 Real Estate Financing 
 In December 2022, the Company closed a transaction to sell and subsequently lease back its partially-constructed new headquarters. As part of the terms of the transaction, the Company is contractually obligated for completing the construction of the building and related improvements at the new headquarters. This transaction did not meet the criteria for recognition as an asset sale under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (US GAAP) and as such, was accounted for as a real estate financing transaction. 
 The Company received initial proceeds at closing related to the transaction. Additionally, the Company will receive incremental reimbursement of construction and other costs incurred, generally on a quarterly basis, until completion of construction with 
 26 

Table of Contents 

total proceeds expected to be received under this agreement approximating 800 million to 850 million. The initial lease term includes the construction period and extends for 30 years thereafter, and the Company has the right and option to extend the lease term. The lease payment amounts during the construction period are dependent upon the timing and amount of total reimbursement of construction and other costs received by the Company. Lease payments over the next twelve months are expected to be approximately 22 million, while lease payments through the remaining construction period are expected to be approximately 55 million. The amount of the lease payments during the initial 30 year lease term will be calculated upon completion of the construction period and receipt of total reimbursement of construction and other costs. 
 In December 2022, the Company received approximately 210 million at closing. The net proceeds were recognized as proceeds from real estate financing transactions within the Financing Activities section of the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows, and corresponding financing obligations were recognized within Other long-term liabilities and Other accruals on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company will continue to recognize the related assets within Property, plant and equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets under US GAAP. These assets will be subject to depreciation over their useful lives in accordance with the Company s accounting policies. The Company will also allocate payments between interest and repayment of the financing liability over the life of the agreement. 
 Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements within Item 8 for further information. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill, which represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets acquired in business combinations, increased 448.6 million in 2022 primarily due to incremental goodwill recognized in 2022 acquisitions of 493.5 million, partially offset by foreign currency translation rate fluctuations. 
 Intangible assets increased 0.5 million in 2022 primarily due to finite-lived intangible assets recognized in 2022 through acquisitions of 361.0 million and capitalized software of 21.9 million, partially offset by amortization of finite-lived intangible assets of 317.1 million, foreign currency translation rate fluctuations of 51.1 million, and 15.5 million of trademark impairment charges. 
 See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information related to acquisitions and divestitures. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for a description of goodwill, identifiable intangible assets and asset impairments recognized in accordance with the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the ASC and summaries of the remaining carrying values of goodwill and intangible assets. 
 Other Assets 
 Other assets increased 238.3 million to 1.027 billion at December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to non-traded investments. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information. 
 Debt (including Short-term borrowings) 
 December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Long-term debt 9,591.6 8,851.5 Short-term borrowings 978.1 763.5 Total debt outstanding 10,569.7 9,615.0 
 Total debt outstanding including Short-term borrowings increased by 954.7 million to 10.570 billion in 2022. Short-term borrowings are primarily comprised of amounts outstanding under the Company s domestic commercial paper program and various foreign credit facilities. The Company s Long-term debt primarily consists of senior notes. 
 In August 2022, the Company issued 600.0 million of 4.05 Senior Notes due August 2024 and 400.0 million of 4.25 Senior Notes due August 2025 in a public offering. The net proceeds from the issuance of these notes were used to repay borrowings outstanding under the Company s credit agreement dated May 9, 2016, as amended, and domestic commercial paper program. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

On August 30, 2022, the Company and two of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Sherwin-Williams Canada Inc. (SW Canada) and Sherwin-Williams Luxembourg S. r.l. (SW Luxembourg, together with the Company and SW Canada, the Borrowers), entered into a new five-year 2.250 billion credit agreement (2022 Credit Agreement). The 2022 Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including the financing of working capital requirements. The 2022 Credit Agreement replaced the 2.000 billion credit agreement dated June 29, 2021, as amended, which was terminated effective August 30, 2022. The 2022 Credit Agreement will mature on August 30, 2027 and provides that the Company may request to extend the maturity date of the facility for two additional one-year periods. In addition, the 2022 Credit Agreement provides that the Borrowers may increase the aggregate size of the facility up to an additional amount of 750.0 million, subject to the discretion of each lender to participate in the increase, and the Borrowers may request letters of credit in an amount of up to 250.0 million. 
 The Company s available capacity under its committed credit agreements is reduced for amounts outstanding under its domestic commercial paper program and letters of credit. At December 31, 2022, the Company had unused capacity under its various credit agreements of 2.742 billion. 
 See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for a detailed description and summary of the Company s outstanding debt, short-term borrowings and other available financing programs. 
 Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 In accordance with the accounting prescribed by the Retirement Benefits Topic of the ASC, the Company s total liability for unfunded or underfunded defined benefit pension plans decreased 20.5 million to 58.5 million primarily due to changes in the actuarial assumptions. The Company s liability for other postretirement benefits decreased 122.6 million to 153.8 million at December 31, 2022 due primarily to a plan amendment and changes in the actuarial assumptions. 
 The assumed discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation for the domestic defined benefit pension plan increased to 5.3 at December 31, 2022 from 3.1 at December 31, 2021. The assumed discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation for foreign defined benefit pension plans increased to 5.1 at December 31, 2022 from 2.3 at December 31, 2021. The assumed discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation for other postretirement benefit obligations increased to 5.2 at December 31, 2022 from 2.8 at December 31, 2021. The increase in the discount rates was primarily due to higher interest rates. 
 In deciding on the rates of compensation increases, management considered historical Company increases as well as expectations for future increases. The rate of compensation increases used to determine the projected benefit obligation at December 31, 2022 was 3.0 for the domestic pension plan and 3.4 for foreign pension plans, which was comparable to the rates used in the prior year. 
 In establishing the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, management considered the historical rates of return, the nature of investments and an expectation for future investment strategies. The expected long-term rate of return on assets for the domestic defined benefit pension plan increased to 6.3 at December 31, 2022 from 5.0 at December 31, 2021. The expected long-term rate of return on assets for the foreign defined benefit pension plans increased to 5.6 at December 31, 2022 from 3.2 at December 31, 2021. 
 In developing the assumed health care cost trend rates, management considered industry data, historical Company experience and expectations for future health care costs. The assumed health care cost trend rates used to determine the projected benefit obligation for other postretirement benefit obligations at December 31, 2022 were 5.5 and 8.3 for medical and prescription drug cost increases, respectively, both decreasing gradually to 4.5 in 2032. The assumed health care cost trend rates for medical and prescription costs used to determine the projected benefit obligation for other postretirement benefit obligations at December 31, 2021 were 5.1 and 8.3 , respectively. 
 The respective year-end assumptions described above for the Company s defined benefit plans are also used to determine expense for the next year. Net pension cost in 2023 for the domestic pension plan and foreign pension plans is expected to be approximately 1.9 million and 1.6 million, respectively. Net periodic benefit credit for other postretirement benefits in 2023 is expected to be approximately 15.8 million. The credit for 2023 is primarily due to amortization of the impact of a plan amendment. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information on the Company s obligations and funded status of its defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits. 
 Deferred Income Taxes 
 Deferred income taxes at December 31, 2022 decreased 86.6 million from the prior year primarily due to the change in deferred taxes as a result of the amortization of intangible assets in the current year. See Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information on deferred taxes. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Other Long-Term Liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities increased 185.6 million during 2022 due primarily to an increase in long-term commitments related to investments in U.S. affordable housing and historic renovation real estate partnerships and liabilities associated with real estate financing transactions, partially offset by the impact of expected settlements related to tax positions over the next twelve months as disclosed in Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, favorable fair value movements related to the Company s outstanding cross currency swap contracts and favorable employee benefit plan experience. 
 Environmental-Related Liabilities 
 The operations of the Company, like those of other companies in the same industry, are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations not only govern current operations and products, but also impose potential liability on the Company for past operations. Management expects environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon the Company and the industry in the future. Management believes that the Company conducts its operations in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and has implemented various programs designed to protect the environment and promote continued compliance. 
 Depreciation of capital expenditures and other expenses related to ongoing environmental compliance measures were included in the normal operating expenses of conducting business. The Company s capital expenditures, depreciation and other expenses related to ongoing environmental compliance measures were not material to the Company s financial condition, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations during 2022. Management does not expect that such capital expenditures, depreciation and other expenses will be material to the Company s financial condition, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations in 2023. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further information on environmental-related long-term liabilities. 
 Contractual and Other Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
 During 2022, the Company signed agreements related to various acquisitions, including related to the German-based Specialized Industrial Coatings Holding (SIC Holding), a Peter M hrle Holding and GP Capital UG venture comprised of Oskar Nolte GmbH and Klumpp Coatings GmbH. The SIC Holding transaction is expected to close in 2023. Refer to Note 3 for additional information. The Company has certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contractual and other obligations and commercial commitments. The Company believes that cash generated from operating activities and borrowings available under long-term and short-term debt, including its committed credit agreements and commercial paper program, will be sufficient for it to meet its contractual and other obligations and commercial commitments. The following tables summarize such obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022. 
 Payments Due by Period Contractual and Other Obligations Total Less Than 1 Year 1 3 Years 3 5 Years More Than 5 Years Long-term debt 9,674.5 0.6 2,150.9 1,969.5 5,553.5 Interest on Long-term debt 4,611.2 348.9 646.3 489.2 3,126.8 Operating leases 2,131.5 479.7 791.7 487.7 372.4 Short-term borrowings 978.1 978.1 Real estate financing transactions (1) 
 178.1 15.2 30.9 31.6 100.4 Purchase obligations (2) 
 474.4 474.4 Other contractual obligations (3) 
 613.9 108.7 139.2 107.5 258.5 Total contractual cash obligations 18,661.7 2,405.6 3,759.0 3,085.5 9,411.6 
 (1) Excludes real estate financing transactions related to the new headquarters. Refer to Real Estate Financing section herein for further information. 
 (2) Relate to open purchase orders for raw materials at December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Relate primarily to estimated future capital contributions to investments in the U.S. affordable housing and historic renovation real estate partnerships and various other contractual obligations. 
 Amount of Commitment Expiration Per Period Commercial Commitments Total Less Than 1 Year 1 3 Years 3 5 Years More Than 5 Years Standby letters of credit 149.8 149.8 Surety bonds 240.7 240.7 Total commercial commitments 390.5 390.5 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Warranties 
 The Company offers product warranties for certain products. The specific terms and conditions of such warranties vary depending on the product or customer contract requirements. Management estimated the costs of unsettled product warranty claims based on historical results and experience and included an amount in Other accruals. Management periodically assesses the adequacy of the accrual for product warranty claims and adjusts the accrual as necessary. Changes in the Company s accrual for product warranty claims during 2022 and 2021, including customer satisfaction settlements during the year, were as follows: 
 2022 2021 Balance at January 1 35.2 43.3 Charges to expense 30.1 27.5 Settlements (29.1) (35.6) Balance at December 31 36.2 35.2 
 Shareholders Equity 
 Shareholders equity increased 664.9 million to 3.102 billion at December 31, 2022 from 2.437 billion last year. The increase was primarily attributable to the generation of 2.020 billion of net income and benefits from stock option exercises and the recognition of stock-based compensation expense of 134.0 million. This was partially offset by the repurchase of 883.2 million in Treasury stock and the payment of 618.5 million in cash dividends. See the Statements of Consolidated Shareholders Equity and Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income in Item 8 for additional information. 
 The Company purchased 3.4 million shares of its common stock for treasury purposes through open market purchases during 2022. The Company acquires its common stock for general corporate purposes, and depending on its cash position and market conditions, it may acquire shares in the future. The Company had remaining authorization from its Board of Directors at December 31, 2022 to purchase 45.2 million shares of its common stock. 
 The Company s 2022 annual cash dividend of 2.40 per share represented 34 of 2021 diluted net income per share. The 2022 annual dividend represented the 44 th consecutive year of increased dividend payments. On February 15, 2023, the Board of Directors increased the quarterly cash dividend to 0.605 per share. This quarterly dividend, if approved in each of the remaining quarters of 2023, would result in an annual dividend for 2023 of 2.42 per share or a 31 payout of 2022 diluted net income per share. 
 Cash Flow 
 Net operating cash decreased 324.7 million in 2022 to a cash source of 1.920 billion from 2.245 billion in 2021 due primarily to incremental working capital requirements . Net operating cash decreased as a percent to sales to 8.7 in 2022 compared to 11.3 in 2021. 
 Net investing cash usage increased 1.131 billion to a usage of 1.608 billion in 2022 from a usage of 476.4 million in 2021 due primarily to cash used for acquisitions and an increase in capital expenditures. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information on acquisitions and divestitures. 
 Net financing cash usage decreased 1.552 billion to a usage of 282.4 million in 2022 from a usage of 1.834 billion in 2021. This was due primarily to a decrease in incremental share repurchases of 1.869 billion, proceeds from real estate financing transactions and lower repayments of long-term debt, partially offset by a reduction in proceeds from short-term borrowings and stock option exercises as compared to 2021. 
 Litigation 
 See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for information concerning litigation. 
 Market Risk 
 The Company is exposed to market risk associated with interest rate, foreign currency and commodity fluctuations. The Company occasionally utilizes derivative instruments as part of its overall financial risk management policy, but does not use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. In 2022 and 2021, the Company entered into foreign currency forward contracts with maturity dates of less than twelve months primarily to hedge against value changes in foreign currency and cross currency swap contracts to hedge its net investment in European operations. See Notes 1, 17 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information related to the Company s use of derivative instruments. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

The Company believes it may be exposed to continuing market risk from foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations. However, the Company does not expect that foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations or hedging contract losses will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Financial Covenant 
 Certain borrowings contain a consolidated leverage covenant. The covenant states the Company s consolidated leverage ratio is not to exceed 3.75 to 1.00; however, the Company may elect to temporarily increase the leverage ratio to 4.25 to 1.00 for a period of four consecutive fiscal quarters immediately following the consummation of a qualifying acquisition, as defined in the credit agreement dated August 30, 2022. The leverage ratio is defined as the ratio of total indebtedness (the sum of Short-term borrowings, Current portion of long-term debt and Long-term debt) at the reporting date to consolidated Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA), as defined in the credit agreement, for the 12-month period ended on the same date. Refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section in Item 7 for a reconciliation of EBITDA to net income. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the covenant and expects to remain in compliance. The Company s notes, debentures and revolving credit agreements contain various default and cross-default provisions. In the event of default under any one of these arrangements, acceleration of the maturity of any one or more of these borrowings may result. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information. 
 Defined Contribution Savings Plan 
 Participants in the Company s salaried defined contribution savings plan are allowed to contribute up to the lesser of fifty percent of their annual compensation or the maximum dollar amount allowed under the Internal Revenue Code. The Company matches one hundred percent of all contributions up to six percent of eligible employee contributions. The Company s matching contributions to the defined contribution savings plan charged to operations were 140.0 million in 2022 compared to 133.7 million in 2021. At December 31, 2022, there were 19,689,197 shares of the Company s common stock being held by the defined contribution savings plan, representing 7.6 of the total number of voting shares outstanding. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional information concerning the Company s defined contribution savings plan. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 Management utilizes certain financial measures that are not in accordance with US GAAP to analyze and manage the performance of the business. The required disclosures for these non-GAAP measures are shown below. The Company provides such non-GAAP information in reporting its financial results to give investors additional data to evaluate the Company s operations. Management does not, nor does it suggest investors should, consider such non-GAAP measures in isolation from, or in substitution for, financial information prepared in accordance with US GAAP. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as net income before income taxes and interest, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes restructuring and impairment expense in 2022 and the loss on the Wattyl divestiture in 2021. Management considers EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA useful in understanding the operating performance of the Company. The reader is cautioned that the Company s EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be compared to other entities unknowingly. Further, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered alternatives to net income or net operating cash as an indicator of operating performance or as a measure of liquidity. The reader should refer to the determination of net income and net operating cash in accordance with US GAAP disclosed in the Statements of Consolidated Income and Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows in Item 8. 
 The following table summarizes EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as calculated by management for the years indicated below: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income 2,020.1 1,864.4 Interest expense 390.8 334.7 Income taxes 553.0 384.2 Depreciation 264.0 263.1 Amortization 317.1 309.5 EBITDA 3,545.0 3,155.9 Restructuring and impairment 62.8 Loss on Wattyl divestiture 111.9 Adjusted EBITDA 3,607.8 3,267.8 
 Free Cash Flow 
 Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as Net operating cash, as shown in the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows, less the amount reinvested in the business for Capital expenditures and the return of investment to its shareholders by the payment of cash dividends. Management considers Free cash flow to be a useful tool in its determination of appropriate uses of the Company s Net operating cash. The reader is cautioned that the Free cash flow measure should not be compared to other entities unknowingly as it may not be comparable and it does not consider certain non-discretionary cash flows, such as mandatory debt and interest payments. The amount shown below should not be considered an alternative to Net operating cash or other cash flow amounts provided in accordance with US GAAP as disclosed in the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows in Item 8. 
 The following table summarizes Free cash flow as calculated by management for the years indicated below: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net operating cash 1,919.9 2,244.6 Capital expenditures (644.5) (372.0) Cash dividends (618.5) (587.1) Free cash flow 656.9 1,285.5 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted Diluted Net Income Per Share 
 Management of the Company believes that investors understanding of the Company s operating performance is enhanced by the disclosure of diluted net income per share excluding Valspar acquisition-related amortization expense in 2022 and 2021, restructuring expense in 2022, and the loss on the divestiture of Wattyl in 2021. This adjusted earnings per share measurement is not in accordance with US GAAP. It should not be considered a substitute for earnings per share in accordance with US GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
 The following tables reconcile diluted net income per share computed in accordance with US GAAP to adjusted diluted net income per share. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Pre-Tax Tax Effect (1) 
 After-Tax Diluted net income per share 7.72 Restructuring expense: Severance and other .18 .03 .15 Impairment .06 .01 .05 Total .24 .04 .20 Acquisition-related amortization expense (2) 
 1.06 .25 .81 Adjusted diluted net income per share 8.73 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Pre-Tax Tax Effect (1) 
 After-Tax Diluted net income per share 6.98 Loss on divestiture .41 .07 .34 Acquisition-related amortization expense (2) 
 1.10 .27 .83 Adjusted diluted net income per share 8.15 
 
 (1) The tax effect is calculated based on the statutory rate and the nature of the item, unless otherwise noted. 
 (2) Acquisition-related amortization expense consists primarily of the amortization of intangible assets related to the Valspar acquisition and is included in Amortization. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted Segment Profit 
 Management of the Company believes that investors understanding of the Company s operating performance is enhanced by the disclosure of segment profit excluding Valspar acquisition-related amortization expense in 2022 and 2021, restructuring expense in 2022, and the loss on the divestiture of Wattyl in 2021. This adjusted segment profit measurement is not in accordance with US GAAP. It should not be considered a substitute for segment profit in accordance with US GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. The following tables reconcile segment profit computed in accordance with US GAAP to adjusted segment profit. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 The Americas Group Consumer Brands Group Performance Coatings Group Administrative Total Net external sales 12,661.0 2,690.7 6,793.5 3.7 22,148.9 Income before income taxes 2,436.6 225.7 734.9 (824.1) 2,573.1 as a of Net external sales 19.2 8.4 10.8 11.6 Restructuring expense 41.1 22.2 63.3 Acquisition-related amortization expense (1) 
 76.2 200.1 276.3 Adjusted segment profit 2,436.6 343 957.2 (824.1) 2,912.7 as a of Net external sales 19.2 12.7 14.1 13.2 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 The Americas Group Consumer Brands Group Performance Coatings Group Administrative Total Net external sales 11,217.0 2,721.6 6,003.8 2.2 19,944.6 Income before income taxes 2,239.1 358.4 486.2 (835.1) 2,248.6 as a of Net external sales 20.0 13.2 8.1 11.3 Loss on Wattyl divestiture 111.9 111.9 Acquisition-related amortization expense (1) 
 82.8 211.2 294.0 Adjusted segment profit 2,239.1 441.2 697.4 (723.2) 2,654.5 as a of Net external sales 20.0 16.2 11.6 13.3 
 (1) Acquisition-related amortization expense consists primarily of the amortization of intangible assets related to the Valspar acquisition and is included in Amortization. 

34 

Table of Contents 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. These determinations were made based upon management s best estimates, judgments and assumptions that were believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, giving due consideration to materiality. We do not believe there is a great likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions related to the accounting policies described below. However, application of these accounting policies involves the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 All of the significant accounting policies that were followed in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Management believes that the following critical accounting policies and estimates have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Inventories 
 Inventories were stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value with cost determined principally on the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method based on inventory quantities and costs determined during the fourth quarter. Inventory quantities were adjusted throughout the year as formal cycle counts were completed, or during the fourth quarter as a result of annual physical inventory counts. If inventories accounted for on the LIFO method are reduced on a year-over-year basis, then liquidation of certain quantities carried at costs prevailing in prior years occurs. Management recorded the best estimate of net realizable value for obsolete and discontinued inventories based on historical experience and current trends through reductions to inventory cost by recording a provision included in Cost of goods sold. If management estimates that the reasonable market value is below cost or determines that future demand was lower than current inventory levels, based on historical experience, current and projected market demand, current and projected volume trends and other relevant current and projected factors associated with the current economic conditions, a reduction in inventory cost to estimated net realizable value is provided for in the reserve for obsolescence. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for more information regarding the impact of the LIFO inventory valuation and the reserve for obsolescence. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 In accordance with the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the ASC, management performs impairment tests of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis, as well as whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate impairment has more likely than not occurred. An optional qualitative assessment allows companies to skip the annual quantitative test if it is not more likely than not that impairment has occurred based on monitoring key Company financial performance metrics and macroeconomic conditions. The qualitative assessment is performed when deemed appropriate. 
 In accordance with the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the ASC, management tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment per the Segment Reporting Topic of the ASC or one level below the operating segment (component level) as determined by the availability of discrete financial information that is regularly reviewed by operating segment management or an aggregate of component levels of an operating segment having similar economic characteristics. At the time of goodwill impairment testing (if performing a quantitative assessment), management determines fair value through the use of a discounted cash flow valuation model incorporating discount rates commensurate with the risks involved for each reporting unit. If the calculated fair value is less than the current carrying value, then impairment of the reporting unit exists. The use of a discounted cash flow valuation model to determine estimated fair value is common practice in impairment testing. The key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model for impairment testing include discount rates, growth rates, cash flow projections and terminal value rates. Discount rates are set by using the Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC) methodology. The WACC methodology considers market and industry data as well as Company-specific risk factors for each reporting unit in determining the appropriate discount rates to be used. The discount rate utilized for each reporting unit is indicative of the return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a business. Operational management, considering industry and Company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates, sales projections and cash flow projections for each reporting unit. Terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant WACC and low long-term growth rates. As an indicator that each reporting unit has been valued appropriately through the use of the discounted cash flow valuation model, the aggregate of all reporting units fair value is reconciled to the total market capitalization of the Company. 
 The Company had seven components, some of which are aggregated due to similar economic characteristics, to form three reporting units (also the operating segments) with goodwill as of October 1, 2022, the date of the annual impairment test. The annual impairment review performed as of October 1, 2022 did not result in any of the reporting units having impairment or deemed at risk for impairment. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

In accordance with the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the ASC, management tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the asset level, as determined by appropriate asset valuations at acquisition. Management utilizes the royalty savings method and valuation model to determine the estimated fair value for each indefinite-lived intangible asset or trademark. In this method, management estimates the royalty savings arising from the ownership of the intangible asset. The key assumptions used in estimating the royalty savings for impairment testing include discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates, sales projections, terminal value rates and, to a lesser extent, tax rates. Discount rates used are similar to the rates developed by the WACC methodology considering any differences in Company-specific risk factors between reporting units and trademarks. Royalty rates are established by management and valuation experts and periodically substantiated by valuation experts. Operational management, considering industry and Company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates and sales projections for each significant trademark. Terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual sales estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant WACC and low long-term growth rates. The royalty savings valuation methodology and calculations used in 2022 impairment testing are consistent with prior years. The annual impairment review performed as of October 1, 2022, which incorporated the impact of a business restructuring plan, resulted in trademark impairments totaling 15.5 million in the Consumer Brands Group related to the discontinuation of an architectural paint brand and lower than anticipated sales of an acquired brand. No other impairments or risks for impairment were identified as a result of this review. 
 The discounted cash flow and royalty savings valuation methodologies require management to make certain assumptions based upon information available at the time the valuations are performed. Actual results could differ from these assumptions. Management believes the assumptions used are reflective of what a market participant would have used in calculating fair value considering the current economic conditions. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for a discussion of goodwill and intangible assets and the impairment tests performed in accordance with the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the ASC. 
 Valuation of Long-Lived Assets 
 In accordance with the Property, Plant and Equipment Topic of the ASC, if events or changes in circumstances indicated that the carrying value of long-lived assets, including Operating lease right-of-use assets, may not be recoverable or the useful life had changed, impairment tests were performed or the useful life was adjusted. Undiscounted cash flows were used to calculate the recoverable value of long-lived assets to determine if such assets were not recoverable. If the carrying value of the assets was deemed to not be recoverable, the impairment to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets as determined in accordance with the Fair Value Topic of the ASC. If the usefulness of an asset was determined to be impaired, then management estimated a new useful life based on the period of time for projected uses of the asset. Fair value approaches and changes in useful life required management to make certain assumptions based upon information available at the time the valuation or determination was performed. Actual results could differ from these assumptions. Management believes the assumptions used are reflective of what a market participant would have used in calculating fair value or useful life considering the current economic conditions. All tested long-lived assets or groups of long-lived assets had undiscounted cash flows that were substantially in excess of their carrying value. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for a discussion of the reductions in carrying value or useful life of long-lived assets in accordance with the Property, Plant and Equipment Topic of the ASC. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for the Property, Plant and Equipment accounting policy. 
 Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 To determine the Company s ultimate obligation under its defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans, management must estimate the future cost of benefits and attribute that cost to the time period during which each covered employee works. To determine the obligations of such benefit plans, management uses actuaries to calculate such amounts using key assumptions such as discount rates, inflation, long-term investment returns, mortality, employee turnover, rate of compensation increases and medical and prescription drug costs. Management reviews all of these assumptions on an ongoing basis to ensure that the most current information available is being considered. An increase or decrease in the assumptions or economic events outside management s control could have a direct impact on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. 
 In accordance with the Retirement Benefits Topic of the ASC, the Company recognizes each plan s funded status as an asset for overfunded plans and as a liability for unfunded or underfunded plans. Actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs are recognized and recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI). The amounts recorded in AOCI will continue to be modified as actuarial assumptions and service costs change, and all such amounts will be amortized to expense over a period of years through the net pension and net periodic benefit costs. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

In 2023, pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs are expected to decrease based on the actuarial assumptions being applied. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for information concerning the Company s defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans. 
 Environmental Matters 
 The Company is involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of its currently and formerly owned sites (including sites which were previously owned and/or operated by businesses acquired by the Company). The Company initially provides for estimated costs of environmental-related activities relating to its past operations and third-party sites for which commitments or clean-up plans have been developed and when such costs can be reasonably estimated based on industry standards and professional judgment. These estimated costs, which are mostly undiscounted, are determined based on currently available facts regarding each site. If the reasonably estimable costs can only be identified as a range and no specific amount within that range can be determined more likely than any other amount within the range, the minimum of the range is provided. 
 The Company continuously assesses its potential liability for investigation and remediation-related activities and adjusts its environmental-related accruals as information becomes available upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated and as additional accounting guidelines are issued. Actual costs incurred may vary from the accrued estimates due to the inherent uncertainties involved. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for information concerning the accrual for extended environmental-related activities and a discussion concerning unaccrued future loss contingencies. 
 Litigation and Other Contingent Liabilities 
 In the course of its business, the Company is subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits, including, but not limited to, litigation relating to product liability and warranty, personal injury, environmental, intellectual property, commercial, contractual and antitrust claims. Management believes that the Company has properly accrued for all known liabilities that existed and those where a loss was deemed probable for which a fair value was available or an amount could be reasonably estimated in accordance with US GAAP. However, because litigation is inherently subject to many uncertainties and the ultimate result of any present or future litigation is unpredictable, the Company s ultimate liability may result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued. In the event that the Company s loss contingency is ultimately determined to be significantly higher than currently accrued, the recording of the liability may result in a material impact on net income for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued. Additionally, due to the uncertainties involved, any potential liability determined to be attributable to the Company arising out of such litigation may have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for information concerning litigation. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company estimated income taxes for each jurisdiction that it operated in. This involved estimating taxable earnings, specific taxable and deductible items, the likelihood of generating sufficient future taxable income to utilize deferred tax assets and possible exposures related to future tax audits. To the extent these estimates change, adjustments to deferred and accrued income taxes will be made in the period in which the changes occur. 
 We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. These assessments of uncertain tax positions contain judgments related to the interpretation of tax regulations in the jurisdictions in which we transact business. The judgments and estimates made at a point in time may change based on the outcome of tax audits, expiration of statutes of limitations, as well as changes to, or further interpretations of, tax laws and regulations. Income tax expense is adjusted in our Statements of Consolidated Income in the period in which these events occur. See Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for information concerning income taxes. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risk associated with interest rates, foreign currency and commodity fluctuations. We occasionally utilize derivative instruments as part of our overall financial risk management policy, but do not use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. In 2022 and 2021, the Company utilized U.S. Dollar to Euro cross currency swap contracts to hedge the Company s net investment in its European operations. The contracts have been designated as net investment hedges and have various maturity dates. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. The Company entered into forward foreign currency exchange contracts during 2022 to hedge against value changes in foreign currency. There were no material contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022. Forward foreign currency exchange contracts are described in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. We believe we may experience continuing losses from foreign currency fluctuations. However, we do not expect currency translation, transaction or hedging contract losses to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 40 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 41 
 Report of Management on the Consolidated Financial Statements 43 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Consolidated Financial Statements (PCAOB ID: 
 44 
 Statements of Consolidated Income 46 
 Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income 47 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 48 
 Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows 49 
 Statements of Consolidated Shareholders Equity 50 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 51 

39 

Table of Contents 

Report of Management 
 On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Shareholders of The Sherwin-Williams Company 
 We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We recognize that internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and is subject to the possibility of human error or the circumvention or the overriding of internal control. Therefore, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, we believe we have designed into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 In order to ensure that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022, we conducted an assessment of its effectiveness under the supervision and with the participation of our management group, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. This assessment was based on the criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 As permitted by SEC rules, we have excluded the operations and related assets of the 2022 acquisitions from the scope of our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The Total assets and Net sales of the 2022 acquisitions represented approximately 5.0 and 0.6 of the Company's respective consolidated Total assets and Net sales as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Based on our assessment of internal control over financial reporting under the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework, we have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by , an independent registered public accounting firm, and their report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is included on page 41 of this report. 
 
 J. G. Morikis 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

A. J. Mistysyn 
 Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

J. M. Cronin 
 Senior Vice President - Enterprise Finance 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of The Sherwin-Williams Company 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited The Sherwin-Williams Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, The Sherwin-Williams Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 As indicated in the accompanying Report of Management On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Sika AG, Gross Perthun GmbH, Dur-A-Flex, Inc., Powdertech Oy Ltd., and Industria Chimica Adriatica S.p.A. (collectively the 2022 acquisitions), which are included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 5.0 of Total assets as of December 31, 2022 and 0.6 of Net sales for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of the 2022 acquisitions excluded from the scope of management s assessment. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of The Sherwin-Williams Company as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the related statements of consolidated income, comprehensive income, cash flows and shareholders equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in Item 15(a) and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young, LLP 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 February 22, 2023 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Report of Management 
 On the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Shareholders of The Sherwin-Williams Company 
 We are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements, accompanying notes and related financial information included in this report of The Sherwin-Williams Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and for the years then ended in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The consolidated financial information included in this report contains certain amounts that were based upon our best estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe were reasonable under the circumstances. 
 We have conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As discussed in the Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting on page 40 of this report, we concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Board of Directors pursues its responsibility for the oversight of the Company s accounting policies and procedures, financial statement preparation and internal control over financial reporting through the Audit Committee, comprised exclusively of independent directors. The Audit Committee is responsible for the appointment and compensation of the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee meets at least quarterly with financial management, internal auditors and the independent registered public accounting firm to review the adequacy of financial controls, the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and the nature, extent and results of the audit effort. Both the internal auditors and the independent registered public accounting firm have private and confidential access to the Audit Committee at all times. 
 We believe that the consolidated financial statements, accompanying notes and related financial information included in this report fairly reflect the form and substance of all material financial transactions and fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented. 
 
 J. G. Morikis 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

A. J. Mistysyn 
 Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

J. M. Cronin 
 Senior Vice President - Enterprise Finance 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of The Sherwin-Williams Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Sherwin-Williams Company (the Company as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the related statements of consolidated income, comprehensive income, cash flows and shareholders equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

44 

Table of Contents 

Gibbsboro environmental-related accrual Description of the Matter As described in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had short-term and long-term accruals for environmental-related activities of 50.2 million and 240.2 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. The Company s largest and most complex site is the Gibbsboro, New Jersey site Gibbsboro and the substantial majority of the environmental-related accrual relates to this site. Gibbsboro consists of six operable units which contain a combination of soil, sediment, waterbodies and groundwater contamination, and are in various phases of investigation and remediation with the Environmental Protection Agency EPA ). The Company s estimated environmental-related accrual for Gibbsboro is based on industry standards and professional judgement, and the most significant assumptions underlying the estimated cost of remediation efforts reserved for Gibbsboro are the types and extent of future remediation. 
 
 Auditing the Company s environmental-related accrual at the Gibbsboro site required complex judgement due to the inherent challenges in identifying the type and extent of future remedies in determining the probable and reasonably estimable loss for which the Company will be responsible. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's processes to estimate the Gibbsboro environmental-related accrual. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the environmental loss calculations and the key assumptions affecting those calculations as described above. 
 
 To test the Gibbsboro environmental-related accrual, our audit procedures included, among others, a review of correspondence with the EPA supporting the Company s assessment of the type, extent and cost of remediation at the Gibbsboro site for which the Company is responsible. We assessed the appropriateness of the Company s policies and procedures and tested management s environmental reserve estimate. We involved our environmental specialists to confirm our understanding of the remediation plans for the most significant operable units within the Gibbsboro site and to evaluate the impact of current year investigation and remediation activities on the Company's methodology and assumptions used to estimate the cost and extent of remediation in accordance with industry practice, applicable laws and regulations. We reconciled types and extent of remediation identified in communications between the Company and the EPA to the Company s remediation cost estimates recorded for Gibbsboro. We also conducted a search for publicly available information that might indicate facts contrary to the types and extent of remediation currently identified in the Company s remediation cost estimates recorded for Gibbsboro. 

/s/ Ernst Young, LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1908. 
 
 February 22, 2023 

45 

Table of Contents 

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED INCOME 
 
 (in millions, except per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Percent to Net sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Percent to Net sales Other general (income) expense - net ) Amortization Impairment of trademarks Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) Other expense (income) - net ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

46 

Table of Contents 

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments (1) 
 ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments: Amounts recognized in AOCI (2) 
 ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI (3) 
 ) Unrealized net gains on cash flow hedges: Amounts reclassified from AOCI (4) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 (1) million, million and ) million, respectively, related to net investment hedges. See Note 17. 
 (2) million, ) million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) million, ) million and ) million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively . 
 (4) million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities: Short-term borrowings Accounts payable Compensation and taxes withheld Accrued taxes Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other accruals Total current liabilities Long-term debt Postretirement benefits other than pensions Deferred income taxes Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Shareholders equity: Common stock - -1/3 par value: 
 , , and million shares outstanding 
 at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Other capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total shareholders equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net operating cash: Depreciation Non-cash lease expense Amortization of intangible assets Loss on divestiture of business (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt ) Impairment of trademarks Amortization of credit facility and debt issuance costs Provisions for environmental-related matters ) ) Provisions for restructuring Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Defined benefit pension plans net cost Stock-based compensation expense Amortization of non-traded investments Gain on sale or disposition of assets ) ) ) Other ) ) Change in working capital accounts: (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable ) ) (Increase) decrease in inventories ) ) Increase in accounts payable (Decrease) increase in accrued taxes ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued compensation and taxes withheld ) Decrease (increase) in refundable income taxes ) Other ) ) Change in operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Costs incurred for environmental-related matters ) ) ) Other ) ) Net operating cash Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Proceeds from divestiture of business Proceeds from sale of assets Other ) ) Net investing cash ) ) ) Financing Activities Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings ) Proceeds from long-term debt Payments of long-term debt ) ) ) Payments for credit facility and debt issuance costs ) ) ) Payments of cash dividends ) ) ) Proceeds from stock options exercised Treasury stock purchased ) ) ) Proceeds from treasury stock issued Proceeds from real estate financing transactions Other ) ) ) Net financing cash ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Taxes paid on income Interest paid on debt 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 (in millions, except per share data) Common Stock Other Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss ) ) Adjustment to initially adopt ASU 2016-13 ) ) Treasury stock purchased ) ) Treasury stock issued Treasury stock retired ) ) Stock-based compensation activity ) Other adjustments ) Cash dividends -- per share 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Treasury stock purchased ) ) Treasury stock issued Stock-based compensation activity ) Other adjustments Cash dividends -- per share 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock purchased ) ) Treasury stock issued Stock-based compensation activity ) Other adjustments ) ) ) Cash dividends -- per share 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

50 

Table of Contents 

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (millions of dollars, unless otherwise noted) 

NOTE 1 

Reportable Segments 
 See Note 23 for further details. 
 to years for buildings and to years for machinery and equipment. Depreciation and amortization are included in the appropriate Cost of goods sold or Selling, general and administrative expenses caption on the Statements of Consolidated Income. 
 to years. See Note 7 for further details. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

See Note 6 for further details. 
 material foreign currency option and forward contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. See Note 20 for further details. 
 The Company also entered into cross currency swap contracts to hedge its net investment in European operations in 2022, 2021, and 2020. These contracts qualified for and were designated as net investment hedges as permitted under US GAAP. The changes in fair value for the cross currency swaps are recognized in the foreign currency translation adjustments component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI). The cash flow impact of these instruments is classified as an investing activity in the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. See Note 17 for further details. 

Other accruals Other long-term liabilities 
 
 Amounts outstanding under these agreements totaled million, million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Charges to expense Settlements ) ) ) Balance at December 31 
 
 See Note 9 for further details. 
 
 See Notes 11 and 20 for further details. 
 
 See Note 14 for further details on the defined contribution savings plan. 
 
 See Note 15 for further details. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

See Note 19 for further details. 
 
 Research and development costs included in technical expenditures were million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 million, million and million in advertising costs during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. General and administrative expenses include human resources, legal, finance and other support and administrative functions. 
 million and million of government incentives received as cash payments related to the construction of the Company s new headquarters and R D center in 2022 and 2021, respectively. These government incentives were recorded as a reduction in the carrying amount of the respective assets under construction within Property, plant and equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and within Other as an investing activity on the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. 
 million to million on an incremental basis until the completion of construction. In December 2022, the Company received million at closing pursuant to the transaction. The net proceeds are recognized within the Financing Activities section of the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows, and corresponding financing obligations are recognized within Other long-term liabilities and Other accruals on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Future payments are estimated to be million during the remaining construction period, of which million is estimated to be paid in the following twelve months. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

See Note 22 for further details. 
 
 NOTE 2 
 
 NOTE 3 
 billion, including amounts withheld as security for certain representations, warranties and obligations of the sellers. The purchase price for each acquisition was preliminarily allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities based on information available at the date of acquisition and may change as the Company completes its analysis of net assets acquired, primarily the identification and valuation of intangible assets. As of December 31, 2022, million of intangible assets and million of goodwill were recognized from these transactions. The Company expects to finalize the purchase price allocation for each of the acquisitions within the allowable measurement period. The results of operations for the acquisitions have been included in the consolidated financial 
 55 

Table of Contents 

million, including amounts withheld as security for certain representations, warranties and obligations of the sellers. The purchase price for each acquisition was preliminarily allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities based on information available at the date of acquisition. As of December 31, 2021, million of goodwill and million of intangible assets were recognized from these transactions. During the first quarter of 2022, the Company made certain adjustments to the preliminary purchase accounting adjustments associated with the net assets acquired in its 2021 acquisition of Specialty Polymers. The fair value of finite-lived intangible assets increased by million and property, plant and equipment assets acquired increased by million, offset by a corresponding net decrease in goodwill. There was no material impact on previously reported financial results from these adjustments. The Company completed the preliminary purchase price allocation for the acquisitions completed in 2021 within the allowable measurement period. See Note 7 for additional information related to the acquisitions. The results of operations for the acquisitions have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the respective acquisition dates. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented as the impact on the Company s consolidated financial results is not material. 
 Divestiture 
 million. The divestiture will enable the Company to focus its resources on global opportunities which better align with our long-term strategies. In connection with this transaction, the Company recognized a pre-tax loss of million within Other general (income) expense - net (see Note 20). The Wattyl divestiture does not meet the criteria to be reported as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements as the Company s decision to divest this business did not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 4 
 Provisions: Severance and related costs Other qualified costs Total Payments ) ) Currency impact and other adjustments ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Restructuring Plan Expense: Total expense incurred to date Additional expense expected Total expected expense 
 In addition to the provisions above, which were primarily recorded in Cost of goods sold and Selling, general and administrative expense, trademark impairment of million was also recorded in the Consumer Brands Group. See Note 7 for further information. 
 
 NOTE 5 
 Work in process and raw materials Inventories 
 Inventories were stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost primarily determined on the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method. Management believes that the use of LIFO results in a better matching of costs and revenues. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Excess of FIFO over LIFO 
 During 2021, certain inventories accounted for on the LIFO method were reduced, resulting in the liquidation of certain quantities carried at costs prevailing in prior years. The 2021 liquidation increased net income by million. 
 The Company recorded a reserve for obsolescence of million, million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to reduce Inventories to their estimated net realizable value. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment, gross Less allowances for depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net 
 In accordance with the Property, Plant and Equipment Topic of the ASC, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable or the useful life may have changed, impairment tests are to be performed. Undiscounted cash flows are used to calculate the recoverable value of long-lived assets to determine if such assets are not recoverable. If the carrying value of the assets is deemed to not be recoverable, the impairment to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets as determined in accordance with the Fair Value Topic of the ASC. No material impairments of long-lived assets were recorded in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 NOTE 7 
 companies which resulted in the recognition of goodwill of million and finite-lived intangibles of million. The acquired intangibles are being amortized over a weighted-average useful life of approximately years. During 2021, the Company acquired companies which resulted in the recognition of goodwill of million and finite-lived intangibles of million. As a result of certain adjustments to the preliminary purchase accounting for the 2021 acquisitions during 2022, goodwill decreased by million and the fair value of finite-lived intangibles assets increased by million. In addition, during 2021, the Company divested its Wattyl business in Australia and New Zealand. See Note 3 for additional information related to the acquisitions and divestiture. 
 In accordance with the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the ASC, goodwill at the reporting unit level and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually, and interim impairment tests are performed whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate an impairment has more likely than not occurred. October 1 has been established for the annual impairment review. An optional qualitative assessment may alleviate the need to perform quantitative goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests when impairment is unlikely. Should a quantitative impairment test be performed, values are estimated separately for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets using a valuation model, incorporating discount rates commensurate with the risks involved for each group of assets. 
 The annual impairment review performed as of October 1, 2022, which incorporated the impact of the Restructuring Plan, resulted in trademark impairments totaling million in the Consumer Brands Group related to the discontinuation of an architectural paint brand and lower than anticipated sales of an acquired brand and no goodwill impairment. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

million in the Performance Coatings Group related to lower than anticipated sales of an acquired brand and no goodwill impairment. 
 Currency and other adjustments Balance at December 31, 2020 (1) 
 Acquisitions Currency and other adjustments ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 (1) 
 Acquisitions and acquisition adjustments Currency and other adjustments ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (1) 
 
 (1) Net of accumulated impairment losses of million million in The Americas Group, million in the Consumer Brands Group and million in the Performance Coatings Group). 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) ) Net value December 31, 2021 Gross Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) ) Net value December 31, 2020 Gross Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) ) Net value 
 (1) Trademarks are net of accumulated impairment losses of million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Amortization of finite-lived intangible assets is estimated as follows for the next five years: million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027. 
 Although the Company believes its estimates of fair value related to reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reasonable, actual financial results could differ from those estimates due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making such estimates. Changes in assumptions concerning future financial results or other underlying assumptions could have a significant impact and future impairment charges may be required. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 8 
 Senior Notes 
 2027 Senior Notes 
 2047 Senior Notes 
 2029 Senior Notes 
 2024 Senior Notes 
 2049 Senior Notes 
 2024 Senior Notes 
 2030 Senior Notes 
 2032 Senior Notes 
 2050 Senior Notes 
 2052 Senior Notes 
 2025 Senior Notes 
 2025 Senior Notes 
 2045 Senior Notes 
 2026 Senior Notes 
 2042 Senior Notes 
 2025 Senior Notes 
 2045 Debentures 
 2027 Debentures 
 2097 to Promissory Notes 
 Through 2026 Senior Notes 
 2022 Senior Notes 
 2022 Fixed Rate Loan 
 2021 Total (1) 
 Less amounts due within one year Long-term debt 
 million, million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Maturities of long-term debt are as follows for the next five years: million in 2023; billion in 2024; billion in 2025, million in 2026 and billion in 2027. Interest expense on long-term debt was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Among other restrictions, the Company s notes, debentures and revolving credit agreement contain certain covenants relating to liens, ratings changes, merger and sale of assets, consolidated leverage and change of control, as defined in the agreements. In the event of default under any one of these arrangements, acceleration of the maturity of any one or more of these borrowings may result. The Company was in compliance with all covenants for all years presented. 
 In August 2022, the Company issued million of Senior Notes due August 2024 and million of Senior Notes due August 2025 in a public offering. The net proceeds from the issuance of these notes were used to repay borrowings outstanding under the Company s credit agreement dated May 9, 2016, as amended, and domestic commercial paper program. 
 In November 2021, the Company issued million of Senior Notes due March 2032 and million of Senior Notes due March 2052 in a public offering. The net proceeds from the issuance of these notes were used to repay outstanding borrowings under the Company s domestic commercial paper program. 
 In October 2021, the Company exercised its optional redemption rights to redeem the entire outstanding million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2022 and its Notes due 2022 initially issued by The Valspar 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Senior Notes). The Senior Notes were redeemed at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued interest, and resulted in a gain of million recorded in Other expense (income) - net . See Note 20. 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 On August 30, 2022, the Company and two of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Sherwin-Williams Canada Inc. (SW Canada) and Sherwin-Williams Luxembourg S. r.l. (SW Luxembourg, together with the Company and SW Canada, the Borrowers), entered into a new billion credit agreement (2022 Credit Agreement). The 2022 Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including the financing of working capital requirements. The 2022 Credit Agreement replaced the billion credit agreement dated June 29, 2021, as amended, which was terminated effective August 30, 2022. The 2022 Credit Agreement will mature on August 30, 2027 and provides that the Company may request to extend the maturity date of the facility for additional periods. In addition, the 2022 Credit Agreement provides that the Borrowers may increase the aggregate size of the facility up to an additional amount of million, subject to the discretion of each lender to participate in the increase, and the Borrowers may request letters of credit in an amount of up to million. 
 On August 2, 2021, the Company entered into an amended and restated million credit agreement (2021 Credit Agreement), which amends and restates the credit agreement entered into in September 2017. The 2021 Credit Agreement was subsequently amended on multiple dates to extend the maturity of commitments available for borrowing or letters of credit under the agreement. 
 On May 9, 2016, the Company entered into a credit agreement (2016 Credit Agreement), subsequently amended on multiple dates to extend the maturity of commitments available for borrowing or letters of credit under the agreement. The 2016 credit agreement gives the Company the right to borrow and obtain letters of credit up to an aggregate availability of million. These credit agreements are being used for general corporate purposes. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were borrowings outstanding under these credit agreements. 
 The Company s available capacity under its committed credit agreements is reduced for amounts outstanding under its domestic commercial paper program and letters of credit. At December 31, 2022, the Company had unused capacity under its various credit agreements of billion. 
 Foreign facilities Total Weighted average interest rate: Domestic Foreign 
 Interest expense on Short-term borrowings was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 9 
 , and active employees covered by the benefits under these plans at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The cost of these benefits for active employees, which includes claims incurred but not reported, amounted to million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Defined Contribution Pension Plans 
 The Company s annual contribution for its domestic defined contribution pension plan was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The contribution percentage ranges from percent to percent of compensation for covered employees based on an age and service formula. Assets in employee accounts of the domestic defined contribution pension plan are invested in various investment funds as directed by the participants. These investment funds did not own a significant number of shares of the Company s common stock for any year presented. 
 The Company s annual contributions for its foreign defined contribution pension plans, which are based on various percentages of compensation for covered employees up to certain limits, were million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Assets in employee accounts of the foreign defined contribution pension plans are invested in various investment funds. These investment funds did not own a significant number of shares of the Company s common stock for any year presented. 
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans 
 At December 31, 2022, the domestic defined benefit pension plan was overfunded, with a projected benefit obligation of million, fair value of plan assets of million and excess plan assets of million. The plan was funded in accordance with all applicable regulations at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company has foreign defined benefit pension plans. At December 31, 2022, of the Company s foreign defined benefit pension plans were unfunded or underfunded, with combined accumulated benefit obligations, projected benefit obligations, fair values of net assets and deficiencies of plan assets of million, million, million and million, respectively. 
 The Company expects to make the following benefit payments for all domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plans: million in 2023; million in 2024; million in 2025; million in 2026; million in 2027; and million in 2028 through 2032. The Company expects to contribute million to the foreign plans in 2023. 
 The estimated net actuarial gains and prior service costs for the defined benefit pension plans that are expected to be amortized from AOCI into net pension costs in 2023 are ) million and million, respectively. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) Amortization of actuarial losses Ongoing pension cost Settlement costs ) Net pension cost Other changes in plan assets and projected benefit 
 obligation recognized in AOCI (before taxes): 
 Net actuarial losses (gains) arising during the year ) ) ) ) Prior service cost (credit) arising during the year ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial losses ) ) ) Amortization of prior service (cost) credit ) ) ) Gain (loss) recognized for settlement ) ) Exchange rate (loss) gain recognized during the year ) ) Total recognized in AOCI ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net pension cost and AOCI 
 ) ) ) ) 
 Service cost is recorded in Cost of goods sold and Selling, general and administrative expense. All other components of Net pension costs are recorded in Other expense (income) - net. 
 The Company employs a total return investment approach for the domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plan assets. A mix of equities and fixed income investments are used to maximize the long-term return of assets for a prudent level of risk. In determining the expected long-term rate of return on defined benefit pension plan assets, management considers the historical rates of return, the nature of investments and an expectation of future investment strategies. The target allocations for plan assets are equity securities, fixed income securities and other (including alternative investments and cash). 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Fixed income investments (2) 
 Other assets (3) 
 Total investments in fair value hierarchy Investments measured at NAV or its equivalent (4) 
 Total investments Fair value at December 31, 2021 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Investments at fair value: Equity investments (1) 
 Fixed income investments (2) 
 Other assets (3) 
 Total investments in fair value hierarchy Investments measured at NAV or its equivalent (4) 
 Total investments Fair value at December 31, 2020 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Investments at fair value: Equity investments (1) 
 Fixed income investments (2) 
 Other assets (3) 
 Total investments in fair value hierarchy Investments measured at NAV or its equivalent (4) 
 Total investments 
 (1) This category includes actively managed equity assets that track primarily to the S P 500. 
 (2) This category includes government and corporate bonds that track primarily to the Barclays Capital Aggregate Bond Index. 
 (3) This category includes real estate and pooled investment funds. 
 (4) This category includes pooled investment funds and private equity funds that are measured at NAV or its equivalent using the practical expedient. Therefore, these investments are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. 

64 

Table of Contents 

Projected benefit obligations: Balances at beginning of year Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gains) losses ) ) ) ) Contributions and other ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Effect of foreign exchange ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Balances at end of year Plan assets: Balances at beginning of year Actual returns on plan assets ) ) Contributions and other ) Settlements ) ) ) Effect of foreign exchange ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Balances at end of year Excess (deficient) plan assets over 
 projected benefit obligations 
 ) ) ) Assets and liabilities recognized in the 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets: 
 Deferred pension assets Other accruals ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in AOCI: Net actuarial gains (losses) ) Prior service (costs) credits ) ) ) ) ) Weighted-average assumptions used to 
 determine projected benefit obligations: 
 Discount rate Rate of compensation increase Weighted-average assumptions used to 
 determine net pension cost: 
 Discount rate Expected long-term rate of 
 return on assets 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
 Employees of the Company hired in the United States prior to January 1, 1993 who are not members of a collective bargaining unit, and certain groups of employees added through acquisitions, are eligible for health care and life insurance benefits upon retirement, subject to the terms of the unfunded plans. There were , and retired employees covered by these postretirement benefits at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Plan amendments ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) Balance at end of year - unfunded Liabilities recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Other accruals ) ) ) Postretirement benefits other than pensions ) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in AOCI: Net actuarial gains (losses) ) ) Prior service credits (cost) ) ) ) Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligation: Discount rate Health care cost trend rate - pre-65 Health care cost trend rate - post-65 Prescription drug cost increases Employer Group Waiver Plan (EGWP) trend rate N/A Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost: Discount rate Health care cost trend rate - pre-65 Health care cost trend rate - post-65 Prescription drug cost increases 

66 

Table of Contents 

Interest cost Amortization of actuarial losses Amortization of prior service (credit) cost ) ) Net periodic benefit cost Other changes in projected benefit obligation recognized in 
 AOCI (before taxes): 
 Net actuarial (gain) loss arising during the year ) ) Prior service (credit) cost arising during the year ) ) Amortization of actuarial losses ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit (cost) ) Total recognized in AOCI ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and AOCI ) 
 The estimated net actuarial losses and prior service credits for other postretirement benefits that are expected to be amortized from AOCI into net periodic benefit cost in 2023 are million and ) million, respectively. 
 The assumed health care cost trend rate and prescription drug cost increases used to determine the net periodic benefit cost for postretirement health care benefits for 2023 both decrease in each successive year until reaching in 2032. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 Total expected benefit cash payments 
 67 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 10 
 or more options to renew. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company s discretion and is not reasonably certain at lease commencement. The Company does not account for lease and non-lease components of contracts separately for any underlying asset class. Some leases have variable payments, however, because they are not based on an index or rate, they are not included in the ROU assets and liabilities. Variable payments for real estate leases relate primarily to common area maintenance, insurance, taxes and utilities associated with the properties. Variable payments for equipment leases relate primarily to hours, miles, or other quantifiable usage factors which are not determinable at the time the lease agreement is entered into by the Company. The Company has made an accounting policy election by underlying asset class to not apply the recognition requirements of ASC 842 to short-term leases. As a result, certain leases with a term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet and expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Most leases do not contain an implicit discount rate. Therefore, the Company s estimated incremental borrowing rate based on information available at the time of lease inception is used to discount lease payments to present value. 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Operating cash outflows from operating leases Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term years years years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Amount representing interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 11 
 million, million and million, respectively. Estimated costs of current investigation and remediation activities of million, million and million are included in Other accruals at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Actual costs incurred may vary from the accrued estimates due to the inherent uncertainties involved including, among others, the number and financial condition of parties involved with respect to any given site, the volumetric contribution which may be attributed to the Company relative to that attributed to other parties, the nature and magnitude of the wastes involved, the various technologies that can be used for remediation and the determination of acceptable remediation with respect to a particular site. If the Company s future loss contingency is ultimately determined to be at the unaccrued maximum of the estimated range of possible outcomes for every site for which costs can be reasonably estimated, the Company s accrual for environmental-related activities would be million higher than the minimum accruals at December 31, 2022. Additionally, costs for environmental-related activities may not be reasonably estimable at early stages of investigation and therefore would not be included in the unaccrued maximum amount. 
 of the Company s currently and formerly owned manufacturing sites Major Sites account for the majority of the accrual for environmental-related activities and the unaccrued maximum of the estimated range of possible outcomes at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, million, or of the total accrual, related directly to the Major Sites. In the aggregate unaccrued maximum of million at December 31, 2022, million, or , related to the Major Sites. The significant cost components of this liability continue to be related to remedy implementation, regulatory agency interaction and project management and other costs. While different for each specific environmental situation, these components generally each account for approximately , , and , respectively, of the accrued amount and those percentages are subject to change over time. While environmental investigations and remedial actions are in different stages at these sites, additional investigations, remedial actions and monitoring will likely be required at each site. 
 The largest and most complex of the Major Sites is the Gibbsboro, New Jersey site Gibbsboro which comprises the substantial majority of the environmental-related accrual. Gibbsboro, a former manufacturing plant, and related areas, which ceased operations in 1978, has had various areas included on the National Priorities List since 1999. This location has soil, sediment, waterbodies, and groundwater contamination related to the historic operations of the facility. Gibbsboro has been divided by the Environmental Protection Agency EPA into operable units OUs based on location and characteristics, whose investigation and remediation efforts are likely to occur over an extended period of time. Each of the OUs are in various phases of investigation and remediation with the EPA that provide enough information to reasonably estimate cost ranges and record environmental-related accruals. The most significant assumptions underlying the reliability and precision of remediation 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Major Sites comprising the majority of the accrual include: (1) a multi-party Superfund site that (a) has received a record of decision from the federal EPA and is currently in the remedial design phase for one OU, (b) has received a record of decision from the federal EPA for an interim remedy for another OU, and (c) has a remedial investigation ongoing for another OU, (2) a closed paint manufacturing facility that is in the operation and maintenance phase of remediation under both federal and state EPA programs, and (3) a formerly-owned site containing warehouse and office space that is in the remedial investigation phase under a state EPA program. Each of these Major Sites are in phases of investigation and remediation that provide sufficient information to reasonably estimate cost ranges and record environmental-related accruals. 
 Excluding the Major Sites discussed above, no sites are individually material to the total accrual balance. There are multiple, future events yet to occur, including further remedy selection and design, remedy implementation and execution, and securing applicable governmental agency approvals, all of which have the potential to contribute to the uncertainty surrounding these future events. As these events occur and to the extent that the cost estimates of the environmental remediation change, the existing reserve will be adjusted. 
 Management cannot presently estimate the ultimate potential loss contingencies related to these sites or other less significant sites until such time as a substantial portion of the investigation at the sites is completed and remedial action plans are developed. Unasserted claims could have a material effect on the Company s loss contingency as more information becomes available over time. At December 31, 2022 , the Company did not have material loss contingency accruals related to unasserted claims. Management does not expect that a material portion of unrecognized loss contingencies will be recoverable through insurance, indemnification agreements or other sources. In the event any future loss contingency significantly exceeds the current amount accrued, the recording of the ultimate liability may result in a material impact on net income for the annual or interim period during which the additional costs are accrued. Moreover, management does not believe that any potential liability ultimately attributed to the Company for its environmental-related matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, liquidity, or cash flow due to the extended length of time during which environmental investigation and remediation takes place. An estimate of the potential impact on the Company s operations cannot be made due to the aforementioned uncertainties. 
 Management expects these contingent environmental-related liabilities to be resolved over an extended period of time. Management is unable to provide a more specific time frame due to the indeterminate amount of time to conduct investigation activities at any site, the indeterminate amount of time to obtain environmental agency approval, as necessary, with respect to investigation and remediation activities, and the indeterminate amount of time necessary to conduct remediation activities. 
 The Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations Topic of the ASC requires a liability to be recognized for the fair value of a conditional asset retirement obligation if a settlement date and fair value can be reasonably estimated. The Company recognizes a liability for any conditional asset retirement obligation when sufficient information is available to reasonably estimate a settlement date to determine the fair value of such a liability. The Company has identified certain conditional asset retirement obligations at various current and closed manufacturing, distribution and store facilities. These obligations relate primarily to asbestos abatement, hazardous waste Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) closures, well abandonment, transformers and used oil disposals and underground storage tank closures. Using investigative, remediation and disposal methods that are currently available to the Company, the estimated costs of these obligations were accrued and are not significant. The recording of additional liabilities for future conditional asset retirement obligations may result in a material impact on net income for the annual or interim period during which the costs are accrued. Management does not believe that any potential liability ultimately attributed to the Company for its conditional asset retirement obligations will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, liquidity, or cash flow due to the extended period of time over which sufficient information may become available regarding the closure or modification of any one or group of the Company s facilities. An estimate of the potential impact on the Company s operations cannot be made due to the aforementioned uncertainties. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 12 
 71 

Table of Contents 

proceedings in Pennsylvania were initiated in October 2018. The Pennsylvania counties of Montgomery and Lehigh filed complaints against the Company and several other former lead-based paint and lead pigment manufacturers in the Courts of Common Pleas of Montgomery County and Lehigh County, respectively. In both actions, the counties request declaratory relief establishing the existence of a public nuisance and the defendants contribution to it, the abatement of an ongoing public nuisance arising from the presence of lead-based paint in housing throughout the applicable county, an injunction against future illicit conduct, and the costs of litigation and attorneys fees. After the defendants removed the actions to federal court and the actions were remanded to state court, the defendants filed preliminary objections on December 21, 2020, seeking to dismiss the complaints with prejudice. 
 In the Lehigh County action, the trial court denied the defendants preliminary objections on August 6, 2021. Defendants filed a motion to amend the order to allow an interlocutory appeal or, in the alternative, for reconsideration. The trial court denied the defendants motion on September 13, 2021. On September 27, 2021, the Company answered the complaint, asserted new matter and affirmative defenses, alleged counterclaims against Lehigh County, and filed a third-party complaint against certain County officials, other owners of pre-1980 housing, and lead abatement contractors who have been cited for violating state or local laws. On October 13, 2021, the defendants filed with the Superior Court, one of Pennsylvania s intermediate appellate courts, a petition for permission to appeal the trial court s order denying the defendants preliminary objections. On November 17, 2021, the Superior Court transferred the appeal to the Commonwealth Court, another one of Pennsylvania s intermediate appellate courts. 
 In the Montgomery County action, the trial court denied the defendants preliminary objections on October 15, 2021. The defendants filed a motion to amend the order overruling their preliminary objections to allow an interlocutory appeal, which the trial court granted on November 9, 2021. On December 3, 2021, the defendants filed a petition for permission to appeal with the Commonwealth Court. 
 The Commonwealth Court granted the defendants petitions for permission to appeal in both the Montgomery County and Lehigh County actions on February 18, 2022, and stayed all proceedings in the trial courts pending the appellate court proceedings. The parties filed their respective briefs in both actions, and oral argument occurred on December 14, 2022. 
 Litigation seeking damages from alleged personal injury. The Company and other companies are or have been defendants in a number of legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief from alleged personal injuries. These proceedings include claims by children allegedly injured from ingestion of lead pigment or lead-containing paint and claims for damages allegedly incurred by the children s parents or guardians. These proceedings generally seek compensatory and punitive damages, and seek other relief including medical monitoring costs. These proceedings include purported claims by individuals, groups of individuals and class actions. 
 The plaintiff in Thomas v. Lead Industries Association, et al., initiated an action in Wisconsin state court against the Company, other alleged former lead pigment manufacturers and the Lead Industries Association in September 1999. The claims against the defendants included strict liability, negligence, negligent misrepresentation and omissions, fraudulent misrepresentation and omissions, concert of action, civil conspiracy and enterprise liability. Implicit within these claims is the theory of risk contribution liability (Wisconsin s theory is similar to market share liability, except that liability can be joint and several) due to the plaintiff s inability to identify the manufacturer of any product that allegedly injured the plaintiff. The case ultimately proceeded to trial and, on November 5, 2007, the jury returned a defense verdict, finding that the plaintiff had ingested white lead carbonate, but was not brain damaged or injured as a result. The plaintiff appealed, and on December 16, 2010, the Wisconsin Court of Appeals affirmed the final judgment in favor of the defendants. 
 Wisconsin is the only jurisdiction to date to apply a theory of liability with respect to alleged personal injury (i.e., risk contribution/market share liability) that does not require the plaintiff to identify the manufacturer of the product that allegedly injured the plaintiff in the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation. Although the risk contribution liability theory was applied during the Thomas trial, the constitutionality of this theory as applied to the lead pigment cases has not been judicially determined by the Wisconsin state courts. However, in an unrelated action filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin, Gibson v. American Cyanamid, et al., on November 15, 2010, the district court held that 
 72 

Table of Contents 

cases (Ravon Owens v. American Cyanamid, et al., Cesar Sifuentes v. American Cyanamid, et al., and Glenn Burton, Jr. v. American Cyanamid, et al.) for purposes of trial. A trial was held in May 2019 and resulted in a jury verdict for the plaintiffs in the amount of million each for a total of million against the Company and other defendants (Armstrong Containers Inc. and E.I. du Pont de Nemours). After post-trial motions resulted in the damages award to plaintiff Glenn Burton, Jr. being reduced to , the Company filed a notice of appeal with the Seventh Circuit. On April 15, 2021, the Seventh Circuit reversed the judgments and held that the Company was entitled to judgment as a matter of law on all claims filed by the plaintiffs . The plaintiffs filed a petition with the Seventh Circuit on April 27, 2021, seeking a rehearing en banc and, in the alternative, a request for certification of questions to the Wisconsin Supreme Court. The plaintiffs petition was denied on May 12, 2021. 
 On May 20, 2021, the Company and the other defendants filed motions for summary judgment to dismiss the claims of all plaintiffs then pending in the Eastern District of Wisconsin as a result of the Seventh Circuit s decision in favor of the Company in the Owens, Sifuentes and Burton cases. On March 3, 2022, the district court granted summary judgment in favor of the Company and the other defendants on all claims then pending in the district court. 
 On March 31, 2022, the plaintiffs filed a motion seeking to alter or amend the judgment. Briefing on the motion concluded, and the district court denied the plaintiffs motion to alter or amend the judgment on August 16, 2022. 
 On September 15, 2022, the plaintiffs filed notices of appeal with the Seventh Circuit, seeking to appeal the district court s summary judgment in favor of the Company and the other defendants. The plaintiffs filed their brief in support on December 9, 2022. The defendants brief in opposition is due on February 22, 2023. 
 On August 24, 2021, the plaintiff in Arrieona Beal v. Armstrong Containers, Inc., et al. filed an amended complaint in Milwaukee County Circuit Court, naming the Company and other alleged former lead pigment manufacturers as defendants pursuant to the risk contribution liability theory. The defendants answered the plaintiff s complaint on December 17, 2021. On March 2, 2022, the plaintiff filed a motion for declaratory judgment seeking to clarify Wisconsin law following the Seventh Circuit s decision in favor of the Company in the Owens, Sifuentes and Burton cases, to which the Company responded on April 15, 2022. Prior to filing its response to the declaratory judgment motion, the Company removed the case to the Eastern District of Wisconsin on March 25, 2022. The plaintiff filed a motion to remand the case to the state circuit court on April 7, 2022, which the Company opposed. On May 10, 2022, the plaintiff filed a motion for sanctions related to the Company s removal of the case to federal court, to which the Company responded on May 27, 2022. 
 Other lead-based paint and lead pigment litigation. In Mary Lewis v. Lead Industries Association, et al., which was pending in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, plaintiff parents sought to recover the cost of their children s blood lead testing against the Company and other defendants that made (or whose alleged corporate predecessors made) white lead pigments. The circuit court had certified a statewide class and a Chicago subclass of parents or legal guardians of children who lived in high-risk zip codes identified by the Illinois Department of Health and who were screened for lead toxicity between August 1995 and February 2008. Excluded from the class were those parents or guardians who have incurred no expense, liability or obligation to pay for the cost of their children s blood lead testing. In 2017, the defendants moved for summary judgment on the grounds that the named plaintiffs have not paid and have no obligation or liability to pay for their children s blood lead testing because Medicaid paid for the children of plaintiffs and private insurance paid for the third plaintiff without any evidence of a co-pay or deductible. The circuit court granted the motion, but on September 7, 2018, the appellate court reversed with respect to the plaintiffs for whom Medicaid paid for their children s testing. Defendants appealed to the Supreme Court of Illinois, and on May 21, 2020, the Supreme Court reversed the appellate court s judgment, affirmed the circuit court s summary judgment dismissing the claims of the plaintiffs for whom Medicaid paid for their children s testing, and remanded the case for further proceedings consistent with the Supreme Court s decision. On August 19, 2020, the defendants filed their renewed motion for class decertification and entry of final judgment with the circuit court. The parties filed their respective briefs on the motion, and oral argument occurred on February 4, 2021. 
 On March 8, 2021, the Illinois Department of Healthcare and Family Services filed a petition to intervene and a proposed amended complaint, which would eliminate the class and all prior claims by individual plaintiffs and would propose a subrogation claim by the State agency to recover its expenditures for blood lead testing. Defendants opposed the petition to intervene, and briefing on the petition concluded. A hearing on the petition to intervene occurred on August 10, 2021. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

74 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 13 
 shares of common stock and shares of serial preferred stock authorized for issuance. Of the authorized serial preferred stock, shares are designated as cumulative redeemable serial preferred stock. 
 Under the 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan (2006 Employee Plan), shares may be issued or transferred. An aggregate of , and shares of common stock at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were reserved for the exercise and future grants of option rights and future grants of restricted stock and restricted stock units. See Note 15 for additional information related to stock-based compensation. 
 Shares outstanding shown in the following table included , and shares of common stock held in a revocable trust at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The revocable trust is used to accumulate assets for the purpose of funding the ultimate obligation of certain non-qualified benefit plans. Transactions between the Company and the trust are accounted for in accordance with the Deferred Compensation Rabbi Trusts Subtopic of the Compensation Topic of the ASC, which requires the assets held by the trust be consolidated with the Company s accounts. 
 Shares issued for exercise of option rights Shares tendered as payment for option rights exercised ) Shares issued for vesting of restricted stock units Shares tendered in connection with vesting of restricted stock units ) Treasury stock purchased ) Treasury stock retired ) Treasury stock sold (1) 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Shares issued for exercise of option rights Shares tendered as payment for option rights exercised ) Shares issued for vesting of restricted stock units Shares tendered in connection with vesting of restricted stock units ) Treasury stock purchased ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Shares issued for exercise of option rights Shares tendered as payment for option rights exercised ) Shares issued for vesting of restricted stock units Shares tendered in connection with vesting of restricted stock units ) Treasury stock purchased ) Treasury stock sold (1) 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2022, the Company sold treasury shares to fund Company contributions to the domestic defined contribution plan. The related proceeds were million and million, respectively. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 14 
 employees contributed to the Company s defined contribution savings plan, voluntary to all eligible salaried employees. Participants are allowed to contribute, on a pretax or after-tax basis, up to the lesser of percent of their annual compensation or the maximum dollar amount allowed under the Internal Revenue Code. The Company matches percent of all contributions up to percent of eligible employee contributions. Such participant contributions may be invested in a variety of investment funds or a Company common stock fund and may be exchanged between investments as directed by the participant. Participants are permitted to diversify both future and prior Company matching contributions previously allocated to the Company common stock fund into a variety of investment funds. 
 The Company made contributions to the defined contribution savings plan on behalf of participating employees, representing amounts authorized by employees to be withheld from their earnings, of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company s matching contributions to the defined contribution savings plan charged to operations were million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, there were shares of the Company s common stock being held by the defined contribution savings plan, representing of the total number of voting shares outstanding. Shares of Company common stock credited to each member s account under the defined contribution savings plan are voted by the trustee under instructions from each individual plan member. Shares for which no instructions are received are voted by the trustee in the same proportion as those for which instructions are received. 
 
 NOTE 15 
 shares of common stock, plus any shares relating to awards that expire, are forfeited or canceled. The Company issues new shares upon exercise of option rights (options) and vesting of restricted stock units (RSUs). The 2006 Employee Plan permits the granting of options, appreciation rights, restricted stock, RSUs, performance shares and performance units to eligible employees. At December 31, 2022, appreciation rights, performance shares or performance units had been granted under the 2006 Employee Plan. Shares available for future grants under the 2006 Employee Plan were at December 31, 2022. 
 The 2006 Stock Plan for Nonemployee Directors (Nonemployee Director Plan) authorizes the Board of Directors, or a committee of the Board of Directors, to issue or transfer up to an aggregate of shares of common stock, plus any shares relating to awards that expire, are forfeited or canceled. The Nonemployee Director Plan permits the granting of options, appreciation rights, restricted stock and RSUs to members of the Board of Directors who are not employees of the Company. At December 31, 2022, options or appreciation rights had been granted under the Nonemployee Director Plan. Shares available for future grants under the Nonemployee Director Plan were at December 31, 2022. 
 million that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 2022 2021 2020 Stock-based compensation expense Income tax benefit recognized 
 Excess tax benefits from share-based payments are recognized as an income tax benefit in the Statements of Consolidated Income when options are exercised and RSUs vest. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company s excess tax benefit from options exercised and RSUs vested reduced the income tax provision by million, million and million respectively. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

Expected life of options years years years Expected dividend yield of stock Expected volatility of stock 
 The risk-free interest rate is based upon the U.S. Treasury yield curve at the time of grant. The expected life of options was calculated using a scenario analysis model. Historical data was used to aggregate the holding period from actual exercises, post-vesting cancellations and hypothetical assumed exercises on all outstanding options. The expected dividend yield of stock is the Company s best estimate of the expected future dividend yield. Expected volatility of stock was calculated using historical and implied volatilities. 
 Grants of non-qualified and incentive stock options have been awarded to certain officers and key employees under the 2006 Employee Plan. The options generally become exercisable to the extent of one-third of the optioned shares for each full year following the date of grant and generally expire after the date of grant. Unrecognized compensation expense with respect to options granted to eligible employees amounted to million at December 31, 2022. The unrecognized compensation expense is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, net of estimated forfeitures based on historical activity, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 The following table summarizes fair value and intrinsic value information for option activity: 
 2022 2021 2020 Weighted average grant date fair value per share Total fair value of options vested Total intrinsic value of options exercised 
 77 

Table of Contents 

of continuous employment from the date of grant before vesting and receiving the stock without restriction, have been awarded to certain officers and key employees under the 2006 Employee Plan. The February 2022, 2021 and 2020 grants of performance-based RSUs vest at the end of a period based on the Company s achievement of specified financial and operating performance goals relating to earnings per share and return on net assets employed. 
 Unrecognized compensation expense with respect to grants of RSUs to eligible employees amounted to million at December 31, 2022. The unrecognized compensation expense is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Grants of RSUs have been awarded to nonemployee directors under the Nonemployee Director Plan. These grants generally vest and stock is received without restriction to the extent of one-third of the RSUs for each year following the date of grant. Unrecognized compensation expense with respect to grants of RSUs to nonemployee directors amounted to million at December 31, 2022. The unrecognized compensation expense is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 The following table summarizes the fair value and intrinsic value information for RSU activity: 
 2022 2021 2020 Weighted average grant date fair value per share Intrinsic value of RSUs vested during year 
 78 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 16 ) ) Amounts recognized in AOCI ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Amounts recognized in AOCI ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Amounts recognized in AOCI ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 NOTE 17 
 U.S. Dollar to Euro cross currency swap contracts to hedge the Company s net investment in its European operations. During the term of the contracts, the Company will pay fixed-rate interest in Euros and receive fixed-rate interest in U.S. Dollars, thereby effectively converting a portion of the Company's U.S. Dollar denominated fixed-rate debt to Euro denominated fixed-rate debt. At December 31, 2021, the contracts had a notional value of million and million, respectively, and maturity dates of June 1, 2024 and June 1, 2027, respectively. In April 2022, the Company settled a portion of the million contract, which reduced the outstanding notional value to million. An immaterial loss was recognized in AOCI at the time of settlement. 
 In February 2020, the Company settled its million U.S. Dollar to Euro cross currency swap contract entered into on May 9, 2019 to hedge the Company s net investment in its European operations. At the time of the settlement, an unrealized gain of million, net of tax, was recognized in AOCI. 
 Other accruals Other long-term liabilities 
 The changes in fair value of the cross currency swap contracts are recognized in the foreign currency translation adjustments component of AOCI. 
 ) Tax effect ) ) Gain (loss), net of taxes ) 
 79 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 18 
 
 Qualified replacement plan assets Net investment hedge asset Liabilities: Net investment hedge liability 
 The deferred compensation plan assets consist of the investment funds maintained for the future payments under the Company s executive deferred compensation plans, which are structured as rabbi trusts. The investments are marketable securities accounted for under the Debt and Equity Securities Topic of the ASC. The level 1 investments are valued using quoted market prices multiplied by the number of shares. The level 2 investments are valued based on vendor quotes. The cost basis of the investment funds was million, million, and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The qualified replacement plan assets consist of investment funds maintained for future contributions to the Company s domestic defined contribution pension plan. See Note 9. The investments are marketable securities accounted for under the Debt and Equity Securities Topic of the ASC. The investments are valued using quoted market prices multiplied by the number of shares. The cost basis of the investment funds was million, million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The net investment hedge asset and liability represent the fair value of the cross currency swaps. See Note 17. The fair value is based on a valuation model that uses observable inputs, including interest rate curves and foreign currency rate. 
 The carrying amounts reported for Cash and cash equivalents and Short-term borrowings approximate fair value. 
 The fair value of the Company s publicly traded debt is based on quoted market prices. The fair value of the Company s non-publicly traded debt is estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, based on the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. The Company s publicly traded debt and non-traded debt are classified as level 1 and level 2, respectively, in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Non-traded debt 
 80 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 19 
 , not to exceed one year. Many customers who purchase on account take advantage of early payment discounts offered by paying within 30 days of being invoiced. The Company estimates variable consideration for these sales on the basis of both historical information and current trends to estimate the expected amount of discounts to which customers are likely to be entitled. 
 The remaining revenue is governed by long-term supply agreements and related purchase orders contracts that specify shipping terms and aspects of the transaction price including rebates, discounts and other sales incentives, such as advertising support. Contracts are at standalone pricing. The performance obligation in these contracts is determined by each of the individual purchase orders and the respective stated quantities, with revenue being recognized at a point in time when obligations under the terms of the agreement are satisfied. This generally occurs with the transfer of control of our products to the customer. Sales, value add, and other taxes we collect concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. 
 Refer to Note 23 for the Company s disaggregation of net sales by Reportable Segment. As the Reportable Segments are aligned by similar economic factors, trends and customers, this disaggregation best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. Approximately of the Company s net external sales are in the Company s North America region (which is comprised of the United States, Canada and the Caribbean region), slightly less than in the EMEAI region (Europe, Middle East, Africa and India), with the remaining global regions accounting for the residual balance. No individual country outside of the United States is individually significant. 
 The Company has made payments or given credits for various incentives at the beginning of a long-term contract where future revenue is expected and before satisfaction of performance obligations. Under these circumstances, the Company recognizes a contract asset and amortizes these prepayments over the expected benefit life of the long-term contract typically on a straight-line basis. 
 The majority of variable consideration in the Company s contracts include a form of volume rebate, discounts, and other incentives, where the customer receives a retrospective percentage rebate based on the amount of their purchases. In these situations, the rebates are accrued as a fixed percentage of sales and recorded as a reduction of net sales until paid to the customer per the terms of the contract. Forms of variable consideration such as tiered rebates, whereby a customer receives a retrospective price decrease dependent on the volume of their purchases, are calculated using a forecasted percentage to determine the most likely amount to accrue. Management creates a baseline calculation using historical sales and then utilizing forecast information, estimates the anticipated sales volume each quarter to calculate the expected reduction to sales. The remainder of the transaction price is fixed as agreed upon with the customer, limiting estimation of revenues including constraints. 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 The difference between the opening and closing balances of the Company s contract assets and contract liabilities primarily results from the timing difference between the contractual performance obligation and the associated payment. 
 Provisions for estimated returns are established and the expected costs continue to be recognized as contra-revenue per ASC 606 when the products are sold. The Company only offers an assurance type warranty on products sold, and there is no material service to the customer beyond fixing defects that existed at the time of sale and no warranties are sold separately. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

Adjustment upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 (1) 
 Bad debt expense Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries ) ) ) Ending balance 
 (1) The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 effective January 1, 2020, using the modified retrospective transition method, electing to not restate prior periods. Refer to Note 1 for additional detail. 
 
 NOTE 20) ) Loss on divestiture (see Note 3) Gain on sale or disposition of assets ) ) ) Total ) 
 Provisions for environmental matters net represent initial provisions for site-specific estimated costs of environmental investigation or remediation and increases or decreases to environmental-related accruals. These provisions are recorded or adjusted as information becomes available upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated and as additional accounting guidelines are issued. See Note 11 for further details on the Company s environmental-related activities. 
 The gain on sale or disposition of assets represents the net realized gain associated with the sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets previously used in the conduct of the primary business of the Company. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

) ) (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt (see Note 8) ) Net expense from banking activities Foreign currency transaction related losses Miscellaneous pension expense Other income ) ) ) Other expense Total ) 
 Investment losses (gains) primarily relate to the change in market value of the investments held in the deferred compensation plan and qualified replacement plan. See Note 18 for additional information on the fair value of these investments. Foreign currency transaction related losses include the impact from foreign currency transactions and net realized (gains) losses from foreign currency option and forward contracts. There were material foreign currency option and forward contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Miscellaneous pension expense consists of the non-service components of Net periodic benefit cost. See Note 9. 
 Other income and Other expense included items of revenue, gains, expenses and losses that were unrelated to the primary business purpose of the Company. There were no items within Other income or Other expense that were individually significant at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 21 
 Foreign State and local Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) Total deferred ) ) ) Total provisions for income taxes 
 Effect of: State and local income taxes Investment vehicles ) ) ) Employee share-based payments ) ) ) Research and development credits ) ) ) Amended returns and refunds Other - net ) ) Reported effective tax rate 
 The increase in the effective tax rate for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in tax benefits related to employee share-based payments and the net unfavorable impact of various other tax benefits received by the Company in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Foreign 
 84 

Table of Contents 

Employee related and benefit items Operating lease liabilities Research and development capitalization Other items Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets and Property, plant, and equipment LIFO inventories Operating lease right-of-use assets Other items Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s net deferred income tax liability relates primarily to deferred tax liabilities recorded for intangible assets acquired through the Valspar acquisition. 
 Netted against the Company s other deferred tax assets were valuation allowances of million, million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company has million of domestic net operating loss carryforwards acquired through acquisitions that have expiration dates through tax year 2037, foreign tax credits of million that expire in calendar years 2028 through 2032 and foreign net operating losses of million. The foreign net operating losses are related to various jurisdictions that provide for both indefinite carryforward periods and others with carryforward periods that expire between tax years 2022 to 2042. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The IRS audited the Company s 2013 through 2016 income tax returns. As a result of these audits, certain adjustments have been agreed upon with the IRS. The Company continues to evaluate its position and believes that it is adequately reserved for any potential exposure. The IRS is currently auditing the Company s 2017, 2018 and 2019 income tax returns. As of December 31, 2022, the U.S. federal statute of limitations has not expired for the 2013 through 2021 tax years. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company is subject to non-U.S. income tax examinations for the tax years of 2014 through 2021. In addition, the Company is subject to state and local income tax examinations for the tax years 1998 through 2022. 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Lapses of statutes of limitations ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 85 

Table of Contents 

million, million and million, respectively. 
 Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 is million related to tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts could significantly change during the next twelve months. This amount represents expected settlements related to federal renewable energy tax credit funds with DC Solar Solutions, Inc. and certain of its affiliates and also includes items currently under review with IRS Appeals in each of the years 2013 through 2016. 
 The Company classifies all income tax related interest and penalties as income tax expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was an increase in income tax interest and penalties of million. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, there was a (decrease) increase in income tax interest and penalties of ) million and million, respectively. The Company accrued million, million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for the potential payment of interest and penalties. 
 
 NOTE 22 
 Average shares outstanding Basic net income per share Diluted Net income Average shares outstanding assuming dilution: Average shares outstanding Stock options and other contingently issuable shares (1) 
 Average shares outstanding assuming dilution Diluted net income per share 
 (1) Stock options and other contingently issuable shares excludes million, million and million shares at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, due to their anti-dilutive effect. 
 
 NOTE 23 
 reportable operating segments: The Americas Group, Consumer Brands Group and Performance Coatings Group (individually, a Reportable Segment and collectively, the Reportable Segments). Factors considered in determining the Reportable Segments of the Company include the nature of business activities, the management structure directly accountable to the Company s chief operating decision maker (CODM) for operating and administrative activities, availability of discrete financial information and information presented to the Board of Directors. The Company reports all other business activities and immaterial operating segments that are not reportable in the Administrative segment. 
 The Company s CODM has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer because he has final authority over performance assessment and resource allocation decisions. Because of the diverse operations of the Company, the CODM regularly receives discrete financial information about each Reportable Segment as well as a significant amount of additional financial information about certain divisions, business units or subsidiaries of the Company. The CODM uses all such financial information for performance assessment and resource allocation decisions. The CODM evaluates the performance of and allocates resources to the Reportable Segments based on segment profit or loss and cash generated from operations. The accounting policies of the Reportable Segments are the same as those described in Note 1 of this report. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

company-operated specialty paint stores in the United States, Canada, Latin America and the Caribbean region at December 31, 2022. Each store in this segment is engaged in servicing the needs of architectural and industrial paint contractors and do-it-yourself homeowners. These stores market and sell Sherwin-Williams and other controlled brand architectural paint and coatings, protective and marine products, OEM product finishes and related products. The majority of these products are produced by manufacturing facilities in the Consumer Brands Group. In addition, each store sells select purchased associated products. The Americas Group sells a variety of architectural paints, coatings and related products through dedicated dealers, home centers, distributors, hardware stores and other retailers throughout Latin America. The Americas Group meets regional customer demands through developing, licensing, manufacturing, distributing and selling a variety of architectural paints, coatings and related products in North and South America. The loss of any single customer would not have a material adverse effect on the business of this segment. During 2022, this segment opened net new stores, consisting of new stores opened in the United States, in Mexico, in Canada and in South America) and stores closed in the United States, in South America and in Mexico). In 2021 and 2020, this segment opened and net new stores, respectively. The CODM uses discrete financial information about The Americas Group, supplemented with information by geographic region, product type and customer type, to assess performance of and allocate resources to The Americas Group as a whole. In accordance with ASC 280-10-50-9, The Americas Group as a whole is considered the operating segment, and because it meets the criteria in ASC 280-10-50-10, it is also considered a Reportable Segment. 
 The Consumer Brands Group manufactures and supplies a broad portfolio of branded and private-label architectural paint, stains, varnishes, industrial products, wood finishes products, wood preservatives, applicators, corrosion inhibitors, aerosols, caulks and adhesives to retailers and distributors throughout North America, as well as in China and Europe. The Consumer Brands Group also supports the Company s other businesses around the world with new product research and development, manufacturing, distribution and logistics. Approximately of the total sales of the Consumer Brands Group in 2022 were intersegment transfers of products primarily sold through The Americas Group. Sales and marketing of certain controlled brand and private-label products is performed by a direct sales staff. The products distributed through third-party customers are intended for resale to the ultimate end-user of the product. The Consumer Brands Group had sales to certain customers that, individually, may be a significant portion of the sales and related profitability of the segment. This segment incurred most of the Company s capital expenditures related to operational efficiencies, capacity and health and safety initiatives at sites currently in operation. The CODM uses discrete financial information about the Consumer Brands Group, supplemented with information by product type and customer type, to assess performance of and allocate resources to the Consumer Brands Group as a whole. In accordance with ASC 280-10-50-9, the Consumer Brands Group as a whole is considered the operating segment, and because it meets the criteria in ASC 280-10-50-10, it is also considered a Reportable Segment. 
 The Performance Coatings Group develops and sells industrial coatings for wood finishing and general industrial (metal and plastic) applications, automotive refinish, protective and marine coatings, coil coatings, packaging coatings and performance-based resins and colorants worldwide. This segment licenses certain technology and trade names worldwide. Sherwin-Williams and other controlled brand products are distributed through The Americas Group and this segment s company-operated branches and by a direct sales staff and outside sales representatives to retailers, dealers, jobbers, licensees and other third-party distributors. The Performance Coatings Group had sales to certain customers that, individually, may be a significant portion of the sales of the segment. However, the loss of any single customer would not have a material adverse effect on the overall profitability of the segment. During 2022, this segment added net new branches, consisting of opened or acquired branches and branches closed. The CODM uses discrete financial information about the Performance Coatings Group, supplemented with information about geographic divisions, business units and subsidiaries, to assess performance of and allocate resources to the Performance Coatings Group as a whole. In accordance with ASC 280-10-50-9, the Performance Coatings Group as a whole is considered the operating segment, and because it meets the criteria in ASC 280-10-50-10, it is also considered a Reportable Segment. 
 The Administrative segment includes the administrative expenses of the Company s corporate headquarters site and the operations of a real estate management unit that is responsible for the ownership, management and leasing of non-retail properties held primarily for use by the Company, including the Company s headquarters site, and disposal of idle facilities. Also included in the Administrative segment was interest expense, interest and investment income, certain expenses related to closed facilities and environmental-related matters, and other expenses that were not directly associated with the Reportable Segments. In addition, the Administrative segment included a million pre-tax loss on the Wattyl divestiture recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. See Notes 3 and 20 for additional information on the Wattyl divestiture. Sales of this segment represented external leasing revenue of excess headquarters space or leasing of facilities no longer used by the Company in its primary businesses. The Administrative segment did not include any significant foreign operations. Gains and losses from the sale of property were not a significant operating factor in determining the performance of the Administrative segment. 
 Net external sales of all consolidated foreign subsidiaries were billion, billion and billion for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

billion, billion and, billion at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Long-lived assets of consolidated foreign subsidiaries totaled billion, billion and billion at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Total Assets of the Company were billion, billion and billion at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total assets of consolidated foreign subsidiaries were billion, billion and billion, which represented , and of the Company s total assets at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 No single geographic area outside the United States was significant relative to consolidated net external sales or consolidated long-lived assets. Export sales and sales to any individual customer were each less than 10 percent of consolidated sales to unaffiliated customers during all years presented. 
 Intersegment transfers ) Total net sales and intersegment transfers ) Segment profit Interest expense ) ) Administrative expenses and other ) ) Income before income taxes ) to net external sales Identifiable assets Capital expenditures Depreciation Amortization 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

Intersegment transfers ) Total net sales and intersegment transfers ) Segment profit Interest expense ) ) Administrative expenses and other ) ) Income before income taxes ) to net external sales Identifiable assets Capital expenditures Depreciation Amortization 
 2020 The Americas Group Consumer Brands Group Performance Coatings Group Administrative Consolidated Totals Net external sales Intersegment transfers ) Total net sales and intersegment transfers ) Segment profit Interest expense ) ) Administrative expenses and other ) ) Income before income taxes ) to net external sales Identifiable assets Capital expenditures Depreciation Amortization 
 
 NOTE 24 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our Senior Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 and Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). Based upon that evaluation, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our Senior Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our Senior Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and the Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting are set forth in Item 8. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Directors 
 The information regarding our directors and director nominees is set forth in our Proxy Statement under the caption Proposal 1 Election of 9 Directors and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 There were no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors during 2022. Please refer to the information set forth in our Proxy Statement under the caption Board Committees, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Executive Officers 
 The information regarding our executive officers is set forth under the caption Information About Our Executive Officers in Part I of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 To the extent disclosure of any delinquent form under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is made by the Company, such disclosure will be set forth in our Proxy Statement under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Audit Committee 
 The information regarding the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors and audit committee financial experts is set forth in our Proxy Statement under the caption Board Committees and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct, which applies to all directors and employees, including our executive officers, of Sherwin-Williams and our subsidiaries wherever located. Our Code of Conduct contains the general guidelines and principles for conducting Sherwin-Williams business consistent with the highest standards of business ethics. 
 Under our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Management, our chief executive officer, chief financial officer and senior financial management are responsible for creating and maintaining a culture of high ethical standards and of commitment to compliance throughout our Company to ensure the fair and timely reporting of Sherwin-Williams financial results and condition. Senior financial management includes the controller, the treasurer, the principal financial/accounting personnel in our operating groups and divisions, and all other financial/accounting personnel within our corporate departments and operating groups and divisions with staff supervision responsibilities. 
 Please refer to the information set forth in our Proxy Statement under the caption Code of Conduct, which is incorporated herein by reference. Our Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Management are available on our Investor Relations website, investors.sherwin.com. 
 We intend to disclose on our Investor Relations website, investors.sherwin.com, any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Conduct or Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Management that applies to our directors and executive officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or any persons performing similar functions, and that is required to be publicly disclosed pursuant to the rules of the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is set forth in our Proxy Statement under the captions 2022 Director Compensation Table, Director Compensation Program, Executive Compensation and Executive Compensation Tables and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is set forth in our Proxy Statement under the captions Security Ownership of Management, Directors and Director Nominees and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information regarding securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans is set forth in our Proxy Statement under the caption Equity Compensation Plan Information and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is set forth in our Proxy Statement under the captions Certain Relationships and Transactions with Related Persons and Director Independence and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is set forth in our Proxy Statement under the caption Matters Relating to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 Page Number in Form 10-K Statements of Consolidated Income 46 
 Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income 47 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 48 
 Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows 49 
 Statements of Consolidated Shareholders Equity 50 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 51 

(2) 
 Additions (deductions) (1) 
 ) Ending balance 

93 

Table of Contents 

(3) Exhibits 
 2. Agreement and Plan of Merger, among the Company, Viking Merger Sub, Inc., and The Valspar Corporation, dated as of March 19, 2016, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 19, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3. (a) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended through February 18, 2015, filed as Exhibit 3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 18, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (b) Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended through February 18, 2015, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 3, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (c) Regulations of the Company, as amended and restated October 17, 2018, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 17, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4. (a) Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filed as Exhibit 4( a) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference . 
 (b) Indenture between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to Chemical Bank), as trustee, dated as of February 1, 1996, filed as Exhibit 4(a) to Form S-3 Registration Statement Number 333-01093 dated February 20, 1996, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (c) Second Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (including Form of Note), dated as of December 7, 2012, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 4, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (d) Third Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (including Form of Note), dated as of December 7, 2012, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 4, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (e) Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated July 31, 2015, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 28, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (f) First Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated July 31, 2015, (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 28, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (g) Second Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated July 31, 2015, (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 28, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (h) Third Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated May 16, 2017 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 16, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (i) Fourth Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated May 16, 2017 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 16, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference . 
 (j) Fifth Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated May 16, 2017 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 16, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (k) Sixth Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated May 16, 2017 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 16, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (l) Seventh Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated May 16, 2017 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 16, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (m) Eighth Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated June 2, 2017 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 2, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

(n) Ninth Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated June 2, 2017 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 2, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (o) Tenth Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated June 2, 2017 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 2, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (p) Eleventh Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated June 2, 2017 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 2, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (q) Twelfth Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated June 2, 2017 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 2, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (r) Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated August 26, 2019 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 26, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (s) Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated August 26, 2019 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 26, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (t) Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated March 17, 2020 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 17, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (u) Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated March 17, 2020 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 17, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (v) Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, dated November 10, 2021 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 10, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (w) Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, dated November 10, 2021 (including Form of Note), filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 10, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (x) Indenture by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, dated August 10, 2022, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 10, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (y) First Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee , dated August 10, 2022 (including Form of Note) , filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 10, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (z) Second Supplemental Indenture by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee , dated August 10, 2022 (including Form of Note) , filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 10, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (aa) Credit Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2022 , by and among the Company, Sherwin-Williams Canada Inc. and Sherwin-Williams Luxembourg S. r.l., as borrowers, the lenders party thereto, the issuing lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 31, 2022 , and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (bb) Credit Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2016, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 9, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (cc) Agreement for Letter of Credit, dated as of May 9, 2016, by and between the Company and Citibank, N.A. filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 9, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (dd) Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2016, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

(ee) Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2016, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 20, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (ff) Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2016, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 1, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (gg) Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2017, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 31, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (hh) Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2017, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 13, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (ii) Amendment No. 6 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2017, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 27, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (jj) Amendment No. 7 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2017, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 8, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (kk) Amendment No. 8 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2017, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 11, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (ll) Amendment No. 9 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2018, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 27, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (mm) Amendment No. 10 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2018, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 26, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (nn) Amendment No. 11 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2020, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 14, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (oo) Amendment No. 12 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2020, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (pp) Amendment No. 13 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2020, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 7, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (qq) Amendment No. 14 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2021, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 16, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (rr) Amendment No. 15 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2021, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 3, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

(ss) Amendment No. 16 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2022, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 23, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (tt) Amendment No. 17 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2022, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 31, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (uu) Amendment No. 18 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 28, 2022, by and among the Company, Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent and issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 28, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (vv) Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement for Letter of Credit, dated as of July 26, 2018, by and between the Company and Citibank, N.A., filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (ww) Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2021, by and among the Company, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company, as issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 2, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (xx) Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2021, by and among the Company, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company, as issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 6, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (yy) Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2021, by and among the Company, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company, as issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 18, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (zz) Amendment No. 3 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2021, by and among the Company, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company, as issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 30, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (aaa) Amendment No. 4 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2022, by and among the Company, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company, as issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 15, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (bbb) Amendment No. 5 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2022, by and among the Company, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company, as issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 26, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (ccc) Amendment No. 6 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2022, by and among the Company, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company, as issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 8, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (ddd) Amendment No. 7 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and among the Company, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company, as issuing bank, and the lenders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 14, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10. (a) Forms of Amended and Restated Severance Agreements filed as Exhibit 10(e) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (b) Schedule of Executive Officers who are Parties to the Amended and Restated Severance Agreements in the forms referred to in Exhibit 10(a) above (filed herewith). 
 (c) Amended and Restated Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement between the Company and John G. Morikis, dated October 1, 2019, filed as Exhibit 10(c) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

(d) The Sherwin-Williams Company 2005 Deferred Compensation Savings and Pension Equalization Plan (Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2016) filed as Exhibit 10(e) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (e) The Sherwin-Williams Company 2005 Key Management Deferred Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2016) filed as Exhibit 10(f) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (f) Adoption Agreement for The Valspar Corporation Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan filed as Exhibit 10.1 to The Valspar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (g) The Valspar Corporation Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan filed as Exhibit 10.2 to The Valspar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (h) Amendment to Valspar Corporation Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan and Adoption Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1 to The Valspar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 27, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (i) The Sherwin-Williams Company 2005 Director Deferred Fee Plan (Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2019) filed as Exhibit 10(l) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (j) The Sherwin-Williams Company Executive Disability Income Plan filed as Exhibit 10(g) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991 (SEC File Number 001-04851), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (k) Amendment Number One to The Sherwin-Williams Company Executive Disability Income Plan filed as Exhibit 10(l) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (l) Summary of The Sherwin-Williams Company Revised Executive Disability Plan filed as Exhibit 10(o) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (m) The Sherwin-Williams Company 2008 Amended and Restated Executive Life Insurance Plan filed as Exhibit 10(m) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (n) The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of April 19, 2017) filed as Exhibit 10(k) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (o) Forms of Stock Option Award under The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan filed as Exhibit 10(b) to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (p) Forms of Stock Option Award under The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan filed as Exhibit 10(z) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (q) Forms of Stock Option Award under The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan filed as Exhibit 10(x) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (r) Forms of Stock Option Award under The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (s) Forms of Stock Option Award under The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan filed as Exhibit 10(p) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (t) Forms of Stock Option Award under The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan filed as Exhibit 10(x) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (u) Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan filed as Exhibit 10(s) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

(v) Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan filed as Exhibit 10(aa) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (w) Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan filed as Exhibit 10(w) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference . 
 (x) Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan (filed herewith). 
 (y) The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Stock Plan for Nonemployee Directors (Amended and Restated as of April 20, 2016) filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (z) Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Stock Plan for Nonemployee Directors filed as Exhibit 10(gg) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (aa) The Sherwin-Williams Company 2007 Executive Annual Performance Bonus Plan (Amended and Restated as of April 19, 2017) filed as Exhibit 10(w) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 (bb) The Sherwin-Williams Company Key Employee Separation Plan as Amended and Restated Effective March 1, 2022 filed as Exhibit 10(aa) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 21. Subsidiaries (filed herewith). 
 23. Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed herewith). 
 24. (a) Powers of Attorney (filed herewith). 
 (b) Certified Resolution Authorizing Signature by Power of Attorney (filed herewith). 
 31. (a) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 
 (b) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 
 32. (a) Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (furnished herewith). 
 (b) Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (furnished herewith). 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 
 Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted and the Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC a copy of any omitted exhibits and schedules upon request. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 22, 2023. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 22, 2023. 

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY By: /S/ MARY L. GARCEAU Mary L. Garceau, Secretary 

JOHN G. MORIKIS Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) John G. Morikis ALLEN J. MISTYSYN Senior Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Allen J. Mistysyn JANE M. CRONIN Senior Vice President Enterprise Finance (Principal Accounting Officer) Jane M. Cronin KERRII B. ANDERSON Director Kerrii B. Anderson ARTHUR F. ANTON Director Arthur F. Anton JEFF M. FETTIG Director Jeff M. Fettig RICHARD J. KRAMER Director Richard J. Kramer CHRISTINE A. POON Director Christine A. Poon AARON M. POWELL Director Aaron M. Powell MARTA R. STEWART Director Marta R. Stewart MICHAEL H. THAMAN Director Michael H. Thaman MATTHEW THORNTON III Director Matthew Thornton III STEVEN H. WUNNING Director Steven H. Wunning 
 The undersigned, by signing her name hereto, does sign this report on behalf of the designated officers and directors of the Company pursuant to powers of attorney executed on behalf of each such officer and director and filed as an exhibit to this report. 
 By: /S/ MARY L. GARCEAU February 22, 2023 Mary L. Garceau, Attorney-in-fact 
 100 

<EX-10.B>
 2
 shw-12312022xex10b.htm
 EX-10.B

Document 

EXHIBIT 10(b) 

Schedule of Executive Officers who are Parties 
 to the Amended and Restated Severance Agreements in the Forms Filed as 
 Exhibit 10(e) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2010 

Form A of Severance Agreement 
 
 John G. Morikis 

Form B of Severance Agreement 
 
 None 

Form C of Severance Agreement 
 
 Justin T. Binns 
 Jane M. Cronin 
 Mary L. Garceau 
 James R. Jaye 
 Karl J. Jorgenrud 
 Allen J. Mistysyn 
 Heidi G. Petz 
 Todd D. Rea 
 Joseph F. Sladek 
 Gregory P. Sofish 
 Bryan J. Young 

</EX-10.B>

<EX-10.X>
 3
 shw-12312022xex10x.htm
 EX-10.X

Document 

EXHIBIT 10(x) 
 
 THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY 
 2006 EQUITY AND PERFORMANCE INCENTIVE PLAN 
 (AMENDED AND RESTATED AS OF APRIL 19, 2017) 
 
 Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement 
 
 Grantee Date of Grant 
 Date of Vesting 
 
 Number of Time-Based RSUs RSUs 
 
 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units. The Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee of The Sherwin-Williams Company (the Company or its delegate has granted to you Grantee the Restricted Stock Units award set forth above in accordance with the terms of this Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (this Agreement and the terms of The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of April 19, 2017) (the Plan ), the related Prospectus and any Prospectus Supplement, and such other rules and procedures as may be adopted by the Company. Capitalized terms used herein without definition or other identification shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan. 
 
 2. Vesting of RSUs. Subject to Section 3 hereof, provided Grantee is continuously employed with the Company or a Subsidiary from the Date of Grant through the Date of Vesting, inclusive (the Restriction Period ), in Grantee s present position or in such other position that, as the Committee may determine, entitles Grantee to retain the rights under this grant (each such position being hereinafter referred to as a Participating Position ), 100 of the RSUs shall become nonforfeitable Vested, Vested RSUs or similar terms) on the Date of Vesting and shall be settled in accordance with the terms of Section 4 hereof. 
 
 3. Termination of Rights to RSUs Acceleration of Vesting. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary 
 
 (A) On the date Grantee ceases to be continuously employed in any Participating Position(s) at any time during the Restriction Period, the RSUs shall be forfeited and Grantee shall forfeit and lose all rights to the RSUs that are not Vested as of such date, except as otherwise provided below or as otherwise provided in an agreement between the Grantee and the Company or a plan in which the Grantee is a participant 
 
 (i) In the event such cessation of employment is due to the death of Grantee during the Restriction Period, 100 of the RSUs shall immediately be Vested upon Grantee s death. 
 
 (ii) In the event such cessation of employment is due to Grantee becoming Disabled during the Restriction Period, 100 of the RSUs shall immediately be Vested upon Grantee becoming Disabled. Disabled shall mean that Grantee (x) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable 

physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (y) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company. 
 
 (iii) In the event such cessation of employment is due to the Grantee s Retirement during the Restriction Period, and if such Retirement occurs after the second anniversary of the Date of Grant but before the Date of Vesting, all rights of the Grantee with respect to the RSUs shall continue as if the Grantee had continued employment in a Participating Position throughout the Restriction Period provided, however, that the Grantee must provide the Company with written notice of the Grantee s Retirement at least 180 days prior to the anticipated date of Retirement in order to be eligible for continued vesting under this Section 3(A)(iii) (the Notice Deadline ). If such written notice is not received by the Company on or before the Notice Deadline, any award granted under the Plan during the 180-day period prior to the date of the Grantee s cessation of employment with the Company or a Subsidiary shall be immediately cancelled and forfeited, unless the reason for such failure is due to the Grantee becoming Disabled. Retirement shall be defined as Grantee s voluntary cessation of employment with the Company or any subsidiary after (x) the attainment of age 65 (y) the attainment of age 55-59 with at least twenty (20) years of service with the Company or a Subsidiary or (z) the attainment of age 60 or older and the Grantee s combination of age and service with the Company or any subsidiary equals at least 75. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Grantee participates in the Company s Key Employee Separation Plan (the KESP ), experiences a covered termination (as defined in the KESP), and meets the age and or service requirements for a qualifying Retirement under this Section 3(A)(iii), the Grantee shall continue to vest as provided herein and Section 4.2 of the KESP without regard to the Notice Deadline requirement. 
 
 (iv) Notwithstanding Section 2 above, in the event of a Change of Control, the RSUs shall Vest on fulfillment of the conditions specified in Section 12 of the Plan. 
 
 (B) In the event Grantee is transferred from a Participating Position, Grantee s rights hereunder shall continue. In such event, the other requirements for Vesting will continue to apply, including that Grantee remain continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary through the Date of Vesting, subject to earlier Vesting pursuant to Section 3(A). Any such Award will be settled in accordance with Section 4. 
 
 (C) In the event that Grantee knowingly or willfully engages in misconduct which is materially harmful to the interests of the Company or a Subsidiary, as may be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, or violates Section 14 or Section 15 of this Agreement, all rights of Grantee to the RSUs shall terminate. 

4. Settlement of RSUs. 
 
 (A) General . Upon satisfaction of the Vesting requirements set forth in Sections 2 and or 3 hereof, and as soon as administratively practicable following (but no later than thirty (30) days following) the Date of Vesting, the Company shall issue Grantee one share of Common Stock free and clear of any restrictions for each Vested RSU. 
 
 (B) Other Payment Events for Vested RSUs . Notwithstanding Section 4(A), to the extent that prior to the Date of Vesting there are any Vested RSUs pursuant to Section 3 hereof, such Vested RSUs shall be settled prior to the date set forth under Section 4(A) as follows 
 
 (i) Death . In the event of the death of the Grantee during the Restriction Period, the Company shall issue to Grantee s proper beneficiaries one share of Common Stock free and clear of any restrictions for each Vested RSU within thirty (30) days of the date of Grantee s death. 
 
 (ii) Disability . In the event that Grantee becomes Disabled during the Restriction Period, the Company shall issue Grantee one share of Common Stock free and clear of any restrictions for each Vested RSU within thirty (30) days of the date on which Grantee becomes Disabled. 
 
 (iii) Change of Control . In the event of a Change of Control during the Restriction Period, Vested RSUs shall be settled in accordance with Section 12 of the Plan. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if Section 409A of the Code applies to the payment and Grantee experiences a termination of employment after the Change of Control resulting in Vested RSUs under Section 12 of the Plan, Grantee is entitled to receive settlement of any Vested RSUs under Section 12 of the Plan on the date that would have otherwise applied pursuant to Sections 4(A), 4(B)(i) or 4(B)(ii) as though such Change of Control had not occurred. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary and to the extent required to comply with Section 409A, if any RSU is Assumed, any outstanding RSUs which at the time of the Change of Control are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) will be deemed to be not Assumed and will be payable in accordance with Section 12(b) of the Plan. 
 
 5. Dividend Equivalents Other Rights. From and after the Date of Grant and until the earlier of (A) the time when the RSUs Vest and are settled in accordance with Section 4 hereof or (B) the time when Grantee s rights to the RSUs are forfeited in accordance with Section 3 hereof, on the date that the Company pays a cash dividend (if any) to holders of Common Stock generally, Grantee shall be entitled to a deferred cash payment equal to the value of the product of (x) the dollar amount of the cash dividend paid per share of Common Stock on such date and (y) the full number of RSUs however, such dividend equivalents (if any) shall be paid in cash only, and shall not be paid unless and until the Restriction Period has lapsed, and shall be subject to such other applicable terms and conditions (including payment or forfeitability) as the RSUs on which the dividend equivalents were credited. In this regard, the right to any such dividend equivalent payment shall Vest at the same time as the RSUs to which they relate and shall be distributed to Grantee concurrently with the RSUs, without regard to the number of shares of 

Common Stock withheld to pay any applicable withholding tax obligations. The obligations of the Company hereunder will be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver shares of Common Stock or cash, as the case may be, in the future, and the rights of Grantee will be no greater than that of an unsecured general creditor. No assets of the Company will be held or set aside as security for the obligations of the Company hereunder. 
 
 6. No Shareholder Voting Rights. Grantee will not be a shareholder of record and shall have no voting rights with respect to shares of Common Stock underlying an RSU prior to the Company s issuance of such shares following the Date of Vesting or the otherwise applicable settlement date. 
 
 7. Transferability. During the Restriction Period, Grantee shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, encumber, assign or dispose of the RSUs. 
 
 8. Withholding Taxes. If the Company shall be required to withhold (including required to account to any tax authority for) any federal, state, local or foreign taxes or other amounts in connection with the RSUs or the underlying shares of Common Stock, the Company shall automatically and mandatorily withhold a number of shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder equal to the Grantee s minimum statutory withholding tax obligation. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the Plan, the Company shall not be obligated to guarantee any particular tax result for Grantee with respect to any payment provided to Grantee hereunder, and Grantee shall be responsible for any taxes imposed on Grantee with respect to any such payment. 
 
 9. No Right to Future Awards or Employment. The grant is a voluntary, discretionary bonus being made on a one-time basis and it does not constitute a commitment to make any future awards. The grant and any related payments made to Grantee will not be considered salary or other compensation for purposes of any severance pay or similar allowance, except as otherwise required by law. Nothing contained herein will confer upon Grantee any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with the Company or any Subsidiary, nor will it interfere in any way with any right the Company or any Subsidiary would otherwise have to terminate Grantee s employment or other service at any time. 
 
 10. Nature of Grant. Grantee acknowledges that (A) the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty and (B) in consideration of the grant of the RSUs, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the RSUs or diminution in value of the shares received upon settlement including (without limitation) any claim or entitlement resulting from termination of Grantee s active employment by the Company or a Subsidiary (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and Grantee hereby releases the Company and its Subsidiaries from any such claim that may arise if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by accepting the RSUs and this Agreement, Grantee shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived his or her entitlement to pursue such claim. 
 
 11. Severability. If any provision of this grant or the application of any provision hereof to any person or circumstances is held invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal, the remainder of this grant and the application of such provision to any other person or circumstances shall not be 

affected, and the provisions so held to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal shall be reformed to the extent (and only to the extent) necessary to make it enforceable, valid and legal. 
 
 12. Governing Law. This grant shall be governed by and construed with the internal substantive laws of the State of Ohio, without giving effect to any principle of law that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. 
 
 13. Recapture Recoupment Rights and Policies. Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the terms and conditions set forth in The Sherwin-Williams Company Executive Compensation Adjustment and Recapture Policy Policy are incorporated in this Agreement by reference. To the extent the Policy is applicable to Grantee, it creates additional rights for the Company with respect to Grantee s RSUs. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any RSU granted under this Agreement will be subject to mandatory repayment by the Grantee to the Company to the extent the Grantee is, or in the future becomes, subject to (A) any Company clawback or recoupment policy that is adopted to comply with the requirements of any applicable laws, rules or regulations, or otherwise, or (B) any applicable laws which impose mandatory recoupment, under circumstances set forth in such applicable laws, including as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or other applicable law, regulation or stock exchange listing requirement, as may be in effect from time to time, and which may operate to create additional rights for the Company with respect to awards and recovery of amounts relating thereto. By accepting this grant of RSUs, Grantee agrees and acknowledges that Grantee is obligated to cooperate with, and provide any and all assistance necessary to, the Company to recover or recoup the grant of RSUs or amount paid under this grant subject to clawback pursuant to such law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or Company policy. Such cooperation and assistance shall include, but is not limited to, executing, completing and submitting any documentation necessary to recover or recoup this grant or amounts paid hereunder from a Grantees accounts, or pending or future compensation awards that may be made to Grantee. 
 
 14. Ownership and Protection of Intellectual Property and Confidential Information. 
 
 (A) All information, ideas, concepts, improvements, innovations, developments, methods, processes, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, discoveries, and inventions, whether patentable or not or reduced to practice, which are conceived, made, developed or acquired by Grantee, individually or in conjunction with others, during Grantee s employment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, both before and after the Date of Grant (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on the Company s premises or otherwise) which relate to the business, products or services of the Company or its Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, all such information relating to corporate opportunities, research, financial and sales data, pricing and trading terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within the customer s organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names, marks, and any copyrightable work, trade mark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights (whether or not composing confidential information), and all writings or materials of any type embodying any of such items (collectively, Work Product ), shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, and shall be treated as work for hire. It is recognized that the Grantee is an experienced executive in the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries and 

through several decades of prior work in the industry acquired and retains knowledge, contacts, and information which are not bound by this Section 14. 
 
 (B) Grantee shall promptly and fully disclose all Work Product to the Company and shall cooperate and perform all actions reasonably requested by the Company (whether during or after the term of employment) to establish, confirm and protect the Company s and or its Subsidiaries right, title and interest in such Work Product. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Grantee agrees to assist the Company, at the Company s expense, to secure the Company s and its Subsidiaries rights in the Work Product in any and all countries, including the execution by the Grantee of all applications and all other instruments and documents which the Company and or its Subsidiaries shall deem necessary in order to apply for and obtain rights in such Work Product and in order to assign and convey to the Company and or its Subsidiaries the sole and exclusive right, title and interest in and to such Work Product. If the Company is unable because of Grantee s mental or physical incapacity or for any other reason (including Grantee s refusal to do so after request therefor is made by the Company) to secure Grantee s signature to apply for or to pursue any application for any United States or foreign patents or copyright registrations covering Work Product belonging to or assigned to the Company and or its Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 14(A) above, then the Grantee by this Agreement irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Grantee s agent and attorney-in-fact to act for and in Grantee s behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of patents or copyright registrations thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Grantee. The Grantee agrees not to apply for or pursue any application for any United States or foreign patents or copyright registrations covering any Work Product other than pursuant to this Section 14 in circumstances where such patents or copyright registrations are or have been or are required to be assigned to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 
 (C) Grantee acknowledges that the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries are highly competitive and that their strategies, methods, books, records, and documents, their technical information concerning their products, equipment, services, and processes, procurement procedures and pricing techniques, the names of and other information (such as credit and financial data) concerning their former, present or prospective customers and business affiliates, all comprise confidential business information and trade secrets which are valuable, special, and unique assets which the Company and or its Subsidiaries use in their business to obtain a competitive advantage over their competitors. The Grantee further acknowledges that protection of such confidential business information and trade secrets against unauthorized disclosure and use is of critical importance to the Company and its Subsidiaries in maintaining their competitive position. The Grantee acknowledges that by reason of the Grantee s duties to, and association with, the Company and its Subsidiaries, the Grantee has had and will have access to, and has and will become informed of, confidential business information which is a competitive asset of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Grantee hereby agrees that the Grantee will not, at any time during or after his or her employment by the Company or its Subsidiaries, make any unauthorized disclosure of any confidential business information or trade secrets of the Company or its Subsidiaries, or make any use thereof, except in the carrying out of his employment responsibilities hereunder. The Grantee shall take all necessary and appropriate steps to safeguard confidential business information and protect it against disclosure, misappropriation, misuse, loss and theft. Confidential business information shall not include information in the public domain (but only if the same becomes part of the public domain 

through a means other than a disclosure prohibited hereunder). The above notwithstanding, a disclosure shall not be unauthorized if (i) it is required by law or by a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) it is in connection with any judicial, arbitration, dispute resolution or other legal proceeding in which Grantee s legal rights and obligations as an employee or under this Agreement are at issue provided, however, that the Grantee shall, to the extent practicable and lawful in any such events, give prior notice to the Company of his or her intent to disclose any such confidential business information in such context so as to allow the Company or its Subsidiaries an opportunity (which the Grantee will not oppose) to obtain such protective orders or similar relief with respect thereto as may be deemed appropriate. Any information not specifically related to the Company and its Subsidiaries would not be considered confidential to the Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 
 (D) All written materials, records, and other documents made by, or coming into the possession of, the Grantee during the period of Grantee s employment by the Company or its Subsidiaries which contain or disclose confidential business information or trade secrets of the Company or its Subsidiaries, or which relate to Grantee s Work Product described in Section 14(A) above, shall be and remain the property of the Company, or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be. Upon termination of Grantee s employment, for any reason, the Grantee promptly shall deliver the same, and all copies thereof, to the Company. 
 
 (E) Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict the Grantee from initiating communications directly with, responding to any inquiries from, providing testimony before, providing confidential information to, reporting possible violations of law or regulation to, or from filing a claim or assisting with an investigation directly with a self-regulatory authority or a government agency or entity, including the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, and any agency Inspector General (collectively, the Regulators ), or from making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of state or federal law or regulation. The Grantee does not need the prior authorization of the Company to engage in conduct protected by this Section 14, and the Grantee does not need to notify the Company that the Grantee has engaged in such conduct. Please take notice that federal law provides criminal and civil immunity to federal and state claims for trade secret misappropriation to individuals who disclose a trade secret to their attorney, a court, or a government official in certain, confidential circumstances that are set forth at 18 U.S.C. 1833(b)(1) and 1833(b)(2), related to the reporting or investigation of a suspected violation of the law, or in connection with a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of the law. 
 
 15. Covenant Not to Compete. 
 
 (A) Grantee hereby agrees that during his or her employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and for a period of two years following Grantee s termination of employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries (the Non-Compete Period ), he or she will not, in association with or as an officer, principal, manager, member, advisor, agent, partner, director, material shareholder, employee or consultant of any corporation (or sub-unit, in the case of a diversified business) or other enterprise, entity or association, work on the acquisition or development of, or engage in any line of business, property or project which is, directly or indirectly, competitive with any business that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries engages in 

or is planning to engage in during the term of Grantee s employment with the Company or any Subsidiary, including but not limited to, any business engaged in the development, manufacture, distribution and sale of paint, coatings and related products to professional, industrial, commercial and retail customers (the Business ). Such restriction shall cover Grantee s activities anywhere in the contiguous United States. 
 
 (B) Grantee agrees that during the Non-Compete Period and for a one (1) year period thereafter, the Grantee will not, directly or indirectly, on behalf of Grantee or any other person or entity, solicit, induce or attempt to solicit or induce any person who is or was employed by, or in a contractor relationship with, the Company or its Subsidiaries within the one (1) year period immediately preceding the date of solicitation or inducement, to (i) interfere with the activities or businesses of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) discontinue employment or contractor status with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iii) interfere with, alter or modify their employment or contractor relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Grantee also agrees that during the Non-Compete Period and for a one (1) year period thereafter, the Grantee will not, on behalf of Grantee or any other person or entity, hire, attempt to hire, assist in any way with the hiring of, or otherwise employ or engage, or attempt to employ or engage, any person who is or was employed by or in a contractor relationship with the Company or its Subsidiaries within the one (1) year period immediately preceding the date of such hiring, assistance with hiring, employment or engagement. 
 
 (C) Grantee agrees that during the Non-Compete Period, the Grantee will not, directly or indirectly, influence or attempt to influence any customers, distributors or suppliers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to divert their business to any competitor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such customer, distributor or supplier and the Company and or any of its Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, making any negative statements or communications about the Company and its Subsidiaries). During such Non-Compete Period, the Grantee will not, directly or indirectly, acquire or attempt to acquire any business in the contiguous United States to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, prior to the Grantee s termination of employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries, has made an acquisition proposal relating to the possible acquisition of such business by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or has planned, discussed or contemplated making such an acquisition proposal (such business, an Acquisition Target ), or take any action to induce or attempt to induce any Acquisition Target to consummate any acquisition, investment or other similar transaction with any person other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 
 (D) Grantee understands that the provisions of Section 14 and Section 15 hereof may limit his or her ability to earn a livelihood in a business in which he or she is involved, but as a member of the management group of the Company and its Subsidiaries he or she nevertheless agrees and hereby acknowledges that (i) such provisions do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill or other business interests of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries (ii) such provisions contain reasonable limitations as to time, scope of activity, and geographical area to be restrained and (iii) the consideration provided hereunder is sufficient to compensate the Grantee for the restrictions contained in Section 14 and Section 15 hereof. In consideration of the foregoing and in light of the Grantee s education, skills and abilities, the Grantee agrees that he or she will not assert that, and it should not be considered that, any provisions of Section 14 and Section 15 otherwise are void, voidable or unenforceable or should be voided or held unenforceable. 

(E) If, at the time of enforcement of Section 14 or Section 15 of this Agreement, a court shall hold that the duration, scope, or area restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing, the parties hereto agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical area reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated period, scope or area and that the court shall be allowed and directed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by law. The Grantee acknowledges that he or she is a member of the Company s and its Subsidiaries management group with access to the Company s and its Subsidiaries confidential business information and his or her services are unique to the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Grantee therefore agrees that the remedy at law for any breach by him or her of any of the covenants and agreements set forth in Section 14 or Section 15 hereof will be inadequate and that in the event of any such breach, the Company and its Subsidiaries may, in addition to the other remedies which may be available to them at law, apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to obtain specific performance and or injunctive relief prohibiting the Grantee (together with all those persons associated with him or her) from the breach of such covenants and agreements and to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, in the event of a breach or violation by the Grantee of this Section 15, the Non-Compete Period set forth herein shall be tolled until such breach or violation has been cured. 
 
 (F) Each of the covenants of Section 14 and Section 15 hereof are given by the Grantee as part of the consideration for the RSUs granted hereunder and as an inducement to the Company to grant such RSUs and accept the obligations thereunder. 
 
 16. Data Privacy. Grantee explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Grantee s personal data as described in this document by and among, as applicable, Grantee s employer Employer and the Company and its Subsidiaries, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Grantee s participation in the Plan. Grantee understands that Employer and the Company and its Subsidiaries hold (but only process or transfer to the extent required or permitted by local law) the following personal information about Grantee Grantee s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all RSUs or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Grantee s favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan (collectively, the Data ). Grantee understands that Data may be transferred to third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including Fidelity Stock Plan Service LLC, that these recipients may be located in Grantee s country or elsewhere (including countries outside of the European Union or the European Economic Area, such as the United States of America), and that the recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than those that apply in Grantee s country. Grantee understands that Grantee may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting Grantee s local human resources representative. Grantee authorizes these recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing Grantee s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom Grantee may elect to deposit any shares acquired upon vesting or earning of the RSUs. Grantee understands that Data will be held only as long as is 

necessary to implement, administer and manage Grantee s participation in the Plan and in accordance with local law. Grantee understands that Grantee may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing Grantee s local human resources representative. Grantee understands, however, that refusing or withdrawing Grantee s consent may affect Grantee s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Grantee s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Grantee hereby understands that Grantee may contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 
 17. Electronic Delivery. The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the RSUs and Grantee s participation in the Plan, or future awards that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or request Grantee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Grantee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 
 18. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code. The award covered by this Agreement is intended to be excepted from coverage under, or compliant with, the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder Section 409A ). Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if the award is subject to the provisions of Section 409A (and not exempted therefrom), the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan shall be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner necessary to comply with Section 409A (or disregarded to the extent such provision cannot be so administered, interpreted or construed). If any payments or benefits hereunder may be deemed to constitute nonconforming deferred compensation subject to taxation under the provisions of Section 409A, Grantee agrees that the Company may, without the consent of Grantee, modify the Agreement to the extent and in the manner the Company deems necessary or advisable or take such other action or actions, including an amendment or action with retroactive effect, that the Company deems appropriate in order either to preclude any such payment or benefit from being deemed deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A or to provide such payments or benefits in a manner that complies with the provisions of Section 409A such that they will not be subject to the imposition of taxes and or interest thereunder. If, at the time of Grantee s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), (A) Grantee shall be a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and using the identification methodology selected by the Company from time to time) and (B) the Company shall make a good faith determination that an amount payable hereunder constitutes deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) the settlement of which is required to be delayed pursuant to the six-month delay rule set forth in Section 409A of the Code in order to avoid taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code, then the Company shall not settle such amount on the otherwise scheduled settlement date but shall instead settle it, without interest, on the first business day of the month after such six-month period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations and or warranties with respect to compliance with Section 409A, and Grantee recognizes and acknowledges that Section 409A could potentially impose upon Grantee certain taxes and or interest charges for which Participant is and shall remain solely responsible. 

19. Construction. This Agreement is made and granted pursuant to the Plan and is in all respects limited by and subject to the terms of the Plan. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 
 20. Compliance with Laws and Regulations. The issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to compliance by Grantee with all applicable requirements of law relating thereto and with all applicable regulations of any stock exchange on which Company s stock may be listed for trading at the time of such issuance. 
 
 21. Binding Effect No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and Grantee and their respective heirs, representatives, successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the Company and Grantee and their respective heirs, representatives, successors and permitted assigns. 
 
 22. Notice. Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Company under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its principal corporate office. Except to the extent electronic notice is authorized hereunder, any notice required to be given or delivered to Grantee shall be in writing and addressed to Grantee at Grantee s most recent address set forth in the Company s records. All notices shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery (or electronic delivery to the extent authorized hereunder) or upon deposit in the U.S. mail, postage, prepaid and properly addressed to the party to be notified. 

</EX-10.X>

<EX-21>
 4
 shw-12312022xex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 The Sherwin-Williams Company 
 Operating Subsidiaries 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Domestic 
 State of Subsidiary Incorporation Acquire Sourcing, LLC DE Dur-A-Flex, Inc. CT Comex North America, Inc. DE Contract Transportation Systems Co. DE CTS National Corporation DE ICA USA Inc. DE Omega Specialty Products & Services LLC OH Plasti-Kote Co., Inc. OH Sherwin-Williams Realty Holdings, Inc. IL SWIMC LLC DE The Sherwin-Williams Acceptance Corporation NV The Sherwin-Williams Headquarters Company OH The Sherwin-Williams Manufacturing Company OH The Sherwin-Williams US Licensing Company DE Valspar Specialty Paints, LLC DE 
 
 Foreign 
 Country of Subsidiary Incorporation Compania Sherwin-Williams, S.A. de C.V. Mexico EPS B.V. Netherlands EPS (Shanghai) Trading Co., Ltd. China Gro & Perthun Verwaltungs GmbH Germany Guangdong Valspar Paints Manufacturing Co Ltd. China ICA China, Ltd. China ICA Deutschland Lacke GmbH Germany ICA Iberia Sau Spain ICA Lodz Sp. z o.o. Poland ICA Polska Sp. z o.o. Poland ICA Radomskp Sp. z o.o Poland ICA Spa Italy Invercolor Bologna Srl Italy 

Inver East Med S.A. Greece Inver France SAS France Inver GmbH Germany Inver Industrial Coating SRL Romania Inver Polska Sp ka z o.o. Poland Inver Spa Italy Isocoat Tintas e Vernizes Ltda Brazil Isva Vernici Srl Italy Pinturas Condor S.A. Ecuador Pinturas Industriales S.A. Uruguay Productos Quimicos y Pinturas, S.A. de C.V. Mexico PT Sherwin-Williams Indonesia Indonesia PT Valspar Indonesia Indonesia Quetzal Pinturas, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Sherwin-Williams Argentina I.y C.S.A. Argentina Sherwin-Williams Aruba VBA Aruba Sherwin-Williams (Australia) Pty. Ltd. AU Sherwin-Williams Balkan S.R.L. Romania Sherwin-Williams Bel Unitary Enterprise Belarus Sherwin-Williams Benelux NV Belgium Sherwin-Williams Canada Inc. Canada Sherwin-Williams Chile S.A. Chile Sherwin-Williams Coatings S.a r.l. Luxembourg Sherwin Williams Colombia S.A.S. Columbia Sherwin-William Coatings Deutschland GmbH Germany Sherwin-Williams Czech Republic spol. s r.o Czech Republic Sherwin-Williams Denmark A S Denmark Sherwin-Williams Deutschland GmbH Germany Sherwin-Williams UK Limited UK Sherwin-Williams do Brasil Industria e Comercio Ltda. Brazil Sherwin-Williams France Finishes SAS France Sherwin-Williams (Ireland) Limited Ireland Sherwin-Williams Italy S.r.l. Italy Sherwin-Williams (Nantong) Company Limited China Sherwin-Williams Norway AS Norway Sherwin-Williams Peru S.R.L. Peru Sherwin-Williams Pinturas de Venezuela S.A. Venezuela Sherwin-Williams Poland Sp. z o.o. Poland Sherwin-Williams Services (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Sherwin-Williams (Shanghai) Limited China Sherwin-Williams Spain Coatings S.L. Spain 

Piton Paints Limited St. Lucia Sherwin-Williams Sweden AB Sweden Sherwin-Williams (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Thailand Sherwin-Williams (Vietnam) Limited Vietnam Sherwin-Williams (West Indies) Limited Jamaica Spanyc Paints Joint Stock Company Vietnam Taiwan Valspar Co., Ltd. Taiwan The Valspar (Asia) Corporation Limited Hong Kong The Valspar (Australia) Corporation Pty. Ltd. Australia The Valspar Corporation Limitada Brazil The Valspar (Finland) Corporation Oy Finland The Valspar (France) Corporation S.A.S. France The Valspar (France) Research Corporation SAS France The Valspar (Malaysia) Corporation Sdn Bhd Malaysia The Valspar (Nantes) Corporation S.A.S. France The Valspar (Singapore) Corporation Pte. Ltd Singapore The Valspar (South Africa) Corporation (Pty) Ltd South Africa The Valspar (Switzerland) Corporation AG Switzerland The Valspar (Thailand) Corporation Ltd. Thailand The Valspar (Vietnam) Corporation Ltd. Vietnam UAB Sherwin-Williams Baltic Lithuania Valspar Aries Coatings, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Valspar Automotive Australia Pty Limited Australia Valspar B.V. Netherlands Valspar Coatings (Guangdong) Co., Ltd. China Valspar Coatings (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China Valspar Coatings (Tianjin) Co., Ltd China Valspar D.o.o Beograd Serbia Valspar (India) Coatings Corporation Private Limited India Valspar Industries GmbH Germany Valspar Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Valspar Rock Company Limited (Japan) Japan Valspar (Shanghai) Management Co., Ltd. China Valspar (Uruguay) Corporation S.A. Uruguay Valspar (WPC) Pty Ltd Australia 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 shw-12312022xex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 Registration Number Description 333-253288 
 The Sherwin-Williams Company 2005 Key Management Deferred Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2016) Form S-8 Registration Statement 
 333-266623 The Sherwin-Williams Company Form S-3 Registration Statement 333-217457 The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of April 19, 2017) Form S-8 Registration Statement 333-218406 The Valspar Corporation Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Equity Plan Form S-8 Registration Statement 333-219654 The Sherwin-Williams Company 2005 Deferred Compensation Savings and Pension Equalization Plan, (Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2016) Form S-8 Registration Statement 333-166365 The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan (as Amended and Restated as of February 17, 2015) Form S-8 Registration Statement 333-152443 The Sherwin-Williams Company Employee Stock Purchase and Savings Plan Form S-8 Registration Statement 333-133419 The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan and The Sherwin-Williams Company 2006 Stock Plan for Nonemployee Directors Form S-8 Registration Statement 333-129582 The Sherwin-Williams Company 2005 Deferred Compensation Savings and Pension Equalization Plan, The Sherwin-Williams 2005 Key Management Deferred Compensation Plan and The Sherwin-Williams Company 2005 Director Deferred Fee Plan Form S-8 Registration Statement 333-105211 The Sherwin-Williams Company Employee Stock Purchase and Savings Plan Form S-8 Registration Statement 333-66295 The Sherwin-Williams Company Deferred Compensation Savings Plan, The Sherwin-Williams Company Key Management Deferred Compensation Plan and The Sherwin-Williams Company Director Deferred Fee Plan Form S-8 Registration Statement 
 
 of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of The Sherwin-Williams Company included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of The Sherwin-Williams Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young, LLP 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24.A>
 6
 shw-12312022xex24a.htm
 EX-24.A

Document 

EXHIBIT 24(a) 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY 

KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned directors and or officers of The Sherwin-Williams Company, an Ohio corporation (the Company ), hereby constitutes and appoints each of John G. Morikis, Allen J. Mistysyn and Mary L. Garceau, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as the true and lawful attorney-in-fact or attorneys-in-fact of the undersigned to execute and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, with any and all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto, and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things necessary, appropriate or desirable to be done in the premises, or in the name, place and stead of the undersigned, as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and approving all that said attorneys-in-fact or any of them and any substitute therefor may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 This Power of Attorney may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original with respect to the person executing it. 
 
 Executed as of this 22nd day of February, 2023. 
 
 Signature Title s John G. Morikis Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) John G. Morikis s Jane M. Cronin Senior Vice President Enterprise Finance (Principal Accounting Officer) Jane M. Cronin s Allen J. Mistysyn Senior Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Allen J. Mistysyn s Kerrii B. Anderson Director Kerrii B. Anderson s Arthur F. Anton Director Arthur F. Anton s Jeff M. Fettig Director Jeff M. Fettig s Richard J. Kramer Director Richard J. Kramer 

s Christine A. Poon Director Christine A. Poon s Aaron M. Powell Director Aaron M. Powell s Marta R. Stewart Director Marta R. Stewart s Michael H. Thaman Director Michael H. Thaman s Matthew Thornton III Director Matthew Thornton III s Steven H. Wunning Director Steven H. Wunning 

</EX-24.A>

<EX-24.B>
 7
 shw-12312022xex24b.htm
 EX-24.B

Document 

EXHIBIT 24(b) 

CERTIFICATE 

I, the undersigned, Secretary of The Sherwin-Williams Company (the Company ), hereby certify that attached hereto is a true and complete copy of a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company, duly adopted at a meeting held on February 14-15, 2023, and that such resolution is in full force and effect and has not been amended, modified, revoked or rescinded as of the date hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this certificate as of this 22nd day of February, 2023. 

s Mary L. Garceau 
 Mary L. Garceau 
 Secretary 

RESOLVED, that the appropriate officers of the Company are each authorized to execute and deliver a power of attorney appointing John G. Morikis, Allen J. Mistysyn and Mary L. Garceau, or any of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to act as attorneys-in-fact for the Company and for such officers for the purpose of executing and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission and any national securities exchange, on behalf of the Company the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and any and all amendments, exhibits and other documents in connection therewith, and to take any other actions deemed necessary and appropriate to effect the filing of such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all such amendments, exhibits and other documents in connection therewith. 

</EX-24.B>

<EX-31.A>
 8
 shw-12312022xex31a.htm
 EX-31.A

Document 

EXHIBIT 31(a) 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, John G. Morikis, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The Sherwin-Williams Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 s John G. Morikis John G. Morikis Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 9
 shw-12312022xex31b.htm
 EX-31.B

Document 

EXHIBIT 31(b) 
 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, Allen J. Mistysyn, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The Sherwin-Williams Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 s Allen J. Mistysyn Allen J. Mistysyn Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 10
 shw-12312022xex32a.htm
 EX-32.A

Document 

EXHIBIT 32(a) 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Sherwin-Williams Company (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John G. Morikis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated February 22, 2023 s John G. Morikis John G. Morikis Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to The Sherwin-Williams Company and will be retained by The Sherwin-Williams Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 11
 shw-12312022xex32b.htm
 EX-32.B

Document 

EXHIBIT 32(b) 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Sherwin-Williams Company (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Allen J. Mistysyn, Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated February 22, 2023 s Allen J. Mistysyn Allen J. Mistysyn Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to The Sherwin-Williams Company and will be retained by The Sherwin-Williams Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 shw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 shw-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 shw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 shw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 shw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

