<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1488139_0001488139-23-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21745980</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>376415</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4874459</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7258286</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4677191</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4211253</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001488139-23-000014.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228163831
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001488139-23-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		148
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ameresco, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001488139
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION SPECIAL TRADE CONTRACTORS [1700]
		IRS NUMBER:				043512838
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34811
		FILM NUMBER:		23686214

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 SPEEN STREET
		CITY:			FRAMINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		508-661-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 SPEEN STREET
		CITY:			FRAMINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001488139-23-000014.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 amrc-20221231.htm
 10-K

amrc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________. 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. 

Class Shares outstanding as of February 24, 2023 
 Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class B Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

AMERESCO, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 PART I 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 10 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 24 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 25 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 25 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 25 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 26 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 28 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 38 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 40 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 96 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 96 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 96 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 97 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 97 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 97 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 97 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 97 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 98 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 99 
 SIGNATURES 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K or Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act ). All statements, other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects, plans, objectives of management, expected market growth and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These statements are often, but not exclusively, identified by the use of words such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, intend, could, estimate, target, project, predict or continue, and similar expressions or variations. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements about: 
 our expectations as to the future growth of our business and associated expenses, 
 our expectations as to revenue generation, 
 the future availability of borrowings under our revolving credit facility, 
 the expected future growth of the market for energy efficiency and renewable energy solutions, 
 our backlog, awarded projects and recurring revenue and the timing of such matters, 
 our expectations as to acquisition activity, 
 the impact of any restructuring, 
 the uses of future earnings, 
 the expected energy and cost savings of our projects, 
 the expected energy production capacity of our renewable energy plants, 
 the impact of the ongoing macroeconomic challenges, including supply chain disruptions, and shortage of materials, and 
 the impact of the U.S. Department of Commerce s solar panel import investigation 
 the impact of regulation, including the IRA 
 These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially and adversely from the future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties, and factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors, set forth in Item 1A of this Form 10-K and elsewhere in this Report. The forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K represent our views as of the date of this Report. Subsequent events and developments may cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so and undertake no obligation to do so except to the extent required by applicable law. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Form 10-K. 
 ADDITIONAL NOTES 
 The terms Ameresco, Company, we, our, us, or ourselves included in this Report mean Ameresco, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, collectively. 
 Rounding adjustments applied to individual numbers and percentages shown in this Report may result in these figures differing immaterially from their absolute values. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Company Overview 
 Ameresco is a leading clean technology integrator and renewable energy asset developer, owner, and operator. Our comprehensive portfolio includes energy efficiency, infrastructure upgrades, asset sustainability, and renewable energy solutions. 
 Our core offerings include the development, design, arrangement of financing, construction, and installation of solutions that deliver measurable cost and energy savings while enhancing the operations, energy security, infrastructure, and resiliency of a facility. These solutions range from upgrades to a facility s energy infrastructure to the development, construction, and operation of renewable energy plants. As a trusted sustainability partner, we are always on a mission to help customers lower their overall carbon footprint and reduce their environmental impact. 
 Our product independence coupled with our deep technical bench allows us to integrate best-in-class advanced technology solutions for the unique needs of each customer. 
 Drawing from decades of experience, we develop these tailored energy projects for federal, state, and local governments, educational and healthcare institutions, airports, public housing authorities, commercial/industrial customers, transportation and infrastructure, and utilities across the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and Europe. 
 We have sourced and raised approximately 4.5 billion in project financing while delivering 13.0 billion in energy solutions since our inception. Our growth is driven by staying ahead of the curve and at the leading edge of innovation taking place in the energy sector, offering new products and services to new and existing customers. 
 In addition to organic growth, strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses and assets, and entering into joint venture arrangements has been, and continues to be an important component to our growth strategy. These strategies enable us to broaden our service offerings and expand our geographical reach. 
 To best serve our expansive customer base, we have approximately 60 regional offices located throughout North America and the United Kingdom and more than 1,300 dedicated energy and business professionals with years of proven experience and a strong commitment to customer satisfaction. We offer our customers the resources needed to successfully plan, finance, execute and operate energy programs to create sustained economic and operating benefits to fulfill their unique requirements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Our Services 
 Our portfolio of service and product offerings aim to create value and provide energy efficient and renewable solutions to the organizations we serve in the pursuit of a sustainable future. 
 Energy Efficiency Measures Upgrades 
 Water management, efficiency and reclamation 
 Renewable energy, storage microgrids 
 Heating, ventilation, cooling, building envelope 
 Smart metering and controls 
 Chillers and boilers 
 Renewable Energy, Storage Microgrids 
 Solar photovoltaic PV 
 Combined heat and power CHP and co-generation plants 
 Geothermal 
 Renewable natural gas RNG 
 Wind power 
 Microgrid 
 Battery storage 
 EV charging infrastructure 
 Hydrogen 

Energy Infrastructure 
 Smart building modernization and retrofits 
 Design-build new construction 
 Utilize a full range of technologies related to building systems, facility infrastructure, energy- and water-consuming systems 
 Integrated project design and implementation 
 Energy Analytics Supply 
 Enterprise energy management services 
 Proprietary asset management software 
 Energy procurement services 
 Operations Maintenance O M 
 End-to-end technical guidance 
 Skilled technicians to operate and maintain renewable energy systems 

Our core services are the development, design, engineering, and installation of projects designed to reduce the energy and O M costs of our customers facilities. These projects generally include a variety of measures that incorporate innovative technology and techniques, customized for the facility and designed to improve the efficiency of major building systems, such as heating, ventilation, cooling and lighting systems, while enhancing the comfort and usability of the buildings. 
 We also offer the ability to incorporate analytical tools designed to provide improved building energy management capabilities and enable customers to identify opportunities for energy cost savings. We typically commit to customers that our energy efficiency projects will satisfy agreed upon performance standards upon installation or achieve specified increases in energy efficiency. Generally, the forecasted lifetime energy and operating cost savings of the energy efficiency measures we install are designed to defray all or almost all of the cost of such measures. In many cases, we assist customers in obtaining private third-party financing, grants, or rebates for the cost of constructing the facility improvements, resulting in little or no upfront capital expenditure by the customer. After a project is complete, we may operate, maintain and repair the customer s energy systems under a multi-year O M contract, designed to provide us with recurring revenue and visibility into the customer s evolving needs. 
 In addition, we serve certain customers by developing and building small-scale renewable energy plants located at or close to a customer s site. Depending on the customer s preference, we will either retain ownership of the completed plant or build it for the customer. Most of our small-scale renewable energy plants to date consist of solar PV installations and plants constructed adjacent to landfills, that use landfill gas LFG to generate energy. We also design and build, and own, operate and maintain plants that utilize biogas from wastewater treatment processes. Our largest renewable energy project that we operate for a customer uses biomass as the primary source of energy. For information on how we finance the projects that we own and operate, please see the disclosures under Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , Note 9, Debt and Financing Lease Liabilities and Note 11, Variable Interest Entities and Equity Method Investments to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Report. 
 Our Lines of Business 
 Smart Energy Solutions Projects 
 Our Smart Energy Solutions Projects are primarily energy efficiency projects, which entail the design, engineering, and installation of an ever-increasing array of innovative technologies and techniques designed to improve the energy efficiency and control the operation, of a building s energy- and water-consuming systems. In certain projects, we design and construct a central plant or cogeneration system providing power, heat and/or cooling to a building, or a small-scale plant that produces electricity, gas, heat or cooling from renewable sources of energy for a customer, as well as battery energy storage. Our projects generally range in size and scope from a one-month project to design and retrofit a lighting system to a more complex 36-month project to design and install a central plant or cogeneration system or other small-scale plant. Projects we have constructed or are currently working on include designing, engineering and installing energy conservation and resiliency measures across school buildings, 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 large, complex energy conservation, and energy security projects for the federal government, and municipal-scale street lighting projects incorporating smart city controls. 
 O M 
 After an energy efficiency or renewable energy project is completed, we often provide ongoing O M services under multi-year contracts. These services offer end-to-end technical guidance and include operating, maintaining, and repairing facility energy systems, such as boilers, chillers, and building controls, as well as central power and small-scale plants. For larger projects, we frequently maintain staff on-site to perform these services. In addition to providing O M services for our own projects, we also provide similar services on projects we did not construct for various customers. 
 Ameresco-owned Energy Assets 
 Ameresco-owned energy assets are small-scale power plants that we develop, design, construct, finance and own/operate and are included in our consolidated balance sheets. These assets may sell electricity, heat, cooling, processed biogas, or renewable biomethane fuel under short-or long-term contracts. We also offer Energy as a Service EaaS ), where we design, construct, finance and own/ operate various energy conservation measures on a customer s site and sell them the output or availability of these items under a short-or long-term contract. 
 We have constructed and are currently developing, designing, and constructing a wide range of renewable energy plants using: 
 biogas (generated from landfills, wastewater treatment plants, and the agricultural sector) 
 advanced biofuels 
 biomass and other bio-derived fuels 
 solar PV 
 wind and hydro sources of energy 
 battery storage 
 Most of our renewable energy assets to date have involved the generation and sale of: 
 electricity from solar PV or battery storage 
 electricity, thermal, renewable fuel, or biomethane using biogas as a feedstock 
 In the case of our biogas-fueled projects, we purchase biogas that otherwise would be combusted or vented, process it, and either use it as a renewable fuel source in our energy plants to produce and sell electricity and/or thermal, or sell it as a renewable fuel source to a third party. We also design and build, and operate and maintain facilities that process biogas into biomethane (or renewable natural gas) that can be transported, primarily through the nation s natural gas pipeline grid or in some cases through tanker trucks, and sold to third parties. The rights to use the site for the plant and the purchase of raw feedstock fuel for the plant are also obtained by us under long-term agreements with terms at least as long as the associated output supply agreement. Our supply agreements typically provide for fixed prices or prices that escalate at a fixed rate or vary based on a market benchmark. See We may assume responsibility under customer contracts for factors outside our control, including, in connection with some customer projects, the risk that fuel prices will increase in Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned and operated 162 small-scale renewable energy plants including solar PV installations which generate electricity or deliver renewable gas fuel with a combined capacity of approximately 389 megawatt equivalents MWe and have energy assets in development and construction with a combined capacity of approximately 530 MWe, which includes 60 MWe attributable to a non-controlling interest. 
 The table below shows the type and number of plants we owned and operated as of December 31, 2022: 
 Plants Owned and Operated Quantity Biogas: RNG 4 Biogas: non-RNG 22 Solar and battery assets 132 Other 4 Total plants owned and operated 162 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Other 
 Our other lines of business include photovoltaic solar energy products and systems integrated-PV ), consulting, and enterprise energy management services. 
 Customer Arrangements 
 Energy Savings Performance Contracts ESPCs 
 For our energy efficiency projects, we typically enter into ESPCs, under which we agree to develop, design, engineer and construct a project for a customer and also commit that the project will satisfy agreed upon performance standards that vary from project to project. These performance commitments are typically based on the design, capacity, efficiency, or operation of the specific equipment and systems we install. Our commitments generally fall into three categories: 
 Pre-agreed energy reduction commitment: our customer reviews the project design in advance and agrees that, upon or shortly after completion of the installation of the specified equipment comprising the project, the commitment will have been met. 
 Equipment-level commitment: we commit to a level of energy use reduction based on the difference in use measured first with the existing equipment and then with the replacement equipment. 
 Whole building-level commitment: requires demonstration of energy usage reduction for a whole building, often based on readings of the utility meter where usage is measured. Depending on the project, the measurement and demonstration may be required only once, upon installation, based on an analysis of one or more sample installations, or may be required to be repeated at agreed upon intervals generally over periods of up to 25 years. We often assist these customers in identifying and obtaining financing through rebate programs, grant programs, third-party lenders, and other sources. 
 Under our contracts, we typically do not take responsibility for a wide variety of factors outside of our control and exclude or adjust for such factors in commitment calculations. These factors include, among others, variations in energy prices and utility rates, weather, facility occupancy schedules, the amount of energy-using equipment in a facility, and the failure of the customer to operate or maintain the project properly. Typically, our performance commitments apply to the aggregate overall performance of a project rather than to individual energy efficiency measures. Therefore, to the extent an individual measure underperforms, it may be offset by other measures that overperform during the same period. In the event that an energy efficiency project does not perform according to the agreed upon specifications, our agreements typically allow us to satisfy our obligation by adjusting or modifying the installed equipment, installing additional measures to provide substitute energy savings or paying the customer for lost energy savings based on the assumed conditions specified in the agreement. Many of our equipment supply, local design, and installation subcontracts contain provisions that enable us to seek recourse against our vendors or subcontractors if there is a deficiency in our energy reduction commitment. See We may have liability to our customers under our ESPCs if our projects fail to deliver the energy use reductions to which we are committed under the contract in Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 The projects that we perform for governmental agencies are governed by particular qualification and contracting regimes. Certain states require qualification with an appropriate state agency as a precondition to performing work or appearing as a qualified energy service provider for state, county, and local agencies within the state. For example, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the states of Colorado and Washington pre-qualify energy service providers and provide contract documents that serve as the starting point for negotiations with potential governmental customers. Most of the work that we perform for the federal government is performed under Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity IDIQ and Multiple Award Construction Contract agreements between government agencies and us. These agreements allow us to contract with the relevant agencies to implement energy and infrastructure projects, but no work may be performed unless we and the agency agree on a task order or delivery order governing the provision of a specific project. The government agencies enter into contracts for specific projects on a competitive basis. We and our affiliates are currently parties to an IDIQ agreement with the U.S. Department of Energy DOE expiring in 2026. We are also party to agreements with other federal agencies, including the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the Naval Facilities Engineering Command (NAVFAC) Mid-Atlantic, and the U.S. General Services Administration. 
 Payments by the federal government for energy efficiency measures are based on the services provided and the products installed but are limited to the savings derived from such measures, calculated in accordance with federal regulatory guidelines and the specific contract s terms. The savings are typically determined by comparing energy use and other costs before and after the installation of the energy efficiency measures, adjusted for changes that affect energy use and other costs but are not caused by the energy efficiency measures. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Energy Supply Contracts 
 For the energy assets that we own and operate, we generally enter into (i) long-term power purchase agreements PPAs to supply electricity, (ii) long-term energy supply agreements ESAs to supply medium British Thermal Unit BTU biogas or thermal energy, (iii) gas purchase agreements GPAs to supply RNG, or (iv) EaaS contracts where we sell the output or availability of various energy conservation measures to third parties. 
 The third parties we enter into PPAs, ESAs, or EaaS contracts with include but are not limited to municipalities, the Federal government, commercial and industrial customers, or utilities. The third parties we sell RNG to include, but are not limited to, brokers, traders, utilities, municipalities, industrial facilities, or other large purchasers of energy. 
 Our Business Segments 
 Our company is primarily organized by region, where each region may perform our key services under our various lines of business. Our reportable business segments largely follow our regional segmentation. For the year ended December 31, 2022 our reportable business segments were as follows: 
 U.S. Regions 
 U.S. Federal 
 Canada 

Alternative Fuels (formerly Non-Solar Distributed Generation) 
 All Other 

On January 1, 2022, we changed the structure of our internal organization and our All Other segment now includes our U.S.-based enterprise energy management services previously included in our U.S Regions segment and our U.S. Regions segment now includes U.S. project revenue and associated costs previously included in our former Non-Solar DG segment. As a result, previously reported amounts have been reclassified for comparative purposes. 
 Our U.S. Regions, U.S. Federal and Canada segments offer energy efficiency products and services which include the design, engineering, and installation of equipment and other measures to improve the efficiency and control the operation of a facility s energy infrastructure, renewable energy solutions, and services and the development and construction of small-scale plants that we own or develop for customers that produce electricity, gas, heat, or cooling from renewable sources of energy and O M services. 
 Our Alternative Fuels segment sells electricity and processed RNG derived from biomethane from small-scale plants that we own and operate, and provides O M services for customer owned small-scale RNG plants. 
 The All Other category offers enterprise energy management services, consulting services, energy efficiency products and services outside of the U.S. and Canada, and the sale of solar PV energy products and systems which we refer to as integrated-PV. 
 The table below shows the percentage of revenues by segment for the last three years: 
 2022 2021 2020 of Revenues by Segment (1) 
 U.S. Regions 61.6 45.3 41.0 U.S. Federal 21.5 32.3 36.6 Canada 3.2 4.1 4.6 Alternative Fuels 6.3 9.1 8.1 All Other 7.4 9.2 9.7 Total revenues 100.0 100.0 100.0 (1) See Note 3 Revenue from Contracts with Customers for our disaggregated revenue and Note 20 Business Segment Information for additional information. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our sales and marketing approach is to offer customers customized and comprehensive energy efficiency solutions tailored to meet their economic, operational, and technical needs. We identify project opportunities through referrals, requests for proposals RFPs ), conferences and events, website, digital campaigns, telemarketing, and repeat business from existing customers. Our direct sales force develops and follows up on customer leads. As of December 31, 2022, we had 180 employees in direct sales. 
 In preparation for a proposal, our team typically conducts a preliminary audit of the customer s needs and requirements and identifies areas to enhance efficiencies and reduce costs. We collect and analyze the customer s utility bill and other data related 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 to energy use. If the bills are complex or numerous, we often utilize our proprietary enterprise energy management software tools to scan, compile and analyze the information. Our experienced engineers visit and assess the customer s current energy systems and infrastructure. Through our knowledge of the federal, state, and local governmental and utility environments, we assess the availability of energy, utility or environmental-based payments for usage reductions or renewable power generation, which helps us optimize the economic benefits of a proposed project for a customer. Once awarded a project, we perform a more detailed audit of the customer s facilities, which serves as the basis for the final specifications of the project and final contract terms. 
 For renewable energy plants that are not built or located on a customer s site or use sources of energy not within the customer s control, the sales process also involves the identification of sites with attractive sources of renewable energy and obtaining necessary rights and governmental permits to develop a plant on that site. For example, for LFG projects, we start with gaining control of an LFG resource located close to the prospective customer. For solar and wind projects, we look for sites where utilities are interested in purchasing renewable energy power at rates that are sufficient to make a project feasible. Where governmental agencies control the site and resource, such as a landfill owned by a municipality, the customer may be required to issue an RFP to use the site or resource. Once we believe we are likely to obtain the rights to the site and the resource, we seek customers for the energy output of the potential project, with whom we can enter into a long-term PPA. 
 Customers 
 We strive to be a trusted sustainability partner creating valued, single-sourced, efficient energy solutions delivered with passion, expertise, teamwork, and a relentless focus on customer satisfaction. 
 Our customers choose to prioritize efficiency and the development of clean, green energy sources and our solutions are customized to serve the specific needs of each customer and meaningfully reduce or offset their carbon footprint. From energy conservation through a variety of measures to the generation of green, renewable power, our customers and their communities reap the benefits of reducing energy consumption, costs, and associated carbon emissions. 
 In 2022, we served customers throughout the United States, Canada, and Europe. Approximately 46.0 of our revenues were derived from federal, state, provincial, or local government entities, including public housing authorities, public universities, and municipal utilities. Our federal customers include various divisions of the U.S. federal government. The U.S. federal government is considered a single customer and segment for reporting purposes (see table above under Our Business Segments ). For the year ended December 31, 2022, our largest 20 customers accounted for approximately 73.4 of our total revenues. Other than the U.S. federal government, one customer represented 39.6 of our revenues during this period. 
 See Provisions in our government contracts may harm our business, financial condition and operating results in Item 1A, Risk Factors for a discussion of special considerations applicable to government contracting and The loss of one of our significant customers or our failure to perform on our contract with that customer in accordance with its terms could adversely affect us in Item 1A, Risk Factors for further discussion. 
 Competition 
 While we face significant competition from a large number of companies, we believe that few offer the objective technical expertise and full range of services we do. 
 Our principal competitors include: 
 Smart Energy Solutions : Constellation Energy Group, Inc. (an Exelon company), Energy Systems Group, Honeywell, Johnson Controls, NORESCO (a unit of Carrier Global Corporation), Schneider Electric, Siemens Building Technologies, and Trane Technologies (an Ingersoll-Rand company). We compete primarily on the basis of our comprehensive, independent offering of energy efficiency and renewable energy services and the breadth and depth of our expertise. 
 Energy Assets: In the LFG and RNG market our principal competitors primarily include large, national project developers and owners of landfills who self-develop projects using LFG from their own landfills, and other national renewable natural gas developers/owners such as Archaea Energy, Montauk Renewables, Vanguard Renewables, Opal Fuels, and divisions of large multi-national oil and gas conglomerates. In the Solar PV and Battery Storage market our principal competitors include Borrego Solar Systems, BlueWave Solar, Citizens Energy Group, Nexamp Inc., SunPower Corp., Solect Energy, and Syncarpha Capital. We may also compete with many large independent power producers and utilities, as well as a large number of smaller developers of renewable energy projects. In EaaS, our competitors include Engie, Enel X, Schneider Electric SE, and Redaptive, Inc. We compete for renewable energy projects primarily on the basis of our experience, reputation, and ability to identify and complete high quality and cost-effective projects. 
 O M Services: EMCOR Energy Services, Comfort Systems USA, Honeywell, Johnson Controls, and Veolia. In this area, we compete primarily on the basis of our expertise and quality of service. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 See We operate in a highly competitive industry, and our current or future competitors may be able to compete more effectively than we do, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, growth rates, and market share in Item 1A, Risk Factors for further discussion of competition. 
 Regulatory 
 Various regulations affect the conduct of our business. Federal and state legislation and regulations enable us to enter into ESPCs with government agencies in the United States. The applicable regulatory requirements for ESPCs differ in each state and between agencies of the federal government. We are also subject to local regulations in the international jurisdictions where we operate, including Canada, the United Kingdom, and Greece. 
 Our projects must conform to all applicable electric reliability, building and safety, and environmental regulations and codes, which vary from place to place and time to time. Various federal, state, provincial, and local permits are required to construct an energy efficiency project or renewable energy plant. 
 Renewable energy projects are also subject to specific governmental safety and economic regulation. States and the federal government typically do not regulate the transportation or sale of LFG unless it is combined with and distributed with natural gas, but this is not uniform among states and may change from time to time. States regulate the retail sale and distribution of natural gas to end-users, although regulatory exemptions from regulation are available in some states for limited gas delivery activities, such as sales only to a single customer. The sale and distribution of electricity at the retail level is subject to state and provincial regulation, and the sale and transmission of electricity at the wholesale level is subject to federal regulation. While we do not own or operate retail-level electric distribution systems or wholesale-level transmission systems, the prices for the products we offer can be affected by the tariffs, rules and regulations applicable to such systems, as well as the prices that the owners of such systems are able to charge. The construction of power generation projects typically is regulated at the state and provincial levels, and the operation of these projects also may be subject to state and provincial regulation as utilities. At the federal level, the ownership and operation of, and sale of power from, generation facilities may be subject to regulation under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005 PUHCA ), the Federal Power Act FPA ), and Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 PURPA ). However, because all of the plants that we have constructed and operated to date are small power qualifying facilities under PURPA, they are subject to less regulation under the FPA, PUHCA and related state utility laws than traditional utilities. 
 If we pursue projects employing different technologies or with a single project electrical capacity greater than 20 megawatts, we could become subject to some of the regulatory schemes which do not apply to our current projects. In addition, the state, provincial, and federal regulations that govern qualifying facilities and other power sellers frequently change, and the effect of these changes on our business cannot be predicted. 
 LFG power generation facilities require an air emissions permit, which may be difficult to obtain in certain jurisdictions. Renewable energy projects may also be eligible for certain governmental or government-related incentives from time to time, including tax credits, cash payments in lieu of tax credits, and the ability to sell associated environmental attributes, including carbon credits. Government incentives and mandates typically vary by jurisdiction. 
 Some of the demand reduction services we provide for utilities and institutional customers are subject to regulatory tariffs imposed under federal and state utility laws. In addition, the operation of, and electrical interconnection for, our renewable energy projects are subject to federal, state, or provincial interconnection and federal reliability standards also set forth in utility tariffs. These tariffs specify rules, business practices, and economic terms to which we are subject. The tariffs are drafted by the utilities and approved by the utilities state, provincial, or federal regulatory commissions. 
 See our section entitled Risks related to Regulations or Governmental Actions in Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Human Capital Management 
 We believe our employees are Ameresco s greatest resource, as they come together to creatively integrate our advanced technology portfolio and develop innovative, transformative energy solutions for our customers. 
 The diversity of our team coupled with our deep bench of technical expertise enables us to tackle the most complex energy opportunities. Supporting our employees and the communities in which we serve is paramount to our success. 
 We focus on team-based employee philanthropy, wellness-focused employee benefits, and donating our time to our local communities through education and training. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 1,363 employees based in 46 U.S. states, including the District of Columbia, six Canadian provinces, and four office locations throughout the United Kingdom 
 Philanthropic Activities 
 We actively participate in philanthropic activities that support our local communities and provide an opportunity for dynamic team building. During 2022, our employees were encouraged to use paid community service days to donate time and creative energy to the organizations that touch them personally and to give back to the environment and their communities. As a result, we experienced increased participation in both volunteer activities and employee match charitable giving. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Justice 
 We welcome, support, and celebrate unique ways of thinking. We believe innovation demands diversity of thought, and Ameresco has done well by welcoming and celebrating employees from diverse backgrounds. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an Affirmative Action employer. 
 To educate, support, and promote the culture of diversity, equity, inclusion and justice at Ameresco, diversity in the workplace is discussed at all levels in the organization. Annual diversity in the workplace training is rolled out to all Ameresco employees. This comprehensive training is critical to ensuring we are focused on educating our teams and fostering a culture that is all-inclusive. 
 Recruiting is a key element in our commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion and justice. Our talent team focuses on attracting and recruiting a diverse workforce by partnering with organizations such as the National Society of Women in Construction, Browning The Green Space, New England Women in Energy and the Environment, Hire Heroes USA, and Dolce Center for Advancement of Veterans and Service Members. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our global workforce is made up of 22 female, 77 male, and 1 not declared. In addition, 33 of our executive management team are female and 21 of our managers are female. 
 Benefits with a Purpose 
 The health, safety, and well-being of our employees continues to be a top priority at Ameresco. In addition to competitive salaries, we are committed to regularly evaluating a competitive benefits portfolio, striving to provide resources to our employees that assist with work-life balance. 
 While employee healthcare costs and access to a wide variety of doctors have always been at the top of our criteria list, we also continued to focus our 2022 benefit offerings on our mental health and well-being offerings. We wanted to ensure our employees have a variety of help and resources available, offered in platforms and services they felt comfortable using, should they need it. 
 In addition, we offered a comprehensive Employee Assistance Plan to all Ameresco employees and their family members should they need assistance with any life planning matters. And in support of some of the new applications and corporate programs, we rolled out memberships to Care.com, Gympass, and Headspace and Virgin Pulse mobile apps. 
 Energy Outside the Office 
 Whether it is through our philanthropic activities, our quest to provide an inclusive culture, or our focus on the well-being of our people, Ameresco benefits from the open communication seen between our employees. We encourage activities outside of our offices to enhance the employee experience. 
 Career Advancement 
 Ameresco strives to implement creative ways for our employees to support career advancement. To facilitate our employees career development with a focus on retention, we have improved on the frequency of career path discussions, training, and succession planning. To expand on the career training offered in 2021, we offered performance management training to employees and managers during 2022. The career path discussions identified specific training programs, mentorship opportunities, continued degree programs and certification programs all of which will provide the tools necessary to assist our employees in their career development. 
 When it comes to the innovative solutions that we deliver to our customers, it is critical for the Ameresco team to be at the forefront. Every month our Corporate Marketing Team hosts a Center of Excellence in Advance Technology training session available to all employees. Each session features a different topic to cover various aspects of Ameresco s solution portfolio and is presented by our internal subject matter experts. All employees are encouraged to attend live and participate in the Q A. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 In 2022, we continued to further integrate and invest in our Learning Management System LMS in our Workday Enterprise Management platform to centralize and have the capability to measure development metrics such as training hours per employee. 
 We provide a tuition reimbursement program to support career development within our organization. In addition, we support employee growth by investing in career advancing certification programs for our employees. 
 For more information on our initiatives noted above, please see our 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report which will be available at www.ameresco.com. 
 Seasonality 
 See Our business is affected by seasonal trends and construction cycles, and these trends and cycles could have an adverse effect on our operating results in Item 1A, Risk Factors and Overview Effects of Seasonality in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of seasonality in our business. 
 Geographic Information 
 Financial information about our domestic and international operations may be found in Note 16, Geographic Information of our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Additional Information 
 Periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information are available to the public, free of charge, on our website, www.ameresco.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and through the SEC s website, www.sec.gov. We include our website address in this report only as an inactive textual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to our website. None of the material on our website is part of this Report. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We face many risks. If any of the events or circumstances described below actually occur, we and our businesses, financial condition or results of operations could suffer, and the trading price of our Class A Common Stock could decline. Our current and potential investors should consider the following risks and the information contained under the heading Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements before deciding to invest in our securities. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 If demand for our energy efficiency and renewable energy solutions does not develop as we expect, our revenues will suffer, and our business will be harmed. 
 We believe, and our growth plans assume, that the market for energy efficiency and renewable energy solutions will continue to grow, that we will increase our penetration of this market and that our revenues from selling into this market will continue to increase over time. If our expectations as to the size of this market and our ability to sell our products and services in this market are not correct, our revenues will suffer, and our business will be harmed. 
 
 In order to secure contracts for new projects, we typically face a long and variable selling cycle that requires significant resource commitments and requires a long lead time before we realize revenues. 
 The sales cycle for energy efficiency and renewable energy projects in general take from 18 to 42 months, with sales to federal government and housing authority customers tending to require the longest sales processes. Our sales cycle has been further lengthened as a result of macroeconomic conditions and we cannot predict the timeline for our selling cycle in the current conditions. Our existing and potential customers generally follow extended b udgeting and procurement processes, and sometimes must engage in regulatory approval processes related to our services. Our customers often use outside consultants and advisors, which contributes to a longer sales cycle. Most of our potential customers issue an RFP, as part of their consideration of alternatives for their proposed project. In preparation for responding to an RFP, we typically conduct a preliminary audit of the customer s needs and the opportunity to reduce its energy costs. For projects involving a renewable energy plant that is not located on a customer s site or that uses sources of energy not within the customer s control, the sales process also involves the identification of sites with attractive sources of renewable energy, such as a landfill or a favorable site for solar PV, and it may involve obtaining necessary rights and governmental permits to develop a project on that site. If we are awarded a project, we then perform a more detailed audit of the customer s facilities, which serves as the basis for the final specifications of the project. We then must negotiate and execute a contract with the customer. In addition, we or the customer typically need to obtain financing for the project. 
 This extended sales process requires the dedication of significant time by our sales and management personnel and our use of significant financial resources, with no certainty of success or recovery of our related expenses. A potential customer may go through the entire sales process and not accept our proposal. All of these factors can contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly financial performance and increase the likelihood that our operating results in a particular quarter will fall below investor expectations. These factors could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results due to increased spending by us that is not offset by increased revenues. 
 We may not recognize all revenues from our backlog or receive all payments anticipated under awarded projects and customer contracts. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had backlog of approximately 1.0 billion and 1.5 billion, respectively, in expected future revenues under signed customer contracts for the installation or construction of projects, which we sometimes refer to as fully-contracted backlog; and we also had been awarded projects for which we do not yet have signed customer contracts with estimated total future revenues of an additional 1.6 billion and 1.5 billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had O M backlog of approximately 1.2 billion and 1.1 billion, respectively. Our O M backlog represents expected future revenues under signed multi-year customer contracts for the delivery of O M services, primarily for energy efficiency and renewable energy construction projects completed by us for our customers. 
 Our customers have the right under some circumstances to terminate contracts or defer the timing of our services and their payments to us. In addition, our government contracts are subject to the risks described below under Provisions in government contracts may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. The payment estimates for projects that have been awarded to us but for which we have not yet signed contracts have been prepared by management and are based upon a number of assumptions, including that the size and scope of the awarded projects will not change prior to the signing of customer contracts, that we or our customers will be able to obtain any necessary third-party financing for the awarded projects, and that we and our customers will reach agreement on and execute contracts for the awarded projects. We are not always able to enter into a contract for an awarded project on the terms proposed. As a result, we may not receive all of the revenues that we include in the awarded projects component of our backlog or that we estimate we will receive under awarded projects. If we do not receive all of the revenue we currently expect to receive, our future operating results will be adversely affected. In addition, a delay in the receipt of 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 revenues, even if such revenues are eventually received, may cause our operating results for a particular quarter to fall below our expectations. 
 If we are not able to complete, perform or operate our projects on a profitable basis or as we have committed to our customers, we could become subject to liquidated damages, and our reputation and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Development, installation, and construction of our energy efficiency and renewable energy projects, and operation of our renewable energy projects, entails many risks, including: 
 failure or delays in receiving components and equipment that meet our requirements, 
 failure or delays in obtaining all necessary rights to land access and use, 
 failure or delays in receiving quality performance of contractors and other third-party service providers, 
 increases (including as a result of inflation) in the cost of labor, equipment, and commodities needed to construct or operate projects, 
 failure or delays in obtaining permitting and addressing other regulatory issues, license revocation, and changes in legal requirements, 
 failure or delays in obtaining other governmental support or approvals, or in overcoming objections from members of the public or adjoining land owners; 
 shortages of equipment or skilled labor, 
 unforeseen engineering problems, 
 failure of a customer to accept or pay for renewable energy that we supply, 
 weather interferences, catastrophic events including fires, explosions, earthquakes, droughts, and acts of terrorism; and accidents involving personal injury or the loss of life, 
 environmental, archaeological or geological conditions 
 health or similar issues, a pandemic, or epidemic, such as COVID-19, 
 labor disputes and work stoppages, 
 mishandling of hazardous substances and waste, and other events outside of our control. 
 Any of these factors could give rise to construction delays, costs in excess of our expectations or cause us not to meet commitments given to our customers. We have, for example, experienced disruptions in development, installation and construction as a result of supply chain and logistics challenges, COVID-19 and the related quarantines, facility closures, and we may continue to experience such disruptions. In addition, the impacts of climate change have caused us to experience more frequent and severe weather interferences which has impacted our construction timelines, and this trend may continue . Furthermore, while the passage of the Inflation Reduction Act IRA may increase the demand for our service and project offerings, it may also increase demand and cost for labor, equipment and commodities needed for our projects. These factors and events could prevent us from completing construction of our projects, cause defaults under our financing agreements or under contracts that require completion of project construction by a certain time, give rise to liquidated damages or penalties, cause projects to be unprofitable for us, or otherwise impair our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 For example, our Turnkey Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Maintenance Agreement and the underlying purchase orders dated as of October 21, 2021 (the SCE Agreement with SCE obligated us to achieve certain substantial completion milestone dates for the facilities no later than August 1, 2022, and for at least two years thereafter meet specified availability and capacity guarantees. In 2022, SCE instructed us to adjust the project schedule into 2023. As previously disclosed, we made force majeure claims under the SCE Agreement as battery supply delays resulting from COVID-19 lockdowns in several regions around China, newly implemented Chinese transportation safety policies and related supply chain delays impacted our ability to achieve the August 1, 2022 completion date. We are in ongoing discussions with SCE about the applicability of force majeure relief to the project delays. If we fail to satisfy certain milestone obligations, fail to come to an agreement with SCE of appropriate extensions of these milestones and force majeure relief, or fail to meet the availability and capacity guarantees, we may be subject to liquidated damages and under certain circumstances SCE may have a right to terminate the agreement.The requirement to pay liquidated damages or the loss of business from SCE could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business or results of operations. 
 A significant decline in the fiscal health of federal, state, provincial, and local governments could reduce demand for our energy efficiency and renewable energy projects. 
 Historically, including for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 46 and 67 , respectively, of our revenues have been derived from sales to federal, state, provincial, or local governmental entities, including public housing authorities, public universities, and municipal utilities. We expect revenues from this market sector to continue to comprise a significant percentage of our revenues for the foreseeable future. A significant decline in the fiscal health of these existing and potential customers may make it difficult for them to enter into contracts for our services or to obtain financing necessary to fund such contracts, or may 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 cause them to seek to renegotiate or terminate existing agreements with us. In addition, if there is a partial or full shutdown of any federal, state, provincial or local governing body this may adversely impact our financial performance. 
 
 Provisions in our government contracts may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 A significant majority of our fully-contracted backlog and awarded projects is attributable to customers that are governmental entities. Our contracts with the federal government and its agencies, and with state, provincial, and local governments, customarily contain provisions that give the government substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts, including provisions that allow the government to: 
 terminate existing contracts, in whole or in part, for any reason or no reason, 
 reduce or modify contracts or subcontracts, 
 decline to award future contracts if actual or apparent organizational conflicts of interest are discovered, or to impose organizational conflict mitigation measures as a condition of eligibility for an award, 
 suspend or debar the contractor from doing business with the government or a specific government agency, and 
 pursue criminal or civil remedies under the False Claims Act, False Statements Act, and similar remedy provisions unique to government contracting. 
 Under general principles of government contracting law, if the government terminates a contract for convenience, the terminated company may recover only its incurred or committed costs, settlement expenses, and profit on work completed prior to the termination. If the government terminates a contract for default, the defaulting company is entitled to recover costs incurred and associated profits on accepted items only and may be liable for excess costs incurred by the government in procuring undelivered items from another source. In most of our contracts with the federal government, the government has agreed to make a payment to us in the event that it terminates the agreement early. The termination payment is designed to compensate us for the cost of construction plus financing costs and profit on the work completed. 
 In ESPCs for governmental entities, the methodologies for computing energy savings may be less favorable than for non-governmental customers and may be modified during the contract period. We may be liable for price reductions if the projected savings cannot be substantiated. In addition to the right of the federal government to terminate its contracts with us, federal government contracts are conditioned upon the continuing approval by Congress of the necessary spending to honor such contracts. Congress often appropriates funds for a program on a September 30 fiscal-year basis even though contract performance may take more than one year. Consequently, at the beginning of many major Governmental programs, contracts often may not be fully funded, and additional monies are then committed to the contract only if, as and when appropriations are made by Congress for future fiscal years. Similar practices are likely to also affect the availability of funding for our contracts with Canadian, as well as state, provincial, and local government entities. If one or more of our government contracts were terminated or reduced, or if appropriations for the funding of one or more of our contracts is delayed or terminated, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 The projects we undertake for our customers generally require significant capital, which our customers or we may finance through third parties, and such financing may not be available to our customers or to us on favorable terms, if at all. 
 Our projects for customers are typically financed by third parties. For small-scale renewable energy plants that we own, as well as certain larger projects for customers, such as the battery storage project with SCE, we typically rely on a combination of our working capital and debt to finance construction costs. If we or our customers are unable to raise funds on acceptable terms when needed or if we do not have sufficient working capital or availability under our existing financing arrangements, we may be unable to secure customer contracts, the size of contracts we do obtain may be smaller or we could be required to delay the development and construction of projects, reduce the scope of those projects or otherwise restrict our operations. Delays in customer projects could also subject us to claims by customers. Furthermore, the terms of financing arrangements that we may enter into, including increases in interest rates as compared to historical rates, have in the past and c ould in the future impact the profitability of our projects. In addition, any inability by us or our customers to raise the funds necessary to finance our projects or construction costs could materially harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Project development or construction activities may require us to make significant investments without first obtaining project financing or having final customer contracts, which could increase our costs and impair our ability to recover our investments. 
 We are at times required to spend significant sums for preliminary engineering, permitting, legal and other expenses before we can determine whether a projec t is feasible, economically attractive, or capable of being built. We will often choose to bear the costs of such efforts prior to obtaining project financing, prior to getting final regulatory approval and prior to our final sale to a customer, if any. We have for example in the past commenced, and may in the future commence, development of certain projects, such as battery and solar projects, prior to having entered into final binding contracts with the customer. 
 We expect to invest a significant amount of capital to develop projects whether owned by us or by third parties. If we are unable to complete the development of a project or enter into contracts with the customer, we may write-down or write-off some or all of 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 these capitalized investments, which would have an adverse impact on our net income in the period in which the loss is recognized and could have an adverse impact our ability to finance our operations. 
 We are exposed to the credit risk of some of our customers. 
 Most of our revenues are derived under multi-year or long-term contracts with our customers, and our revenues are therefore dependent to a large extent on the creditworthiness of our customers. During periods of economic downturn, our exposure to credit risks from our customers increases, and our efforts to monitor and mitigate the associated risks may not be effective in reducing our credit risks. Our reliance on one or a few customers for a material portion of our revenue further exacerbates this risk. In the event of non-payment by one or more of our customers, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business is affected by seasonal trends and construction cycles, and these trends and cycles could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
 We are subject to seasonal fluctuations and construction cycles, particularly in climates that experience colder weather during the winter months, such as the northern United States and Canada, and climates that experience extreme weather events, such as wildfires, storms, or flooding, or at educational institutions, where large projects are typically carried out during summer months when their facilities are unoccupied. In addition, government customers, many of which have fiscal years that do not coincide with ours, typically follow annual procurement cycles and appropriate funds on a fiscal-year basis even though contract performance may take more than one year. Further, government contracting cycles can be affected by the timing of, and delays in, the legislative process related to government programs and incentives that help drive demand for energy efficiency and renewable energy projects. As a result, our revenues and operating income in the third and fourth quarter are typically higher, and our revenues and operating income in the first quarter are typically lower, than in other quarters of the year. As a result of such fluctuations, we may occasionally experience declines in revenue or earnings as compared to the immediately preceding quarter, and comparisons of our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. 
 
 Failure of third parties to manufacture quality products or provide reliable services in a timely manner or at prices that are acceptable to us could cause delays in the delivery of our services and completion of our projects, which could damage our reputation, have a negative impact on our relationships with our customers and adversely affect our growth. 
 Our success depends on our ability to provide services and complete projects in a timely manner, which in part depends on the ability of third parties to provide us with timely and reliable products and services at acceptable prices. In providing our services and completing our projects, we rely on products that meet our design specifications and components manufactured and supplied by third parties, as well as on services performed by subcontractors. We also rely on subcontractors to perform substantially all of the construction and installation work related to our projects; and we often need to engage subcontractors with whom we have no experience for our projects. We, our subcontractors and other third parties have been impacted by the global supply chain delays as well as restrictions imposed because of the COVID-19 pandemic. This has resulted in and may continue to result in delays in our ability to provide our services and complete our projects in a timely manner. In addition, some of the third parties we engage for our design, construction and operation projects operate internationally and our reliance on their products and services may be impacted by economic, political, and labor conditions in those regions as well as the uncertainty caused by the evolving relations between the United States and these regions, including China. 
 If any of our subcontractors are unable to provide services that meet or exceed our customers expectations or satisfy our contractual commitments, our reputation, business and operating results could be harmed. In addition, if we are unable to avail ourselves of warranty and other contractual protections with providers of products and services, we may incur liability to our customers or additional costs related to the affected products and components, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. Moreover, any delays, malfunctions, inefficiencies, or interruptions in these products or services could adversely affect the quality and performance of our solutions and require considerable expense to establish alternate sources for such products and services. This could cause us to experience difficulty retaining current customers and attracting new customers, and could harm our brand, reputation, growth, and operating results. 
 We may have liability to our customers un der our ESPCs if our projects fail to deliver the energy use reductions to which we are committed under the contract. 
 For our energy efficiency projects, we typically enter into ESPCs under which we commit that the projects will satisfy agreed-upon performance standards appropriate to the project. These commitments are typically structured as guarantees of increased energy efficiency that are based on the design, capacity, efficiency, or operation of the specific equipment and systems we install. Our commitments generally fall into three categories: pre-agreed, equipment-level and whole building-level. Under a pre-agreed efficiency commitment, our customer reviews the project design in advance and agrees that, upon or shortly after completion of installation of the specified equipment comprising the project, the pre-agreed increase in energy efficiency will have been met. Under an equipment-level commitment, we commit to a level of increased energy efficiency based on the difference in use measured first with the existing equipment and then with the replacement equipment upon completion of installation. A whole 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 building-level commitment requires future measurement and verification of increased energy efficiency for a whole building, often based on readings of the utility meter where usage is measured. Depending on the project, the measurement and verification may be required only once, upon installation, based on an analysis of one or more sample installations, or may be required to be repeated at agreed upon intervals generally over periods of up to 25 years. 
 Under our contracts, we typically do not take responsibility for a wide variety of factors outside our control and exclude or adjust for such factors in commitment calculations. These factors include variations in energy prices and utility rates, weather, facility occupancy schedules, the amount of energy-using equipment in a facility, and failure of the customer to operate or maintain the project properly. We rely in part on warranties from our equipment suppliers and subcontractors to back-stop the warranties we provide to our customers and, where appropriate, pass on the warranties to our customers. However, the warranties we provide to our customers are sometimes broader in scope or longer in duration than the corresponding warranties we receive from our suppliers and subcontractors, and we bear the risk for any differences, as well as the risk of warranty default by our suppliers and subcontractors. 
 Typically, our performance commitments apply to the aggregate overall performance of a project rather than to individual energy efficiency measures. Therefore, to the extent an individual measure underperforms, it may be offset by other measures that overperform during the same period. In the event that an energy efficiency project does not perform according to the agreed-upon specifications, our agreements typically allow us to satisfy our obligation by adjusting or modifying the installed equipment, installing additional measures to provide substitute energy savings, or paying the customer for lost energy savings based on the assumed conditions specified in the agreement. However, we may incur additional or increased liabilities or expenses under our ESPCs in the future. Such liabilities or expenses could be substantial, and they could materially harm our business, financial condition, or operating results. In addition, any disputes with a customer over the extent to which we bear responsibility to improve performance or make payments to the customer may diminish our prospects for future business from that customer or damage our reputation in the marketplace. 
 We may assume responsibility under customer contracts for factors outside our control, including, in connection with some customer projects, the risk that fuel prices will increase. 
 We typically do not take responsibility under our contracts for a wide variety of factors outside our control. We have, however, in a limited number of contracts assumed some level of risk and responsibility for certain factors sometimes only to the extent that variations exceed specified thresholds and may also do so under certain contracts in the future, particularly in our contracts for renewable energy projects. For example, under a contract for the construction and operation of a cogeneration facility at the U.S. Department of Energy Savannah River Site in South Carolina, a subsidiary of ours is exposed to the risk that the price of the biomass that will be used to fuel the cogeneration facility may rise during the 19-year performance period of the contract. Several provisions in that contract mitigate the price risk. In addition, although we typically structure our contracts so that our obligation to supply a customer with biogas, electricity or steam, for example, does not exceed the quantity produced by the production facility, in some circumstances we commit to supply a customer with specified minimum quantities based on our projections of the facility s production capacity. In such circumstances, if we are unable to meet such commitments, we may be required to incur additional costs or face penalties. Despite the steps we have taken to mitigate risks under these and other contracts, such steps may not be sufficient to avoid the need to incur increased costs to satisfy our commitments, and such costs could be material. Increased costs that we are unable to pass through to our customers could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 
 Our business depends on experienced and skilled personnel and substantial specialty subcontractor resources, and if we lose key personnel or if we are unable to attract and integrate additional skilled personnel, it will be more difficult for us to manage our business and complete projects. 
 The success of our business and construction projects depends in large part on the skill of our personnel and on trade labor resources, including with certain specialty subcontractor skills. Competition for personnel, particularly those with expertise in the energy services and renewable energy industries, is hig h and may intensify with the IRA driving more demand for clean energy product and service offerings and as such demand for skilled personnel in the industry. In the event we are unable to attract, hire and retain the requisite personnel and subcontractors, we may experience delays in compl eting projects in accordance with project schedules and budgets. Further, any increase in demand for personnel and specialty subcontractors may result in higher costs, causing us to exceed the budget on a project. Either of these circumstances may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results, harm our reputation among and relationships with our customers and cause us to curtail our pursuit of new projects. 
 Our future success is particularly dependent on the vision, skills, experience, and effort of our senior management team, including our executive officers and our founder, principal stockholder, president, and chief executive officer, George P. Sakellaris. If we were to lose the services of any of our executive officers or key employees, our ability to effectively manage our operations and implement our strategy could be harmed and our business may suffer. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We have been and may continue to be impacted by macroeconomic conditions such as supply chain challenges, a shortfall of certain products needed for our business, and inflationary pressures. 
 Global trade conditions that originated during the COVID-19 pandemic continue to persist and have been exacerbated by the war in Ukraine. These conditions may also have long-lasting adverse impact on us and our industries independently of the progress of the pandemic. For example, pandemic-related issues have exacerbated port congestion and intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays, resulting in additional expenses to expedite delivery of critical equipment. These conditions, combined with an increased demand for certain products needed for our business, such as lithium-ion battery cells and solar panels has created a shortfall of and increased costs for these products, which has caused challenges and delays in our projects and may impact the profitability of our projects. We cannot predict the duration or direction of current global trends or their sustained impact or how the COVID-19 pandemic may evolve and impact our business. If we experience unfavorable global market conditions, our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results may be harmed. 
 For example, we are dependent on the continued supply of lithium-ion battery cells for our energy storage products, and we will require substantially more cells to grow our battery storage business based on our current plans. Currently, we rely on limited number of suppliers for these cells. Any disruption in the supply of battery cells from our suppliers could limit our growth for projects involving battery energy storage. In addition, the cost and mass production of battery cells, depends in part upon the prices and availability of raw materials such as lithium, nickel, cobalt and/or other metals. The prices for these materials fluctuate and their available supply may be unstable, depending on market conditions, regulation and global demand for these materials. As a result of increased global production of energy storage products and electric vehicles, suppliers of these raw materials may be unable to meet our volume or timing needs. Any reduced availability of these materials may adversely impact our access to battery cells and our growth, and any increases in their prices may reduce our profitability if we cannot recoup such costs in our project pricing. Moreover, our inability to meet demand may harm our brand, growth, prospects and operating results. 
 A failure of our information technology IT and data security infrastructure or cyber or other security incidents, vulnerabilities or other deficiencies, could adversely impact our business, reputation or results of operation or could cause us to default under our contractual obligations. 
 We rely upon the capacity, reliability, and security of our IT and data security infrastructure and our ability to expand and continua lly update this infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. Our existing systems or any new ones we implement may not perform as expected face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing necessary upgrades. If we experience a problem with the functioning or a security breach of our IT systems, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business. We receive and store personal information in connection with our human resources operations and other aspects of our business. Despite our implementation of security measures, our IT systems are vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access, cyber-attacks, and other similar disruptions, and we have experienced such incidents in the past. Any system failure, accident, or security breach could result in disruptions to our operations. A material network breach in the security of our IT systems could include the theft of our intellectual property, trade secrets, customer information, human resources information, or other confidential matter. 
 We have been subject to and may in the future experience cybersecurity threats, including advanced and persistent cyberattacks, phishing and social engineering schemes, particularly on internet applications. Such cyber and other security threats could compromise the assets we own and operate or data in our systems . In addition, cybersecurity incidents at our vendors, customers and partners may have similar negative impact on our business operations. For example, we engage third-party vendors who receive and store personal and sensitive information in connection with our operations, including our human resources functions such as background checks. We do not have control over or access to the IT infrastructure of these vendors. Our vendors have and may in the future experience network breaches and other cyberattacks. In such instances, we are not be able to fully investigate the incidents and may not be able to implement measures to defend such attacks. Furthermore, third-party vendors may not notify us of such incidents timely or at all, making it more difficult for us to identify and mitigate cybersecurity risks. Although we devote resources to our cybersecurity programs and have implemented security measures to protect our assets, systems and data, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent these threats. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, to disable or degrade systems, and to generate cyber attacks change frequently, have become increasingly more sophisticated, and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may not anticipate these acts or respond adequately or timely. 
 As these threats continue to evolve and increase, we may be required to devote significant additional resources in order to protect against these attacks and to identify and remediate any security vulnerabilities. To the extent that any attacks, disruptions or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, or an inappropriate disclosure of information, or adversely impact the assets we own or operate , it could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers and employees, lead to claims against us and ultimately harm our business and operating results. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 If we cannot obtain surety bonds and letters of credit, our ability to operate may be restricted. 
 Federal and state laws require us to secure the performance of certain long-term obligations through surety bonds and letters of credit. In addition, we are occasionally required to provide bid bonds or performance bonds to secure our performance under energy efficiency contracts. In the future, we may have difficulty procuring or maintaining surety bonds or letters of credit, and obtaining them may become more expensive, require us to post cash collateral or otherwise involve unfavorable terms. Because we are sometimes required to have performance bonds or letters of credit in place before projects can commence or continue, our failure to obtain or maintain those bonds and letters of credit would adversely affect our ability to begin and complete projects, and thus could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry, and our current or future competitors may be able to compete more effectively than we do, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, growth rates, and market share. 
 Our industry is highly competitive, with many companies of varying size and business models, many of which have their own proprietary technologies, competing for the same business as we do. Many of our competitors have longer operating histories and greater resources than us and could focus their substantial financial resources to develop a competitive advantage, others may be smaller and able to adapt to the constantly changing demand of the market more quickly. The passage of the IRA and the opportunities it brings could intensify competition in our industry. Our competitors may also offer energy solutions at prices below cost, devote significant sales forces to competing with us or attempt to recruit our key personnel by increasing compensation, any of which could improve their competitive positions. Any of these competitive factors could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain customers, cause us to lower our prices in order to compete, and reduce our market share and revenues, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. We can provide no assurance that we will continue to effectively compete against our current competitors or additional companies that may enter our markets. In addition, we may also face competition based on technological developments that reduce demand for electricity, increase power supplies through existing infrastructure or otherwise compete with our products and services. We also encounter competition in the form of potential customers electing to develop solutions or perform services internally rather than engaging an outside provider such as us. 
 
 Our small-scale renewable energy plants may not generate expected levels of output. 
 The small-scale renewable energy plants that we construct and own are subject to various operating risks that may cause them to generate less than expected amounts of processed biogas, electricity, or thermal energy. These risks include a failure or degradation of our, our customers or utilities equipment; an inability to find suitable replacement equipment or parts; less than expected supply of the plant s source of renewable energy, downtime to our plants based such as biogas or biomass ; or a faster than expected diminishment of such supply. For example, in 2022 we had to undertake some unscheduled maintenance at some of our RNG plants impacting the energy output from such plants. Any extended interruption in the plant s operation, or failure of the plant for any reason to generate the expected amount of output, could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. In addition, we have in the past, and could in the future, incur material asset impairment charges if any of our renewable energy plants incur operational issues that indicate that our expected future cash flows from the plant are less than its carrying value. Any such impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on our operating results in the period in which the charge is recorded. 
 
 We have not entered into long-term offtake agreements for a portion of the output from our small-scale renewable energy plants and a portion of the related renewable identification numbers RINs are not subject to long term contracts. 
 We have not entered into long-term offtake agreements for a portion of the output from our small-scale renewable energy plants, particularly RNG and non-RNG plants, and we may sell portions of the processed RNG, medium-BTU gas or electricity produced by the facility at wholesale prices, which are exposed to market fluctuations and risks. Similarly, we have not entered into long-term agreements with respect to the RINs for which the production and sale of such biofuel may qualify. The failure to sell such processed RNG, medium-BTU gas, electricity, or the related RINs at a favorable price, or at all could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 
 We may not be able to replace expiring offtake agreements with contracts on similar terms. If we are unable to replace an expired offtake agreement with an acceptable new contract, we may be required to remove the small-scale renewable energy plant from the site or, alternatively, we may sell the assets to the customer. 
 We may not be able to replace an expiring offtake agreement with a contract on equivalent terms and conditions, including at prices that permit operation of the related facility on a profitable basis. If we are unable to replace an expiring offtake agreement with an acceptable new revenue contract, the affected site may temporarily or permanently cease operations or we may be required to sell the power produced by the facility at wholesale prices which are exposed to market fluctuations and risks. In the case of a solar photovoltaic installation that ceases operations, the offtake agreement terms generally require that we remove the assets, including fixing or reimbursing the site owner for any damages caused by the assets or the removal of such assets. Alternatively, we may agree to sell the assets to the site owner, but the terms and conditions, including price, that we would 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 receive in any sale, and the sale price may not be sufficient to replace the revenue previously generated by the small-scale renewable energy plant. 
 
 Operation of energy assets involves significant risks and hazards customary to the energy industry and may be further impacted by the effects of climate change. We may not have adequate insurance to cover these risks and hazards, or other risks beyond our control. 
 Hazards such as fire, explosion, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in our operations. These and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment and contamination of, or damage to, the environment. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in curtailment of our operations or liability to third parties for damages, environmental cleanup costs, personal injury, property damage and fines and/or penalties, any of which could be substantial. Strategic targets, such as energy-related facilities, may also be at greater risk of hostile cyber intrusions or other security attacks, including those targeting information systems as well as electronic control systems. Such events could severely disrupt business operations and result in loss of service to customers, as well as create significant expense to repair security breaches or system damage. 
 
 Furthermore, certain of our facilities, projects and suppliers are located in or operate operations in locations that are susceptible to natural disasters. The frequency of weather-related natural disasters may be increasing due to climate change. The occurrence of a natural disaster, such as tornados, earthquakes, droughts, floods, wildfires or localized extended outages of critical utilities or transportation systems, or any critical resource shortages, affecting us could cause a significant interruption in our business or damage or destroy our facilities. While we maintain insurance to protect against these and other risks, some of these events may be excluded from insurance coverage or our coverage may not be sufficient against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. Insurance may also not continue to be available at all or at rates or on terms similar to those presently available. Any losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We plan to expand our business in part through future acquisitions and joint ventures, but we may not be able to identify or complete suitable acquisitions. 
 Historically, acquisitions have been a significant part of our growth strategy. We plan to continue to use acquisitions of companies or assets and co-investments with third parties using joint ventures to expand our project skill-sets and capabilities, expand our geographic markets, add experienced management, increase our product and service offerings and add to our energy producing asset portfolio. However, we may be unable to implement this growth strategy if we cannot identify suitable acquisition or joint venture candidates or partners, reach agreement with targets on acceptable terms or arrange required financing for acquisitions or joint ventures on acceptable terms. In addition, the time and effort involved in identifying acquisition or joint venture candidates and consummate transactions may divert the attention and efforts of members of our management from the operations of our company. 
 
 We may be required to write-off or impair capitalized costs or intangible assets in the future, or we may incur restructuring costs or other charges, each of which could harm our earnings. 
 In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, we capitalize certain expenditures and advances relating to our acquisitions, pending acquisitions, project development costs, interest costs related to project financing and certain energy assets. In addition, we have considerable unamortized assets. From time to time in future periods, we may be required to incur a charge against earnings in an amount equal to any unamortized capitalized expenditures and advances, net of any portion thereof that we estimate will be recoverable, through sale or otherwise, relating to: (i) any operation or other asset that is being sold, permanently shut down, impaired or has not generated or is not expected to generate sufficient cash flow; (ii) any pending acquisition that is not consummated; (iii) any project that is not expected to be successfully completed; and (iv) any goodwill or other intangible assets that are determined to be impaired. 
 In response to such charges and costs and other market factors, we may be required to implement restructuring plans in an effort to reduce the size and cost of our operations and to better match our resources with our market opportunities. As a result of such actions, we would expect to incur restructuring expenses and accounting charges which may be material. Several factors could cause a restructuring to adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. These include potential disruption of our operations, the development of our small-scale renewable energy projects and other aspects of our business. Employee morale and productivity could also suffer and result in unintended employee attrition. Any restructuring would require substantial management time and attention and may divert management from other important work. Moreover, we could encounter delays in executing any restructuring plans, which could cause further disruption and additional unanticipated expense. See also Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net , to our consolidated financial statements appearing in Item 8 of this Report. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Any future acquisitions that we may make could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders and harm our business, financial condition or operating results, and our use of joint ventures could expose us to additional risks and liabilities. 
 If we are successful in consummating acquisitions, those acquisitions could subject us to a number of risks, including: 
 the purchase price we pay could significantly deplete our cash reserves or result in dilution to our existing stockholders, 
 we may find that the acquired company or assets do not improve our customer offerings or market position as planned, 
 we may have difficulty integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired company, 
 key personnel and customers of the acquired company may terminate their relationships with the acquired company as a result of the acquisition, 
 we may experience additional financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as tax planning and financial reporting, 
 we may incur additional costs and expenses related to complying with additional laws, rules or regulations in new jurisdictions, 
 we may assume or be held liable for risks and liabilities (including for environmental-related costs) as a result of our acquisitions, some of which we may not discover during our due diligence or adequately adjust for in our acquisition arrangements, 
 our ongoing business and management s attention may be disrupted or diverted by transition or integration issues and the complexity of managing geographically or culturally diverse enterprises, 
 we may incur one-time write-offs or restructuring charges in connection with the acquisition, 
 we may acquire goodwill and other intangible assets that are subject to amortization or impairment tests, which could result in future charges to earnings, and 
 we may not be able to realize the cost savings or other financial benefits we anticipated. 
 We own, and in the future may acquire or establish, operating or development projects in joint ventures. Joint ventures inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations. Our joint venture partners may have economic and business interests that are inconsistent with ours, we may lack sole decision-making authority, and disputes between us and our joint venture partners could subject us to delays, litigation and increased expenses. Some of our joint venture projects may be capital intensive and if our joint venture partner does not contribute capital they are required to, this could result in delays in our development projects and increased our capital expenditures. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 International expansion is one of our growth strategies, and international operations will expose us to additional risks that we do not face in the United States, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
 We generate a portion of our revenues from operations outside of the United States, mainly in Canada and the United Kingdom. International expansion is one of our growth strategies, and we expect our revenues and operations outside of the United States will expand in the future. These operations will be subject to a variety of risks that we do not face in the United States, and that we may face only to a limited degree in Canada and the United Kingdom, including: 
 building and managing a highly experienced foreign workforce and overseeing and ensuring the performance of foreign subcontractors, 
 increased travel, infrastructure and legal and compliance costs associated with multiple international locations, 
 additional withholding taxes or other taxes on our foreign income, and tariffs or other restrictions on foreign trade or investment, 
 imposition of, or unexpected adverse changes in, foreign laws or regulatory requirements, many of which differ from those in the United States, 
 increased exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk, 
 longer payment cycles for sales in some foreign countries and potential difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable, 
 difficulties in repatriating overseas earnings, 
 international and regional economic, political and labor conditions in the countries in which we operate, including the uncertainty caused by the evolving relations between the United States and China, and other geopolitical tensions; and 
 political unrest, war, incidents of terrorism, pandemics, or responses to such events, including fluctuations in the severity and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting restrictions on business activity which may vary significantly by region. 
 Our overall success in international markets will depend, in part, on our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social, and political conditions. We may not be successful in developing and implementing policies and strategies that will be effective in managing these risks in each country where we do business. Our failure to manage these risks successfully could harm our international operations, reduce our international sales, and increase our costs, thus adversely affecting our business, financial condition and operating results. Some of our third-party business partners have international operations and are also subject to these risks and if our third-party business partners are unable to appropriately manage these risks, our business may be harmed. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Risks related to Regulations or Governmental Actions 
 
 Our business depends in part on federal, state, provincial and local government support for energy efficiency and renewable energy, and a decline in such support or the imposition of additional taxes, tariffs, duties, or other assessments on renewable energy or the equipment necessary to generate or deliver it, could harm our business. 
 We depend in part on legislation and government policies that support energy efficiency and renewable energy projects that enhance the economic feasibility of our energy efficiency services and small-scale renewable energy projects. This support includes legislation and regulations that authorize and regulate the manner in which certain governmental entities do business with us; encourage or subsidize governmental procurement of our services; encourage or in some cases require other customers to procure power from renewable or low-emission sources, to reduce their electricity use or otherwise to procure our services; and provide us with tax and other incentives that reduce our costs or increase our revenues. In addition, the U.S. government generally has not taken action to materially burden the international supply chain, which has been important to the development of renewable energy facilities at acceptable prices. Any reductions or modifications to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives or policies that support renewable energy or the imposition of additional taxes, tariffs, duties or other assessments on renewable energy or the equipment necessary to generate or deliver it, could result in, among other things, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development and/or financing of renewable energy projects, or adversely impact our ability to complete projects for existing customers and obtain project commitments from new customers. For example, antidumping and countervailing duty rates could be put in place as a result of the U.S. Department of Commerce's investigation into an antidumping and countervailing duties circumvention claim on solar cells and panels supplied from Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand and Cambodia and the trade restrictions imposed by the US government on Chinese entities determined to be acting contrary to U.S. foreign policy and national security interests, including the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, which, with limited exception, prohibits the importation of all goods or articles mined or produced in whole or in part in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region could increase the overall cost of our product offerings and reduce our ability to offer competitive pricing in certain markets. Although we maintain policies and procedures to maintain compliance with all governmental laws and regulations, these and other similar trade restrictions that may be imposed against Chinese entities in the future may have the effect of restricting the global supply of, and raising prices for supplies needed for our business, such as polysilicon and solar products, batteries, and semiconductors. Due to the uncertainty in the regulatory and legislative processes, we cannot determine the effect any such legislation and regulation may have on our products and operations. 
 
 A substantial portion of our earnings are derived from the sale of renewable energy certificates RECs and other environmental attributes, and our failure to be able to sell such attributes could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 A substantial portion of our earnings are attributable to our sale of renewable energy certificates RECs and other environmental attributes generated by our energy assets. These attributes are used as compliance purposes for state-specific or U.S. federal policy. We own and operate solar PV installations which derive a significant portion of their revenues from the sale of solar renewable energy certificates SRECs ), which are produced as a result of generating electricity. The value of these SRECs is determined by the supply and demand of SRECs in the states in which the solar PV installations are installed. Supply is driven by the amount of installations and demand is driven by state-specific laws relating to renewable portfolio standards. 
 We also own and operate renewable natural gas plants that may deliver biofuels into to the nation s natural gas pipeline grid. Such biofuel may qualify for certain environmental attribute mechanisms, such as RINs which are used for compliance purposes under the Renewable Fuel Standard RFS program. The RFS is a U.S. federal policy that requires transportation fuel to contain a minimum volume of renewable fuel. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA administers the RFS program and may periodically undertake regulatory action involving the RFS, including annual volume standards for renewable fuel. Some of our biofuel may also qualify for various state incentives, such as the Low Carbon Fuel Standard LCFS ), the pricing or availability of which may fluctuate. 
 We sometimes seek to sell forward a portion of our SRECs and other environmental attributes under contracts to fix the revenues from those attributes for financing purposes or hedge against future declines in prices of such environmental attributes. If our renewable energy facilities do not generate the amount of renewable energy attributes sold under such forward contracts or if for any reason the renewable energy we generate does not produce SRECs or other environmental attributes for a particular state, we may be required to make up the shortfall of SRECs or other environmental attributes under such forward contracts through purchases on the open market or make payments of liquidated damages. RECs are created through state law requirements for utilities to purchase a portion of their energy from renewable energy sources and changes in state laws or regulation relating to RECs may adversely affect the availability of RECs or other environmental attributes and the future prices for RECs or other environmental attributes, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities and our effective tax rate may increase or fluctuate, which could increase our income tax expense and reduce our net income and we may not be able to utilize the full value of tax credits and incentives 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 available under the IRA or may become subject to penalties if we fail to meet requirements for these credits and incentives. This may have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or regulations, particularly changes in tax incentives in support of energy efficiency. The IRA, which is effective for years after January 1, 2023, contains extended and expanded clean energy tax credits such as the Investment Tax Credit ITC ), the Production Tax Credit PTC ), and created other financial incentives designed to promote the development of certain domestic clean energy projects. In order to receive the full value of such credits and incentives, our projects must satisfy a number of requirements including prevailing wage and apprenticeship requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, the value of the credits may be limited, and we may become subject to financial penalties. Furthermore, until the Treasury Department and IRS issues additional guidance on which types of projects are eligible for the tax credits and incentives and how projects can demonstrate compliance with the requirements, we may not receive full value of the tax credits and incentives, which could increase our income tax expense, reduce our net income and impact the profitability of our projects. There is also uncertainly if IRA incentives may be cut back in the future. In addition, the timing of when assets are placed in service has in the past and could in the future impact our tax rate. If we experience unexpected delays in this timing, we may not be able to take advantage of the ITC as expected. If we are not able to utilize the ITC as expected this could have an adverse effect of our financial results. 
 
 Our tax rate has historically been significantly impacted by the IRC Section 179D deduction. This deduction is related to energy efficient improvements we provide under government contracts. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 made permanent the Section 179D Energy Efficient Commercial Building Deduction. That Act, along with the IRA, also made changes to the way the deduction is calculated. If those changes or clarifying guidance issued by the IRS result in lower levels of energy efficiency improvements, it could impact the deduction available and the tax rate. 
 In addition, like other companies, we may be subject to examination of our income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities; our U.S. federal tax returns for 2019 through 2022 are subject to audit by federal, state, and foreign tax authorities. Though we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes from such examinations and the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and tax reserves, there can be no assurance that such provision is sufficient and that a determination by a tax authority will not have an adverse effect on our net income. 
 Changes in the laws and regulations governing the public procurement of ESPCs could have a material impact on our business. 
 We derive a significant amount of our revenue from ESPCs with our government customers. While federal, state and local government rules governing such contracts vary, such rules may, for example, permit the funding of such projects through long-term financing arrangements; permit long-term payback periods from the savings realized through such contracts; allow units of government to exclude debt related to such projects from the calculation of their statutory debt limitation; allow for award of contracts on a best value instead of lowest cost basis; and allow for the use of sole source providers. To the extent these rules become more restrictive in the future, our business could be harmed. 
 
 We need governmental approvals and permits, and we typically must meet specified qualifications, in order to undertake our energy efficiency projects and construct, own and operate our small-scale renewable energy projects, and any failure to do so would harm our business. 
 The design, construction, and operation of our energy efficiency and small-scale renewable energy projects require various governmental approvals and permits and may be subject to the imposition of related conditions that vary by jurisdiction. In some cases, these approvals and permits require periodic renewal. We cannot predict whether all permits required for a given project will be granted or whether the conditions associated with the permits will be achievable. The denial of a permit essential to a project or the imposition of impractical conditions would impair our ability to develop the project. In addition, we cannot predict whether the permits will attract significant opposition or whether the permitting process will be lengthened due to complexities and appeals. Delay in the review and permitting process for a project can impair or delay our ability to develop that project or increase the cost so substantially that the project is no longer attractive to us. We have experienced delays in developing our projects due to delays in obtaining permits and may experience delays in the future. If we were to commence construction in anticipation of obtaining the final, non-appealable permits needed for that project, we would be subject to the risk of being unable to complete the project if all the permits were not obtained. If this were to occur, we would likely lose a significant portion of our investment in the project and could incur a loss as a result. Further, the continued operations of our projects require continuous compliance with permit conditions. This compliance may require capital improvements or result in reduced operations. Any failure to procure, maintain and comply with necessary permits would adversely affect ongoing development, construction and continuing operation of our projects. 
 In addition, the projects we perform for governmental agencies are governed by particular qualification and contracting regimes. Certain states require qualification with an appropriate state agency as a precondition to performing work or appearing as a qualified energy service provider for state, county, and local agencies within the state. For example, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the states of Colorado and Washington pre-qualify energy service providers and provide contract documents 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 that serve as the starting point for negotiations with potential governmental clients. Most of the work that we perform for the federal government is performed under IDIQ agreements between a government agency and us or a subsidiary. These IDIQ agreements allow us to contract with the relevant agencies to implement energy projects, but no work may be performed unless we and the agency agree on a task order or delivery order governing the provision of a specific project. The government agencies enter into contracts for specific projects on a competitive basis. We and our subsidiaries and affiliates are currently party to an IDIQ agreement with the U.S. Department of Energy expiring in 2026. We are also party to similar agreements with other federal agencies, including the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the U.S. General Services Administration. If we are unable to maintain or renew our IDIQ qualification under the U.S. Department of Energy program for ESPCs, or similar federal or state qualification regimes, our business could be materially harmed. 
 Many of our small-scale renewable energy projects are, and other future projects may be, subject to or affected by U.S. federal energy regulation or other regulations that govern the operation, ownership, and sale of the facility, or the sale of electricity from the facility. 
 PUHCA and the FPA regulate public utility holding companies and their subsidiaries and place constraints on the conduct of their business. The FPA regulates wholesale sales of electricity and the transmission of electricity in interstate commerce by public utilities. Under PURPA, all of our current small-scale renewable energy projects are small power qualifying facilities (facilities meeting statutory size, fuel, and filing requirements) that are exempt from regulations under PUHCA, most provisions of the FPA and state rate and financial regulation. None of our renewable energy projects are currently subject to rate regulation for wholesale power sales by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC under the FPA, but certain of our projects that are under construction or development could become subject to such regulation in the future. Also, we may acquire interests in or develop generating projects that are not qualifying facilities. Non-qualifying facility projects would be fully subject to FERC corporate and rate regulation, and would be required to obtain FERC acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of energy, capacity, and ancillary services, which requires substantial disclosures to and discretionary approvals from FERC. FERC may revoke or revise an entity s authorization to make wholesale sales at negotiated, or market-based, rates if FERC determines that we can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry or engage in abusive affiliate transactions or market manipulation. In addition, many public utilities (including any non-qualifying facility generator in which we may invest) are subject to FERC reporting requirements that impose administrative burdens and that, if violated, can expose the company to civil penalties or other risks. 
 All of our wholesale electric power sales are subject to certain market behavior rules. These rules change from time to time, by virtue of FERC rulemaking proceedings and FERC-ordered amendments to utilities or power pools FERC tariffs. If we are deemed to have violated these rules, we will be subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation and/or suspension or revocation of our market-based rate authority, as well as potential criminal and civil penalties. If we were to lose market-based rate authority for any non-qualifying facility project we may acquire or develop in the future, we would be required to obtain FERC s acceptance of a cost-based rate schedule and could become subject to, among other things, the burdensome accounting, record keeping and reporting requirements that are imposed on public utilities with cost-based rate schedules. This could have an adverse effect on the rates we charge for power from our projects and our cost of regulatory compliance. Wholesale electric power sales are subject to increasing regulation. The terms and conditions for power sales, and the right to enter and remain in the wholesale electric sector, are subject to FERC oversight. Due to major regulatory restructuring initiatives at the federal and state levels, the U.S. electric industry has undergone substantial changes over the past decade. We cannot predict the future design of wholesale power markets, or the ultimate effect ongoing regulatory changes will have on our business. Other proposals to further regulate the sector may be made and legislative or other attention to the electric power market restructuring process may delay or reverse the movement towards competitive markets. 
 If we become subject to additional regulation under PUHCA, FPA, or other regulatory frameworks, if existing regulatory requirements become more onerous, or if other material changes to the regulation of the electric power markets take place, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Changes in utility regulation and tariffs could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is affected by regulations and tariffs that govern the activities and rates of utilities. For example, utility companies are commonly allowed by regulatory authorities to charge fees to some business customers for disconnecting from the electric grid or for having the capacity to use power from the electric grid for back-up purposes. These fees could increase the cost to our customers of taking advantage of our services and make them less desirable, thereby harming our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our current generating projects are all operated as qualifying facilities. FERC regulations under the FPA confer upon these facilities key rights to interconnection with local utilities and can entitle qualifying facilities to enter into power purchase agreements with local utilities, from which the qualifying facilities benefit. Changes to these federal laws and regulations could increase our regulatory burdens and costs and could reduce our revenues. State regulatory agencies could award renewable energy certificates or credits that our electric generation facilities produce to our power purchasers, thereby reducing the power sales revenues we otherwise would earn. In addition, modifications to the pricing policies of utilities could require 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 renewable energy systems to charge lower prices in order to compete with the price of electricity from the electric grid and may reduce the economic attractiveness of certain energy efficiency measures. 
 Some of the demand-reduction services we provide for utilities and institutional clients are subject to regulatory tariffs imposed under federal and state utility laws. In addition, the operation of, and electrical interconnection for, our renewable energy projects are subject to federal, state, or provincial interconnection and federal reliability standards that are also set forth in utility tariffs. These tariffs specify rules, business practices, and economic terms to which we are subject. The tariffs are drafted by the utilities and approved by the utilities state and federal regulatory commissions. These tariffs change frequently, and it is possible that future changes will increase our administrative burden or adversely affect the terms and conditions under which we render service to our customers. 
 Compliance with environmental laws could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Costs of compliance with federal, state, provincial, local and other foreign existing and future environmental regulations could adversely affect our cash flow and profitability. We are required to comply with numerous environmental laws and regulations and to obtain numerous governmental permits in connection with energy efficiency and renewable energy projects. In addition, we may become subject to additional legislation and regulation regarding climate change, and we may incur significant additional costs to comply with existing and new requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we could be subject to civil or criminal liability, damages, and fines. Existing environmental regulations could be revised or reinterpreted, and new laws and regulations could be adopted or become applicable to us or our projects, and future changes in environmental laws and regulations, including those intended to combat climate change, could occur. These factors may materially increase the amount we must invest to bring our projects into compliance and impose additional expense on our operations. In addition, private lawsuits or enforcement actions by federal, state, provincial, and/or foreign regulatory agencies may materially increase our costs. Certain environmental laws make us potentially liable on a joint and several basis for the remediation of contamination at or emanating from properties or facilities we currently or formerly owned or operated or properties to which we arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances. Such liability is not limited to the cleanup of contamination we actually caused. Although we seek to obtain indemnities against liabilities relating to historical contamination at the facilities we own or operate, we cannot provide any assurance that we will not incur liability relating to the remediation of contamination, including contamination we did not cause. We may not be able to obtain or maintain, from time to time, all required environmental regulatory approvals. A delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals or failure to obtain and comply with them could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 Our activities and operations are subject to numerous health and safety laws and regulations, and if we violate such regulations, we could face penalties and fines . 
 We are subject to numerous health and safety laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. These laws and regulations require us to obtain and maintain permits and approvals and implement health and safety programs and procedures to control risks associated with our projects. Compliance with those laws and regulations can require us to incur substantial costs. Moreover, if our compliance programs are not successful, we could be subject to penalties or to revocation of our permits, which may require us to curtail or cease operations of the affected projects. Violations of laws, regulations and permit requirements may also result in criminal sanctions or injunctions. Health and safety laws, regulations and permit requirements may change or become more stringent. Any such changes could require us to incur materially higher costs than we currently have. Our costs of complying with current and future health and safety laws, regulations and permit requirements, and any liabilities, fines or other sanctions resulting from violations of them, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 We are subject to various privacy and consumer protection laws. 
 Our privacy policy is posted on our website, and any failure by us or our vendor or other business partners to comply with it or with federal, state, or international privacy, data protection or security laws or regulations could result in regulatory or litigation-related actions against us, legal liability, fines, damages and other costs. We may also incur substantial expenses and costs in connection with maintaining compliance with such laws. Globally, laws such as the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR in Europe and new and emerging state laws in the United States on privacy, data, and related technologies, have created new compliance obligations and significantly increases fines for noncompliance. Although we take steps to protect the security of our customers personal information, we may be required to expend significant resources to comply with data breach requirements if third parties improperly obtain and use the personal information of our customers or we otherwise experience a data loss with respect to customers personal information. A major breach of our network security and systems could have negative consequences for our business and future prospects, including possible fines, penalties and damages, reduced customer demand for our services, and harm to our reputation and brand. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to our Indebtedness 
 
 Our senior credit facility, project financing term loans and construction loans contain financial and operating restrictions that may limit our business activities and our access to credit and they may not be sufficient to fund our capital needs and growth. 
 Provisions in our senior credit facility and term loan, project financing term loans and construction loans impose customary restrictions on our and certain of our subsidiaries business activities and uses of cash and other collateral. These agreements also contain other customary covenants, including covenants that require us to meet specified financial ratios and financial tests. 
 We have a 200 million revolving senior secured credit facility and 75 million term loan that mature March 2025 as well as a 220 million delayed draw term loan that matures September 4, 2023 (collectively, the Senior Credit Facilities ), which are subject to the quarter end ratio covenant described below as well as certain other customary operational covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of our Senior Credit Facilities were 477.9 million. These Senior Credit Facilities may not be sufficient to meet our needs as our business grows, and we may be unable to extend or replace them on acceptable terms, or at all. Under these facilities, we are required to maintain a maximum ratio of total funded debt to EBITDA (as defined in the agreement) of less than 4.0 to 1.0 as of December 31, 2022 and 3.5 to 1.0 beginning with the quarter ending March 31, 2023. We are also required to maintain a debt service coverage ratio (as defined in the agreements) of at least 1.5 to 1.0. EBITDA for purposes of the facilities excludes the results of certain renewable energy projects that we own and for which financing from others remains outstanding and the results of our joint ventures. 
 In addition, our project financing term loans and construction loans require us to comply with a variety of financial and operational covenants. Although we do not consider it likely that we will fail to comply with any material covenants for the next twelve months, we cannot assure that we will be able to do so. Our failure to comply with these covenants may result in the declaration of an event of default and cause us to be unable to borrow under our Senior Credit Facilities. In addition to preventing additional borrowings under these facilities, an event of default, if not cured or waived, may result in the acceleration of the maturity of indebtedness outstanding under it or the applicable project financing term loan, which would require us to pay all amounts outstanding. If an event of default occurs, we may not be able to cure it within any applicable cure period, if at all. Certain of our debt agreements, including our Senior Credit Facilities, also contain subjective acceleration clauses based on a lender deeming that a material adverse change in our business has occurred. If these clauses are implicated, and the lender declares that an event of default has occurred, the outstanding indebtedness would likely be immediately due and owing. If the maturity of our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available for repayment or we may not have the ability to borrow or obtain sufficient funds to replace the accelerated indebtedness on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 If our subsidiaries default on their obligations under their debt instruments, we may need to make payments to lenders to prevent foreclosure on the collateral securing the debt. 
 We typically set up subsidiaries to own and finance our renewable energy projects. These subsidiaries incur various types of debt which can be used to finance one or more projects. This debt is typically structured as non-recourse debt, which means it is repayable solely from the revenues from the projects financed by the debt and is secured by such projects physical assets, major contracts and cash accounts and a pledge of our equity interests in the subsidiaries involved in the projects. Although our subsidiary debt is typically non-recourse to Ameresco, if a subsidiary of ours defaults on such obligations, or if one project out of several financed by a particular subsidiary s indebtedness encounters difficulties or is terminated, then we may from time to time determine to provide financial support to the subsidiary in order to maintain rights to the project or otherwise avoid the adverse consequences of a default. In the event a subsidiary defaults on its indebtedness, its creditors may foreclose on the collateral securing the indebtedness, which may result in our losing our ownership interest in some or all of the subsidiary s assets. The loss of our ownership interest in a subsidiary or some or all of a subsidiary s assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 The London interbank offered rate LIBOR calculation method under certain of our financing arrangements may change as LIBOR is expected to be phased out by June 2023. 
 Certain of our project financing term loans permit or require interest on the outstanding principal balance to be calculated based on LIBOR. After June 30, 2023, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA will no longer require banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR. As a result, actions by the FCA, other regulators, or law enforcement agencies may result in changes to the method by which LIBOR is calculated. While we have transitioned our senior credit facilities and some of our other financing arrangements from LIBOR, we still have financing arrangement that utilize LIBOR, and we cannot predict the effect of the FCA or any other reforms to LIBOR that may be enacted in the United Kingdom or elsewhere. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock is volatile. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock is volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations, some of which are beyond our control. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our Class A common stock has traded at a low of 40.73 and a high of 86.73. The stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of publicly traded companies. If the stock market in general experiences a significant decline, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition, or operating results. As a result of this volatility, you may not be able to sell your Class A common stock at or above the price you paid for it, and you may lose some or all of your investment. Additionally, although historically there has not been a large short position in our Class A common stock, securities of certain companies have recently experienced extreme and significant volatility as a result of a large aggregate short position driving up the stock price over a short period of time, which is known as a short squeeze. Furthermore, some companies that have had volatile market prices for their securities have had securities class actions filed against them. If a suit were filed against us, regardless of its merits or outcome, it would likely result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share, and holders of our Class B common stock are entitled to five votes per share. The lower voting power of our Class A common stock may negatively affect the attractiveness of our Class A common stock to investors and, as a result, its market value. 
 We have two classes of common stock: Class A common stock, which is listed on the NYSE and which is entitled to one vote per share, and Class B common stock, which is not listed on any security exchange and is entitled to five votes per share. The difference in the voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock could diminish the market value of our Class A common stock because of the superior voting rights of our Class B common stock and the power those rights confer. 
 
 For the foreseeable future, Mr. Sakellaris or his affiliates will be able to control the selection of all members of our board of directors, as well as virtually every other matter that requires stockholder approval, which will severely limit the ability of other stockholders to influence corporate matters. 
 Except in certain limited circumstances required by applicable law, holders of Class A and Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters to be voted on by our stockholders. Mr. Sakellaris, our founder, principal stockholder, president, and chief executive officer, owns all of our Class B common stock, which, together with his Class A common stock, represents approximately 74 of the combined voting power of our outstanding Class A and Class B common stock. Under our restated certificate of incorporation, holders of shares of Class B common stock may generally transfer those shares to family members, including spouses and descendants or the spouses of such descendants, as well as to affiliated entities, without having the shares automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock. Therefore, Mr. Sakellaris, his affiliates, and his family members and descendants will, for the foreseeable future, be able to control the outcome of the voting on virtually all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions such as an acquisition of our company, even if they come to own, in the aggregate, as little as 20 of the economic interest of the outstanding shares of our Class A and Class B common stock. Moreover, these persons may take actions in their own interests that you or our other stockholders do not view as beneficial. 
 
 Though we may repurchase shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program, we are not obligated to do so and if we do, we may purchase only a limited number of shares of Class A common stock. 
 In May 2016, we announced a stock repurchase program under which the Company is authorized to repurchase, in the aggregate, up to 17.6 million of our outstanding Class A common stock. However, we are not obligated to acquire any shares of our Class A common stock, and holders of our Class A common stock should not rely on the share repurchase program to increase their liquidity. The amount and timing of any share repurchases will depend upon a variety of factors, including the trading price of our Class A common stock, liquidity, securities laws restrictions, other regulatory restrictions, potential alternative uses of capital, and market and economic conditions. Any stock repurchase would be through open market transactions or in privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws and regulatory limitations. We may reduce or eliminate our share repurchase program in the future. The reduction or elimination of our share repurchase program, particularly if we do not repurchase the full number of shares authorized under the program, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Framingham, Massachusetts, where we occupy approximately 23,000 square feet under a lease expiring on June 30, 2025. We occupy regional offices in Phoenix, Arizona; Oak Brook, Illinois; Portland, Maine; Columbia, Maryland; Charlotte, North Carolina; Knoxville, Tennessee; Renton, Washington, Richmond Hill, Ontario; and London, England, each less than 20,000 square feet, under lease agreements. In addition, we lease space, typically of lesser size, for 50 field offices throughout North America and the United Kingdom We also own 160 small-scale renewable energy plants throughout North America and two in Ireland, which are located on sites we own or lease, or sites provided by customers. We expect to add new facilities and expand existing facilities as we continue to add employees and expand our business into new geographic areas. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary conduct of our business we are subject to periodic lawsuits, investigations, and claims. Although we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate resolution of such lawsuits, investigations, and claims against us, we do not believe that any currently pending or threatened legal proceedings to which we are a party will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 As previously disclosed, the staff of the United States SEC requested information with respect to revenue recognition for our software-as-a-service businesses during the period beginning January 1, 2014 through September 30, 2020. We cooperated with the SEC s request and in August 2022 the SEC staff notified us that their review has been concluded, and that they do not intend to recommend any further action at this time. 
 For additional information about certain proceedings, please refer to Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies , to our consolidated financial statements included in this Report, which is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our Class A common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AMRC . 
 As of February 24, 2023, and according to the records of our transfer agent, there were 11 shareholders of record of our Class A common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our Class A common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. 
 Our Class B common stock is not publicly traded and is held of record by George P. Sakellaris, our founder, principal stockholder, president, and chief executive officer, and a trust which Mr. Sakellaris s immediate family members are trustee and beneficiaries. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business and do not expect to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Our revolving senior secured credit facility contains provisions that limit our ability to declare and pay cash dividends during the term of that agreement. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in current or future financing instruments, provisions of applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return attained by our Class A common shareholders with the Russell 2000 index and the NASDAQ Clean Edge Green Energy index. The information presented assumes an investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 and that all dividends were reinvested. The graph shows the value that each of these investments would have had at the end of each year. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/30/2020 12/30/2021 12/31/2022 Ameresco, Inc. 100.00 163.95 203.49 607.44 946.98 664.42 Russell 2000 Index 100.00 88.99 111.70 134.00 153.85 122.41 NASDAQ Clean Edge Green Energy Index 100.00 87.89 125.39 357.14 347.70 242.88 
 Shareholder returns over the indicated period should not be considered indicative of future shareholder returns. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors on April 27, 2016 (the Repurchase Program during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares having a dollar value of approximately 5.9 million that may yet be purchased under the Repurchase Program. 
 Under the Repurchase Program, we are authorized to repurchase up to 17.6 million of our Class A common stock. Stock repurchases may be made from time to time through the open market and privately negotiated transactions. The amount and timing of any share repurchases will depend upon a variety of factors, including the trading price of our Class A common stock, liquidity, securities laws restrictions, other regulatory restrictions, potential alternative uses of capital, and market and economic conditions. The Repurchase Program may be suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice and has no expiration date. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included in Item 8 of this Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis are set forth elsewhere in this Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, and includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the Risk Factors included in Item 1A of this Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 Overview 
 Ameresco is a leading clean technology integrator with a comprehensive portfolio of energy efficiency and renewable energy supply solutions. We help organizations meet energy saving and energy management challenges with an integrated, comprehensive approach to energy efficiency and renewable energy. Leveraging budget neutral solutions, including ESPCs and PPAs, we aim to eliminate the financial barriers that traditionally hamper energy efficiency and renewable energy projects. 
 Drawing from decades of experience, Ameresco develops tailored energy management projects for its customers in the commercial, industrial, local, state and federal government, K-12 education, higher education, healthcare, public housing sectors, and utilities. 
 We provide solutions primarily throughout the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, and Europe, and our revenues are derived principally from energy efficiency projects, which entail the design, engineering, and installation of equipment and other measures that incorporate a range of innovative technology and techniques to improve the efficiency and control the operation of a facility s energy infrastructure; this can include designing and constructing a central plant or cogeneration system for a customer providing power, heat and/or cooling to a building, or other small-scale plant that produces electricity, gas, heat or cooling from renewable sources of energy. We also derive revenue from long-term O M contracts, energy supply contracts for renewable energy operating assets that we own, integrated-PV, and consulting and enterprise energy management services. 
 In addition to organic growth, strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses and assets, and joint venture arrangements have been an important part of our growth enabling us to broaden our service offerings and expand our geographical reach. In December 2021, we completed the acquisition of Plug Smart, an Ohio-based energy services company that specializes in the development and implementation of budget neutral capital improvement projects including building controls and building automation systems, which is included in our U.S. Regions segment. The pro forma effects of this acquisition were not material to our operations for the fiscal years presented. During 2022, we entered into joint venture arrangements in Greece and California and acquired an operating wind farm in Ireland. 
 Key Factors and Trends 
 The Inflation Reduction Act 
 The IRA was signed into law by President Biden on August 16, 2022. The bill invests nearly 369 billion in energy and climate policies. The provisions of the IRA are intended to, among other things, incentivize domestic clean energy investment, manufacturing, and deployment. The IRA incentivizes the deployment of clean energy technologies by extending and expanding federal incentives such as the ITC and the Production Tax Credit PTC ). We view the enactment of the IRA as favorable for the overall business climate for the renewable energy industry, however, we are continuing to evaluate the overall impact and applicability of the IRA to our current and planned projects, and we may experience a delay in our sales cycles and new award activity as our customers consider the applicability of the IRA. The IRA may increase the competition in our industry and as such increase the demand and cost for labor, equipment and commodities needed for our projects. 
 
 Supply Chain Disruptions and Other Global Factors 
 We continue to monitor the impact of global economic conditions on our operations, financial results, and liquidity, including the result of supply chain challenges, development of the COVID-19 pandemic, war in Ukraine, evolving relations between the U.S. and China, and other geopolitical tensions. The impact to our future operations and results of operations as a result of these global trends remains uncertain and the challenges we face, including challenges and increases in costs for logistics and supply chains, such as increased port congestion, and intermittent supplier delays as well as shortage of certain components needed for our business, such as lithium-ion battery cells, semiconductors, and other components required for our clean energy solutions may continue or become more pronounced. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we were impacted by supply chain disruptions and varying levels of inflation, as a result of COVID-19 and macroeconomic conditions, causing delays in the timely delivery of material to customer sites and delays and disruptions in the completion of certain projects, including those pursuant to the SCE Agreement, and increased shipping and transportation costs, as well as increased component and labor costs. This negatively impacted our results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. We expect the trends of supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures to continue beyond this year. We continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate to address the challenges presented from these conditions. 
 On April 1, 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce initiated an investigation to determine whether imports of crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells and modules which are manufactured in Cambodia, Thailand, Vietnam, or Malaysia using components from China are circumventing existing anti-dumping ADD and countervailing duties CVD on solar cells and modules from China. The full investigation is estimated to take 365 days. In June 2022 President Biden announced an executive action which guaranteed that any duties that could be levied as a result of this investigation, will not be imposed on imports by U.S importers between June 2022 and June 2024. 
 While the Biden executive action will prevent new duties stemming from this investigation from being applied during this period, the Commerce Department investigation continues. In December 2022, the Department issued a preliminary determination which found that certain solar products from these four countries were, in fact, circumventing existing Chinese tariffs. The final results of the investigation are expected to be issued by May 1, 2023. If the Department upholds it preliminary ruling, new tariffs could be applied beginning June 2024. Additionally, legislation has been introduced in both the U.S. Senate and U.S. House of Representatives seeking to overturn President Biden s executive action that suspended solar import duties. 
 Given that the Biden policy remains in place and that we have an existing inventory of solar panels from a large purchase several years ago, we do not expect that this investigation will have a material impact on our business in the near term. However, any resulting duties or other trade restrictions imposed may disrupt the solar panel supply chain, increase the cost for solar cells and panels, and ultimately impact the demand for clean energy solutions. We are closely monitoring the investigation and any regulations issued in connection with it. 
 Climate Change and Effects of Seasonality 
 The global emphasis on climate change and reducing carbon emissions has created opportunities for our industry. Sustainability has been at the forefront of our business since its inception and we are committed to staying at the leading edge of innovation taking place in the energy sector. We believe the next decade will be marked by dramatic changes in the power infrastructure with resources shifting to more distributed assets, storage, and microgrids to increase overall reliability and resiliency. The sustainability efforts are impacted by regulations, and changes in the regulatory climate may impact the demand for our products and offerings. See Our business depends in part on federal, state, provincial and local government support or the imposition of additional taxes, tariffs, duties, or other assessments on renewable energy or the equipment necessary to generate or deliver it, for energy efficiency and renewable energy, and a decline in such support could harm our business and Compliance with environmental laws could adversely affect our operating results in Item 1A, Risk Factors.. 
 Climate change also brings risks, as the impacts have caused us to experience more frequent and severe weather interferences, and this trend is expected to continue. We are subject to seasonal fluctuations and construction cycles, particularly in climates that experience colder weather during the winter months, such as the northern United States and Canada, and climates that experience extreme weather events, such as wildfires, storms or flooding, hurricanes, or at educational institutions, where large projects are typically carried out during summer months when their facilities are unoccupied. In addition, government customers, many of which have fiscal years that do not coincide with ours, typically follow annual procurement cycles and appropriate funds on a fiscal-year basis even though contract performance may take more than one year. Further, government contracting cycles can be affected by the timing of, and delays in, the legislative process related to government programs and incentives that help drive demand for energy efficiency and renewable energy projects. As a result, our revenues and operating income in the third and fourth quarter are typically higher, and our revenues and operating income in the first quarter are typically lower, than in other quarters of the year, however, this may become harder to predict with the potential effects of climate change. As a result of such fluctuations, we may occasionally experience declines in revenues or earnings as compared to the immediately preceding quarter, and comparisons of our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. 
 Our annual and quarterly financial results are also subject to significant fluctuations as a result of other factors, many of which are outside our control. See Our business is affected by seasonal trends and construction cycles, and these trends and cycles could have an adverse effect on our operating results in Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The SCE Agreement 
 In October 2021, we entered into a contract with SCE to design and build three grid scale BESS at three sites near existing substation parcels throughout SCE s service territory in California with an aggregate capacity of 537.5 MW the SCE Agreement ). The engineering, procurement and construction price is approximately 892.0 million, in the aggregate, including two years of O M revenues, subject to customary potential adjustments for changes in the work. The SCE Agreement required substantial completion of all facilities, subject to extension for specified force majeure events and customer-caused delays, to be completed no later than August 1, 2022 (the Guaranteed Completion Date and provided for availability and capacity guarantees. We have made force majeure claims under the SCE Agreement as battery supply delays resulting from COVID-19 lockdowns in several regions around China, newly implemented Chinese transportation safety policies and related supply chain delays impacted our ability to achieve the Guaranteed Completion Date on August 1, 2022. In 2022, SCE also instructed us to adjust the project schedule into 2023 and in early 2023 we made further weather-related force majeure claims. Under the terms of the SCE Agreement, we are entitled to recover costs associated with schedule changes requested by SCE. We are working with SCE to analyze and estimate these costs as well as the applicability and scope of force majeure relief based on our force majeure claims. If we fail to come to an agreement with SCE about extensions to the Guaranteed Completion Date and the applicability of force majeure relief, we may be required to pay liquidated damages up to an aggregate maximum of 89 million and may not be able to recover costs associated with schedule changes, and under certain circumstances SCE may have a right to terminate the agreement. 
 Despite the delays, the SCE projects progressed further during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. Considering the schedule adjustments requested by SCE and the delays disclosed earlier, we anticipate the projects to be in service and achieve substantial completion prior to the summer of 2023. However, a majority of our revenues under this contract were recognized in 2022 based upon costs incurred in 2022 relative to total expected costs on this project. 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we granted 1,605,000 common stock options to certain employees and 12,978 restricted stock units to our non-employee Directors under our 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. As a result, our stock-based compensation expense increased from 8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 15.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in the number of stock options granted and higher grant date fair value resulted in the increased stock-based compensation in 2022. In addition, our unrecognized stock-based compensation expense increased from 41.1 million at December 31, 2021 to 46.7 million at December 31, 2022, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of three years. See Note 14 Stock-based Compensation and Other Employee Benefits for additional information. 
 Backlog and Awarded Projects 
 Backlog is an important metric for us because we believe strong order backlogs indicate growing demand and a healthy business over the medium to long term, conversely, a declining backlog could imply lower demand. 
 The following table presents our backlog: 
 As of December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Project Backlog Fully-contracted backlog 1,001,325 1,509,300 Awarded, not yet signed customer contracts 1,638,640 1,542,760 Total project backlog 2,639,965 3,052,060 12-month project backlog 595,020 1,296,410 O M Backlog Fully-contracted backlog 1,231,120 1,131,660 12-month O M backlog 89,520 70,306 
 Our 892 million SCE Agreement was entered into in October 2021 and increased our fully-contracted backlog at December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2022, and the majority of our revenues under this contract were recognized in 2022. 
 Total project backlog represents energy efficiency projects that are active within our sales cycle. Our sales cycle begins with the initial contact with the customer and ends, when successful, with a signed contract, also referred to as fully-contracted backlog. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Our sales cycle recently has been averaging 18 to 42 months. Awarded backlog is created when a potential customer awards a project to Ameresco following a request for proposal. Once a project is awarded but not yet contracted, we typically conduct a detailed energy audit to determine the scope of the project as well as identify the savings that may be expected to be generated from upgrading the customer s energy infrastructure. At this point, we also determine the subcontractor, what equipment will be used, and assist in arranging for third party financing, as applicable. Recently, awarded projects have been taking an average of 12 to 24 months to result in a signed contract and convert to fully-contracted backlog. It may take longer, as it depends on the size and complexity of the project. Historically, approximately 90 of our awarded backlog projects have resulted in a signed contract. After the customer and Ameresco agree to the terms of the contract and the contract becomes executed, the project moves to fully-contracted backlog. The contracts reflected in our fully-contracted backlog typically have a construction period of 12 to 36 months and we typically expect to recognize revenue for such contracts over the same period. 
 Our O M backlog represents expected future revenues under signed multi-year customer contracts for the delivery of O M services, primarily for energy efficiency and renewable energy construction projects completed by us for our customers. 
 We define our 12-month backlog as the estimated amount of revenues that we expect to recognize in the next twelve months from our fully-contracted backlog. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for our revenue recognition policies. See We may not recognize all revenues from our backlog or receive all payments anticipated under awarded projects and customer contracts and In order to secure contracts for new projects, we typically face a long and variable selling cycle that requires significant resource commitments and requires a long lead time before we realize revenues in Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Assets in Development 
 Assets in development, which represents the potential design/build project value of small-scale renewable energy plants that have been awarded or for which we have secured development rights, were estimated at 1,625.7 million as of December 31, 2022, including 98.8 million attributable to a non-controlling interest, and 1,247.5 million as of December 31, 2021. The portion related to spending for EaaS assets was approximately 36.4 million and 70.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These are also important metrics because they help us gauge our future capacity to generate electricity or deliver renewable gas fuel which contributes to our recurring revenue stream. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth certain financial data from the consolidated statements of income for the periods indicated (1) : 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Year-Over-Year Change (In Thousands) Dollar Amount of Revenues Dollar Amount of Revenues Dollar Change Change Revenues 1,824,422 100.0 1,215,697 100.0 608,725 50.1 Cost of revenues 1,533,589 84.1 985,340 81.1 548,249 55.6 Gross profit 290,833 15.9 230,357 18.9 60,476 26.3 Selling, general and administrative expenses 157,841 8.7 134,923 11.1 22,918 17.0 Operating income 132,992 7.3 95,434 7.9 37,558 39.4 Other expenses, net 27,273 1.5 17,290 1.4 9,983 57.7 Income before income taxes 105,719 5.8 78,144 6.4 27,575 35.3 Income tax expense (benefit) 7,170 0.4 (2,047) (0.2) 9,217 (450.3) Net income 98,549 5.4 80,191 6.6 18,358 22.9 Net income attributable to non-controlling interest and redeemable non-controlling interest (3,623) (0.2) (9,733) (0.8) (6,110) (62.8) Net income attributable to common shareholders 94,926 5.2 70,458 5.8 24,468 34.7 (1) A comparison of our 2021 and 2020 results can be found in Item 7 of our 202 1 Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 
 
 Our results of operations for the year-ended December 31, 2022 reflect year-over-year growth in terms of revenues, operating income, and net income attributable to common shareholders. All financial result comparisons are against the prior year period. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Our strong operating results are due to the following: 
 Revenue: total revenues increased primarily due to a 577.3 million, or 64 , increase in our project revenue attributed to the timing of revenue recognized based upon costs incurred to date relative to total expected costs on active projects, including our SCE battery storage project. 
 Cost of Revenues and Gross Profit: the increase in cost of revenues is primarily due to the increase in project revenues described above, however, our gross profit as a percent of revenues decreased due to the higher revenue contribution from our lower margin, design-build SCE battery storage project. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses: the increase is primarily due to higher net salaries and benefits of 13.4 million as a result of increased headcount and an increase in non-cash stock-based compensation expense and higher insurance costs related to the continued growth of the business. 
 Other Expenses, Net: Other expenses, net, includes gains and losses from derivatives transactions, foreign currency transactions, interest expense, interest income, amortization of financing costs and certain government incentives. Other expenses, net increased primarily due to higher interest expenses, net of interest income of 12.1 million related to a higher average balance on our senior secured debt facility, partially offset by an increase in government incentives of 1.6 million. 
 Income before Income Taxes: the increase is due to reasons described above. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit): the provision for income taxes is based on various rates set by federal, state, provincial, and local authorities and is affected by permanent and temporary differences between financial accounting and tax reporting requirements. The effective tax rate was higher in 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to higher domestic income resulting in higher state taxes, lower levels of compensation deductions related to employee stock option exercises, and less favorable tax adjustments related to partnership flip transactions, partially offset by the availability of additional Section 179D deductions for 2021 and 2022. The tax benefit rate for 2021 was favorable, primarily due to increases in the benefits associated with energy efficiency tax incentives, including Section 48 Solar Investment Tax Credits, deductions associated with the Section 179D Commercial Buildings Energy Efficiency Tax Deduction, and compensation deductions resulting from employee stock option disqualifying dispositions. 
 Net Income and Earnings Per Share: Net income attributable to common shareholders increased due to the reasons described above. Basic earnings per share for 2022 was 1.83 an increase of 0.45 per share compared to 2021. Diluted earnings per share for 2022 was 1.78, an increase of 0.43 per share, compared to 2021. 
 Business Segment Analysis 
 Our reportable segments for the year ended December 31, 2022 were U.S. Regions, U.S. Federal, Canada, Alternative Fuels (formerly Non-Solar Distributed Generation Non-Solar DG )), and All Other. On January 1, 2022, we changed the structure of our internal organization, and our All Other segment now includes our U.S.-based enterprise energy management services previously included in our U.S Regions segment and our U.S. Regions segment now includes U.S. project revenue and associated costs previously included in our former Non-Solar DG segment. As a result, previously reported amounts have been reclassified for comparative purposes. See Note 20 Business Segment Information for additional information about our segments. 
 Revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, Year-Over-Year Change (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Dollar Change Change U.S. Regions 1,123,343 551,118 572,225 103.8 U.S. Federal 391,891 392,948 (1,057) (0.3) Canada 58,558 49,483 9,075 18.3 Alternative Fuels 114,459 111,223 3,236 2.9 All Other 136,171 110,925 25,246 22.8 Total revenues 1,824,422 1,215,697 608,725 50.1 
 U.S. Regions: the increase is primarily due to a 561.0 million, or 115 , increase in project revenues attributable to the timing of revenue recognized based upon costs incurred to date relative to total expected costs on active projects, including our SCE battery storage project, versus the prior year and a 7.9 million, or 20 , increase in revenue from the growth of our energy assets in operation. 
 U.S. Federal: the decrease is primarily due to a 6.8 million, or 2 , decrease in project revenue attributable to the timing of revenue recognized as a result of the phase of active projects compared to the prior year, partially offset by an 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 increase of 4.8 million in O M revenue and a 0.9 million, or 19 , increase in revenue from the growth of our energy assets in operation. 
 Canada: the increase is primarily due to higher project revenues which were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates. 
 Alternative Fuels: the increase is primarily due to a 2.3 million, or 2 , increase in energy asset revenues resulting from the continued growth of our operating portfolio and increased renewable gas production levels. 
 All Other: the increase is due to a 15.7 million increase in project revenues primarily in the United Kingdom related to an increase in volume and progression of certain active projects and a 8.5 million increase in integrated-PV revenues resulting from increased activity in the oil and gas market. 
 Income before Income Taxes and Unallocated Corporate Activity 
 Year Ended December 31, Year-Over-Year Change (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Dollar Change Change U.S. Regions 88,531 38,285 50,246 131.2 U.S. Federal 50,866 52,388 (1,522) (2.9) Canada 2,554 1,581 973 61.5 Alternative Fuels 22,989 27,774 (4,785) (17.2) All Other 11,959 5,477 6,482 118.3 Unallocated corporate activity (71,180) (47,361) (23,819) 50.3 Income before income taxes 105,719 78,144 27,575 35.3 
 U.S. Regions: the increase is primarily due to the higher revenues described above, partially offset by higher salaries and benefit costs, and other expenses which included a non-cash adjustment to recognize additional contingent consideration related to one of our acquisitions. 
 U.S. Federal: the decrease is due primarily to the decrease in revenues described above, partially offset by a decrease in operating expenses attributed to an increase in earnings recognized from an unconsolidated equity investment. 
 Canada: the increase is primarily due to the increase in project revenues described above. 
 Alternative Fuels: the decrease is primarily due to higher direct costs related to unplanned downtime, higher depreciation expense related to the timing of assets placed in operations, and higher interest expense, partially offset by lower mark to market losses on our unhedged commodity gas swaps, and lower other expenses which included an impairment charge in the prior year. 
 All Other: the increase is primarily due to higher revenues noted above. 
 Unallocated corporate activity includes all corporate level selling, general and administrative expenses and other expenses not allocated to the reportable segments. We do not allocate any indirect expenses to the segments. Corporate activity increased primarily due to higher salaries and benefit costs of 9.8 million, which includes a 6.3 million increase in non-cash stock-based compensation expense due to increased option grants with a higher grant date fair value, and increased insurance costs and interest expenses described above. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Since inception, we have funded operations primarily through cash flow from operations, advances from Federal ESPC projects, our senior secured credit facility, and various forms of other debt (see Project Financing below). In addition, in March 2021, we completed an underwritten public offering of 2,875,000 shares of our Class A Common Stock, for total net proceeds of 120.1 million. See Note 13 Equity and Earnings per Share for additional information. 
 Working capital requirements can be susceptible to fluctuations during the year due to timing differences between costs incurred, the timing of milestone-based customer invoices and actual cash collections. Working capital may also be affected by seasonality, growth rate of revenue, long lead-time equipment purchase patterns, advances from Federal ESPC projects, and payment terms for payables relative to customer receivables. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 We expect to incur additional expenditures in connection with the following activities: 
 equity investments, energy asset acquisitions and business acquisitions that we may fund from time to time 
 capital investment in current and future energy assets 
 material, equipment, and other expenditures for large projects 
 We regularly monitor and assess our ability to meet funding requirements. We believe that cash and cash equivalents, working capital and availability under our revolving senior secured credit facility, combined with our right (subject to lender consent) to increase our revolving credit facility by 100.0 million, and our general access to credit and equity markets, will be sufficient to fund our operations for twelve months from filing this Report and thereafter. We funded a significant portion of the contract expenditures for our SCE battery storage project in advance of customer receipts during the year ended December 31, 2022. With the schedule adjustment requested by SCE and the anticipated timeline for completing the projects, we expect to continue to incur and fund capital expenditures for the SCE battery project into the first half of 2023, net of any cash collected on amounts invoiced. 
 We continue to evaluate and take action, as necessary, to preserve adequate liquidity and ensure that our business can continue to operate and that we can meet our capital requirements during these uncertain times. This may include limiting discretionary spending across the organization and re-prioritizing our capital projects amid times of political unrest, the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic, the duration of supply challenges, and the rate and duration of the inflationary pressures. For example, increases in inflation and interest rates have impacted overall market returns on assets. We have therefore been particularly prudent in our capital commitments over the past few quarters, ensuring that our assets in development continue to align with our hurdle rates. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility Revolver and Term Loans 
 On March 4, 2022, we entered into the fifth amended and restated senior secured credit facility, which increased the aggregate amount of total commitments from 245.0 million to 495.0 million. This amendment increased the aggregate amount of the revolving commitments from 180.0 million to 200.0 million, increased the existing term loan A to 75.0 million, and extended the maturity date of the revolving commitment and term loan A from June 28, 2024 to March 4, 2025. In addition, it added a delayed draw term loan A for up to 220.0 million through a September 4, 2023 maturity date, increased the total funded debt to EBITDA covenant ratio from a maximum of 3.50 to 4.50 for the quarter ended March 31, 2022; 4.25 for the quarter ended June 30, 2022; 4.00 for the quarters ended September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022; and 3.50 thereafter. The amendment also specified the debt service coverage ratio to be less than 1.5 and increased our limit under an energy conservation project financing to 650.0 million, which provides us with flexibility to grow our federal business further. At December 31, 2022, our senior secured credit facility outstanding was 477.9 million, we had funds of 0.3 million available under the revolving credit facility, and had 16.8 million in letters of credit outstanding. 
 On June 9, 2022, we entered into the first amendment to the fifth amended and restated senior secured credit facility, which temporarily increased the maximum indebtedness incurred under an energy conservation project financing from 650.0 million to 725.0 million from and after April 1, 2022 to and including December 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum indebtedness incurred under an energy conservation project financing reverted back to 650,000. 
 Project Financing 
 Non-recourse Construction Revolvers and Term Loans 
 We have entered into a number of construction and term loan agreements for the purpose of constructing and owning certain renewable energy plants. The physical assets and the operating agreements related to the renewable energy plants are generally owned by wholly owned, single member special purpose subsidiaries of Ameresco. These construction and term loans are structured as project financings made directly to a subsidiary, and upon commercial operation and achieving certain milestones in the credit agreement, the related construction loan converts into a term loan. While we are required under generally accepted accounting principles GAAP to reflect these loans as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, they are generally non-recourse and not direct obligations of Ameresco, Inc. 
 Our project financing facilities contain various financial and other covenant requirements which include debt service coverage ratios and total funded debt to EBITDA, as defined. Any failure to comply with the financial or other covenants of our project financings would result in inability to distribute funds from the wholly-owned subsidiary to Ameresco, Inc. or constitute an event of default in which the lenders may have the ability to accelerate the amounts outstanding, including all accrued interest and unpaid fees. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Material non-recourse construction revolvers and term loan financing during the year ended December 31, 2022 was our Non-recourse Fixed Rate Note, 6.50 , due October 2037. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total construction and term loans outstanding was 300.8 million. See Note 9 Debt and Financing Lease Liabilities for additional information about these loans. 
 Non-recourse Sale-leasebacks and Financing Leases 
 We have entered into sale-leaseback arrangements for solar PV energy assets with multiple investors and in accordance with Topic 842, Leases, all sale-leaseback transactions that occurred after December 31, 2018, were accounted for as failed sales and the proceeds received from the transactions were recorded as long-term financing facilities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total sale-leasebacks classified as long-term financing facilities outstanding was 120.9 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total financing leases outstanding was 16.1 million. These are our sale-leaseback arrangements entered into as of December 31, 2018 which remain under the previous guidance. 
 See Notes 8 Leases and 9 Debt and Financing Lease Liabilities for additional information on these financing facilities. 
 While we are required under GAAP to reflect these lease payments as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, they are generally non-recourse and not direct obligations of Ameresco Inc., except that we have guaranteed certain obligations relating to taxes and project warranties, operation, and maintenance. 
 Federal ESPC Liabilities 
 We have arrangements with certain third-parties to provide advances to us during the construction or installation of projects for certain customers, typically federal governmental entities, in exchange for our assignment to the lenders of our rights to the long-term receivables arising from the ESPCs related to such projects. These financings totaled 478.5 million in principal amounts as of December 31, 2022 and 532.3 million as of December 31, 2021. Under the terms of these financing arrangements, we are required to complete the construction or installation of the project in accordance with the contract with our customer, and the liability remains on our consolidated balance sheets until the completed project is accepted by the customer. 
 We are the primary obligor for financing received, but only until final acceptance of the work by the customer. At this point recourse to us ceases and the ESPC receivables are transferred to the investor. The transfers of receivables under these agreements do not qualify for sales accounting until final customer acceptance of the work, so the advances from the investors are not classified as operating cash flows. Cash draws that we received under these ESPC agreements were 238.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and are recorded as financing cash inflows. The use of the cash received under these arrangements is to pay project costs classified as operating cash flows and totaled 259.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Due to the manner in which the ESPC contracts with the third-party investors are structured, our reported operating cash flows are materially impacted by the fact that operating cash flows only reflect the ESPC contract expenditure outflows and do not reflect any inflows from the corresponding contract revenues. Upon acceptance of the project by the federal customer the ESPC receivable and corresponding ESPC liability are removed from our consolidated balance sheets as a non-cash settlement. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our consolidated financial statements in this Report. 
 Other 
 We issue letters of credit and performance bonds, from time to time, with our third-party lenders, to provide collateral. 
 Selected Measures of Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 115,534 50,450 Working capital 189,283 164,361 Availability under revolving credit facility 345 121,176 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our changes in cash and cash equivalents: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Cash flows used in operating activities (338,288) (172,296) Cash flows used in investing activities (328,358) (205,257) Cash flows provided by financing activities 730,227 365,461 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (747) 309 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 62,834 (11,783) 
 Our service offering also includes the development, construction, and operation of small-scale renewable energy plants. Small-scale renewable energy projects, or energy assets, can either be developed for the portfolio of assets that we own and operate or designed and built for customers. Expenditures related to projects that we own are recorded as cash outflows from investing activities. Expenditures related to projects that we build for customers are recorded as cash outflows from operating activities as cost of revenues. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Our cash flow from operating activities in 2022 decreased over 2021 primarily due to a 159.4 million increase in unbilled revenue (costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings) due to the timing of when certain projects are invoiced, including our SCE battery storage project, a decrease of 47.3 million in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and an increase of 9.8 million in Federal ESPC receivables, partially offset by an increase of 18.4 million in net income. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 During 2022, we made capital investments of 304.6 million in new energy assets and 18.0 million in major maintenance of energy assets, compared to 170.3 million and 8.6 million, respectively, in 2021. Last year we paid 14.9 million, net of cash received, for an acquisition and also contributed 9.0 million to an equity investment. 
 We currently plan to invest approximately 325.0 million to 375.0 million in capital investments in 2023, principally for the construction or acquisition of new renewable energy plants. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Our primary sources of financing during 2022 were proceeds of 468.5 million from long-term debt financings and construction revolvers, 252.7 million from advances on Federal ESPC projects and energy assets, and net proceeds from our senior secured revolving credit facility of 137.9 million, partially offset by repayments of long-term debt totaling 161.9 million. 
 During 2021, we received net proceeds of 186.0 million from long-term debt financings, 161.2 million from advances on Federal ESPC projects and energy assets, and net proceeds of 120.1 million from our equity offering, partially offset by repayments of long-term debt totaling 98.2 million. 
 We currently plan additional financings of 250.0 million to 300.0 million in 2023 to fund the construction or acquisition of new renewable energy plants as discussed above. 
 We may also, from time to time, finance our operations through issuance or offering of equity or debt securities. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP involves us making estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities, net sales, and expenses, and related disclosures in the accompanying notes at the date of our financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, industry and market trends, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. However, by their nature, estimates are subject to various assumptions and uncertainties, and changes in circumstances could cause actual results to differ from these estimates, sometimes materially. 
 We believe that our policies and estimates that require our most significant judgments are considered our critical accounting policies and are discussed below. In addition, refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further details. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition 
 As described in Note 2, we recognize revenue from the installation or construction of projects over time using the cost-based input method. We use the total costs incurred on the project relative to the total expected costs to satisfy the performance obligation. When the estimate on a contract indicates a loss or claims against costs incurred reduce the likelihood of recoverability of such costs, we record the entire estimated loss in the period the loss becomes known. In addition, some contracts contain an element of variable consideration, including liquidated damages and/or penalties, which requires payment to the customer in the event that construction timelines or milestones are not met. We estimate the total consideration payable by the customer when the contracts contain variable consideration provisions, based on the most likely amount anticipated to be recognized for transferring the promised goods or services. As a result, we may constrain revenue to the extent that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. 
 To the extent a contract is deemed to have multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price of the contract to each performance obligation using our best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. 
 Significant judgement is required to estimate the total expected costs and variable consideration for projects that typically have a construction period of 12 to 36 months. Any increase or decrease in estimated costs to complete a performance obligation without a corresponding change to the contract price could impact the calculation of cumulative revenue to date and gross profit on the project. Similarly, if we recognize revenue based upon our current estimate of variable consideration, and our estimate is later adjusted, we may be required to increase or decrease cumulative revenue to date and gross profit on the project. Factors that may result in a change to our estimates include unforeseen engineering problems, construction delays, the performance of contractors and major material suppliers, and unusual weather conditions, among others. 
 We have a long history of working with multiple types of projects and preparing cost estimates, and we rely on the expertise of key personnel to prepare what we believe are reasonable best estimates given available facts and circumstances. Due to the nature of the work involved, however, judgment is involved to estimate the costs to complete and the amounts estimated could have a material impact on the revenue we recognize in each accounting period. We cannot estimate unforeseen events and circumstances which may result in actual results being materially different from previous estimates. 
 Impairment Assessments 
 We evaluate our long-lived assets, including goodwill and intangible assets, for impairment as events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets may not be fully recoverable, and at least annually (December 31st) for goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite lives. Examples of such triggering events applicable to our assets include a significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset or asset group, a current-period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses, a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of a long-lived asset or asset group, or adverse industry or economic trends. 
 We evaluate recoverability of long-lived assets and definite-lived intangible assets by estimating the undiscounted future cash flows associated with the expected uses and eventual disposition of those assets. When these comparisons indicate that the carrying value of those assets is greater than the undiscounted cash flows, we recognize an impairment loss for the amount that the carrying value exceeds the fair value. 
 The process of evaluating the potential impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and intangible assets requires significant judgment. For goodwill, we estimate the reporting unit s fair value and compare it with the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill. If the fair value is greater than the carrying value of its reporting unit, no impairment is recorded. Fair value is determined using both an income approach and a market approach. The estimates and assumptions used in our calculations include revenue growth rates, expense growth rates, expected capital expenditures to determine projected cash flows, expected tax rates and an estimated discount rate to determine present value of expected cash flows. These estimates are based on historical experiences, our projections of future operating activity and our weighted-average cost of capital. Unforeseen events and changes in circumstances or market conditions could adversely affect these estimates, which could result in an impairment charge. 
 Based on our goodwill impairment assessment, all of our reporting units with goodwill had estimated fair values that exceeded their carrying values by at lea st 20 as of December 31, 2022 and 61 as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a long-lived asset impairment charge of 1.9 million on one of our energy asset groups. See Note 7 Energy Assets for additional information. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and five foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities and uncertain tax positions. The underlying assumptions are also highly susceptible to change from period to period. We took advantage of the Safe Harbor commence-construction provisions contained in IRS Notice 2018-59 by pre-purchasing solar equipment in 2019 thereby preserving the ability to take 30 ITC for projects placed in service before 2024. However, the IRA signed by the President on August 16, 2022 increased the ITC rate back to 30 for projects placed in service after January 1, 2022 and before January 1, 2033. If these or other deductions and credits expire without being extended, or otherwise are reduced or eliminated, our effective tax rate would increase, which could increase our income tax expense and reduce our net income. In addition, our tax rate has historically been significantly impacted by the IRC Section 179D deduction. This deduction is related to energy-efficient improvements we provide under government contracts. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 made permanent the Section 179D Energy Efficient Commercial Building Deduction. That Act made changes to the way the deduction is calculated. On December 23, 2022, the IRS issued Announcement 2023-1 which clarified the energy efficiency standards which will be applied to projects placed in service for 2021 and 2022. If those changes result in lower levels of energy efficiency improvements, it could impact the deduction available and the tax rate. 
 We accrue for the estimated additional tax and interest that may result from tax authorities disputing uncertain tax positions. We believe we have made adequate provisions for income taxes for all years that are subject to audit based upon the latest information available. We operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to tax audits in these jurisdictions. These audits can involve complex issues and may require an extended period of time to resolve. We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, we can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different. We adjust these reserves when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences may affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made and could have an impact on our results of operations. 
 On a quarterly basis, we assess our current and projected earnings by jurisdiction to determine whether or not our earnings during the periods when the temporary differences become deductible will be sufficient to realize the related future tax benefits. Should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset in a particular jurisdiction in the future, a valuation allowance to the deferred tax asset would be charged to income in the period such determination was made. This valuation allowance is maintained for deferred tax assets that we estimate are more likely than not to be unrealizable based on available evidence at the time the estimate is made. The determination of whether a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is appropriate is subject to considerable judgment and requires an evaluation of all positive and negative evidence, including our historical financial results, the source and consistency of those results, whether they should be adjusted for certain one-time or nonrecurring items, whether losses cumulatively exceed income over a reasonable period of time, the availability of tax planning strategies, availability of carryback and carryforward periods, and other factors, including our expectations of future taxable income. Adjustments to income tax expense to the extent we establish a valuation allowance or adjust this allowance in a period could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting standards. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates because we finance certain operations through fixed and variable rate debt instruments and denominate our transactions in U.S. dollars, Canadian dollars, British pounds sterling GBP ), and Euros. Changes in these rates may have an impact on future cash flows and earnings. We manage these risks through normal operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We had cash and cash equivalents totaling 115.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 50.5 million as of December 31, 2021. Our exposure to interest rate risk primarily relates to the interest expense paid on our senior secured credit facility. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 We do not enter into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. However, through our subsidiaries we do enter into derivative instruments for purposes other than trading purposes. Certain of the term loans that we use to finance our 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 renewable energy projects bear variable interest rates that are indexed to short-term market rates. We have entered into interest rate swaps in connection with these term loans in order to seek to hedge our exposure to adverse changes in the applicable short-term market rate. In some instances, the conditions of our renewable energy project term loans require us to enter into interest rate swap agreements in order to mitigate our exposure to adverse movements in market interest rates. All but two of the interest rate swaps that we have entered into qualify and have been designated as cash flow hedges. In the past, we entered into commodity swap contracts in order to hedge our exposure to adverse changes in the short-term market rates of natural gas, which have not been designated for hedge accounting, and may do so in the future. 
 We have also entered into term loan agreements that contain make-whole provisions that qualify as embedded derivatives and are required to be bifurcated from their host term loan agreement and valued separately. These derivatives cannot be hedged. 
 By using derivative instruments, we are subject to credit and market risk. The fair market value of the interest rate and commodity swaps are determined by using valuation models whose inputs are derived using market observable inputs, including interest rate yield curves, and reflects the asset or liability position as of the end of each reporting period. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, thus creating a receivable risk for us. We are exposed to counterparty credit risk in the event of non-performance by counterparties to our derivative agreements. We minimize counterparty credit (or repayment) risk by entering into transactions with major financial institutions of investment grade credit rating. The fair value of these make-whole provisions was determined based on available market data and a with and without model. 
 Our exposure to market interest rate risk is not hedged in a manner that completely eliminates the effects of changing market conditions on earnings or cash flow. See Notes 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , 18 Fair Value Measurement , and 19 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities included in Item 8 of this Report for additional information about our derivative instruments. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We have revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies, principally the Canadian dollar and British pound sterling GBP ). Also, a significant number of employees are located in Canada and the United Kingdom, and our subsidiaries in those countries transact business in those respective currencies. As a result, we have designated the Canadian dollar as the functional currency for Canadian operations. Similarly, the GBP has been designated as the functional currency for our operations in the United Kingdom When we consolidate the operations of these foreign subsidiaries into our financial results, because we report our results in U.S. dollars, we are required to translate the financial results and position of our foreign subsidiaries from their respective functional currencies into U.S. dollars. We translate the revenues, expenses, gains, and losses from our Canadian and United Kingdom subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using a weighted average exchange rate for the applicable fiscal period. We translate the assets and liabilities of our Canadian and United Kingdom subsidiaries into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the applicable balance sheet date. Translation adjustments are not included in determining net income for the period but are disclosed and accumulated in a separate component of consolidated equity until sale or until a complete or substantially complete liquidation of the net investment in our foreign subsidiary takes place. Changes in the values of these items from one period to the next which result from exchange rate fluctuations are recorded in our consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). For the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the weakening of the Canadian dollar and GBP versus the U.S. dollar, our foreign currency translation resulted in a loss of 3.4 million which we recorded as a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss, compared to 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. As a consequence, gross profit, operating results, profitability, and cash flows are impacted by relative changes in the value of the Canadian dollar and GBP. We have not repatriated earnings from our foreign subsidiaries but have elected to invest in new business opportunities there. See Note 10, Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements in this Report. We do not hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 41 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and December 31, 20 21 
 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 , and December 31, 20 20 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Non- C ontrolling Interests and Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31 ,202 2 , December 31, 202 1 , and December 31, 2 020 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1, and December 31, 20 20 
 49 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 51 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Ameresco, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ameresco, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, other comprehensive income, changes in redeemable non-controlling interests and stockholders ' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements and an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the financial statements, management tests the Company s goodwill, which had a balance of 70.6 million as of December 31, 2022, for impairment, at the reporting unit level, at December 31 of each fiscal year, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset might be impaired. To test goodwill for impairment, management compares the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with the carrying amount of each reporting unit, including the recorded goodwill. In estimating the fair value of each reporting unit, management uses a methodology which combines an income approach, using a discounted cash flows method, with a market approach, using a peer-based guideline company method based on the average of published multiples of earnings of comparable entities with similar operations and economic characteristics. 
 We identified the annual goodwill impairment assessment for one of the Company s reporting units as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions used by management when estimating the fair value of this reporting unit, including management s forecasts of revenue and expense growth rates, management s selection of the discount rate for the income approach and management s estimates of the multiples of earnings of comparable entities with similar operations and economic characteristics for the market approach. Auditing management s estimates and assumptions involved a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort, including the use of our valuation specialists, due to the impact these assumptions have on the goodwill impairment assessment. 
 Our audit procedures related to the assessment of goodwill impairment included the following, among others: 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessment and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including controls over management s review of the significant assumptions used in the estimate of fair value, including forecasted revenue and expense growth rates, the selected discount rates, and the selected multiples of earnings. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts of revenue and expense growth rates by comparing the projections to historical results and testing certain contracts contributing to the revenue forecast.. 
 We tested the underlying data used by management in their development of forecasts of revenue and expense growth rates for accuracy and completeness. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s selection of comparable entities with similar operations and economic characteristics. 
 With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of management s valuation methodology and significant assumptions by: 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of the discount rate and multiples of earnings by comparing the underlying source information to publicly available market data and verifying the accuracy of the calculations. 
 Developing an independent expectation of the discount rate and compared against the discount rate selected by management. 
 Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methods used by management and testing their mathematical accuracy. 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers Project Revenue 
 As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company s projects line of business, which relates to the construction of energy efficiency projects, including the design, engineering and installation of technologies and techniques to improve energy efficiency and control the operation of a building s energy- and-water-consuming systems, recognized revenue of 1.48 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022. Typically, the Company provides a service of integrating a complex set of tasks and components such as design, engineering, construction management, and equipment procurement for a project contract. The Company s project revenues are generated from long-term contracts whereby revenue is recognized over time using the cost-based input method. The Company uses total costs incurred on the project relative to the total expected costs to estimate progression towards the satisfaction of the performance obligation. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Estimating the amount of project revenue to record from the Company s long-term contracts requires management s judgment in estimating final construction contract profits, which are driven by the total estimated consideration payable by the customer and total estimated contract costs. The Company estimates the total consideration payable by the customer when the contracts contain variable consideration provisions, which can include liquidated damages and/or penalties, based on the most likely amount anticipated to be recognized for transferring the promised goods or services. As a result, the Company may constrain revenue to the extent that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Anticipated contract costs can be incurred over several years and are largely determined based on negotiated or estimated purchase contract terms and consider factors such as historical performance, seasonal and construction schedule risks, estimated subcontractor costs and contingency costs. 
 We identified the Company s accounting for revenue recognition from the project line of business to be a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments used by management related to the estimation of final construction profits. Estimating the final construction profit on these long-term contracts requires management to develop estimates of the total consideration payable by the customer, when contracts contain variable consideration provisions, as well as total expected contract costs, including costs associated with labor, materials, equipment, subcontracting and outside engineering cost. Auditing management s estimates and assumptions involved a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort due to the impact these assumptions have on the revenue recognized. 
 Our audit procedures related to project revenue included the following, among others: 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to the recognition of project revenue and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including controls over the determination of the final estimated construction profit, which includes management s review of the assumptions and key inputs used to recognize revenue on project contracts using the cost-to-cost input method, including costs associated with labor, materials, equipment, subcontracting and outside engineering along with estimates of total consideration payable when contracts contain variable consideration provisions. 
 We performed substantive analytical procedures on the Company s project revenue line of business, with a focus on significant changes in gross margin, contract budgets and contract pricing from the prior year, on contracts open in both the current year and prior year. 
 We selected a sample of project contracts and evaluated the estimates of total costs for each of the project contracts by: 
 Evaluating management s judgments related to the Company s ability to achieve the estimates of final construction contract profit as well as achievement on project timelines by performing corroborating inquiries with Company personnel, including project managers, and comparing the estimates to documentation such as management s internal budgets and specified contract terms. 
 Confirmation of project progression with customers, including identification of any delays in project timeline. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2010. 
 
 February 28, 2023 

43 

Table of Contents 

 AMERESCO, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents (1) 
 Restricted cash (1) 
 Accounts receivable, net (1) 
 Accounts receivable retainage Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings (1) 
 Inventory, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets (1) 
 Income tax receivable Project development costs, net Total current assets (1) 
 Federal ESPC receivable Property and equipment, net (1) 
 Energy assets, net (1) 
 Goodwill, net Intangible assets, net Operating lease assets (1) 
 Restricted cash, non-current portion Deferred income tax assets, net Other assets (1) 
 Total assets (1) 
 LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt and financing lease liabilities (1) 
 Accounts payable (1) 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities (1) 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities (1) 
 Billings in excess of cost and estimated earnings Income taxes payable Total current liabilities (1) 
 Long-term debt and financing lease liabilities, net of current portion, unamortized discount, and debt issuance costs (1) 
 Federal ESPC liabilities Deferred income tax liabilities, net Deferred grant income Long-term operating lease liabilities, net of current portion (1) 
 Other liabilities (1) 
 Commitments and contingencies: Redeemable non-controlling interests, net 
 (1) as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. Includes non-recourse liabilities of consolidated VIEs of as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. See Note 11. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

AMERESCO, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022, shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 ) ) Stockholders equity before non-controlling interest Non-controlling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interests and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 AMERESCO, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Cost of revenues Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income Other expenses, net Income before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income Net income attributable to non-controlling interest and redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Net income per share attributable to common shareholders: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 ` 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 AMERESCO, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain (loss) from interest rate hedges, net of tax effect of , , and ), respectively 
 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 AMERESCO, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) Redeemable Non-controlling Interests Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non-controlling Interest Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2019 ) ) Exercise of stock options, net Stock-based compensation expense Employee stock purchase plan Open market purchase of common shares ) ) ) Unrealized loss from interest rate hedges, net ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Contributions from redeemable non-controlling interests, net of tax equity financing fees of 
 Distributions to redeemable non-controlling interests ) Accretion of tax equity financing fees ) ) Net income Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Equity offering of common stock, net of offering costs of 
 Exercise of stock options, net Stock-based compensation expense Employee stock purchase plan Unrealized gain from interest rate hedges, net Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Contributions from redeemable non-controlling interests, net of tax equity financing fees of 
 Distributions to redeemable non-controlling interests ) Accretion of tax equity financing fees ) ) Investment fund call option exercise ) Net income Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Exercise of stock options, net Stock-based compensation expense Employee stock purchase plan Unrealized gain from interest rate hedges, net Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Distributions to redeemable non-controlling interests ) Accretion of tax equity financing fees ) ) Investment fund call option exercise ) Contributions from non-controlling interest Net income Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 AMERESCO, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities: Depreciation of energy assets, net Depreciation of property and equipment Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs Amortization of intangible assets Net increase in fair value of contingent consideration Accretion of ARO (Recoveries of) provision for bad debts ) Impairment of long-lived assets / loss on disposal Gain on sale of equity investments ) (Earnings) loss of unconsolidated entities ) Net (gain) loss from derivatives ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes, net ) Unrealized foreign exchange (gain) loss ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Accounts receivable retainage ) ) Federal ESPC receivable ) ) ) Inventory, net ) ) Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Project development costs ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other current liabilities Billings in excess of cost and estimated earnings ) Other liabilities ) ) Income taxes payable, net ) ) Cash flows from operating activities ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Capital investment in energy assets ) ) ) Capital investment in major maintenance of energy assets ) ) ) Grant award proceeds for energy assets Proceeds from sale of equity investment Acquisitions, net of cash received ) Contributions to equity investment ) ) Loans to joint venture investments ) Cash flows from investing activities ) ) ) 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 AMERESCO, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) (Continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from equity offering, net of offering costs Payments of debt discount and debt issuance costs ) ) ) Proceeds from exercises of options and ESPP Repurchase of common stock ) Proceeds from (payments on) senior secured revolving credit facility, net ) Proceeds from long-term debt financings Proceeds from Federal ESPC projects Net proceeds for customer energy asset projects Investment fund call option exercise ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interest (Distributions to) proceeds from redeemable non-controlling interests, net ) Payments on long-term debt and financing leases ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash Federal ESPC settlement Accrued purchases of energy assets Non-cash contributions from non-controlling interest Non-cash portion of investment fund call option exercise 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets to the total of the same such amounts shown above: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents Short-term restricted cash Long-term restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

1. 
 
 2. 
 
 investment funds formed to fund the purchase and operation of solar energy systems, which are consolidated with Ameresco as variable interest entities VIEs ). We use a qualitative approach in assessing the consolidation requirement for VIEs. This approach focuses on determining whether we have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly affect the VIE s economic performance and whether we have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. For all periods presented, we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary in all of our operational VIEs. We evaluate our relationships with the VIEs on an ongoing basis to ensure that we continue to be the primary beneficiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Gains and losses from the translation of all foreign currency financial statements are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, net, within stockholders equity. We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 
 per covered participant, after which reinsurance takes effect. The liability for unpaid claims and associated expenses, including incurred but not reported claims, is determined by management and reflected in our consolidated balance sheets in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. The liability is calculated based on historical data, which considers both the frequency and settlement amount of claims. Our estimated accrual for this liability could be different than our ultimate obligation if variables such as the frequency or amount of future claims differ significantly from management s assumptions. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates its fair value measured using level 1 inputs per the fair value hierarchy as defined in Note 18. 
 (Recoveries of) charges to costs and expenses, net ) Account write-offs and other ) ) ) Allowance for credit loss, end of period 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

to of the total invoice. We classify retainages that are expected to be billed in the next twelve months as current assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts were determined to be uncollectible. 
 
 Project development costs of and were included in other long-term assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Computer equipment and software costs Three to 
 Leasehold improvements Lesser of term of lease or five years 
 Automobiles 
 Land Unlimited 
 Gains or losses on disposal of property and equipment are reflected in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 We received grant proceeds from the Canadian government in connection with the construction of our energy assets in Canada of during the year ended December 31, 2021. We did receive any grant proceeds during the year ended December 31, 2022. We have a contribution agreement in place with Natural Resources Canada to fund 50 of the construction costs on a specific pilot project in Ontario. Cash proceeds are recorded as a deferred grant liability. Following commercial operation, the grant is subject to repayment to the government for a five-year period. 
 Deferred grant income of and in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, represents the benefit of the basis difference to be amortized to depreciation expense over the life of the related property. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 See Note 7 for information on solar projects we have purchased or are under definitive agreement to purchase. 
 from their respective acquisition dates. We evaluate our intangible assets for impairment consistent with, and part of, our long-lived asset evaluation, as discussed in Energy Assets above. See Notes 4 and 5 for additional disclosures. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 See Note 8 for additional information about our leases. 
 in use and franchise tax payable, accrued payroll and payroll related expenses, sales tax payable, current portion of contingent consideration, and other accrued operating expenses. 
 
 See Note 7 for additional disclosures on our AROs. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 of the fair value of the solar PV energy asset at the time of its original installation. When the leaseback arrangement expires, we have the option to purchase the solar PV energy asset for the then fair market value or, in certain circumstances, renew the lease for an extended term. We have determined that none of the solar PV energy assets sold to date under the sale-leaseback program have been considered integral equipment as the cost to remove the energy asset from its existing location would not exceed of its original fair value. 
 In accordance with our adoption of Topic 842, sale-leaseback transactions are accounted for as financing liabilities on a prospective basis as we retain control of the underlying assets. As these transactions meet the criteria of a failed sale, the proceeds received in prospective transactions are accounted for as long-term financing liabilities with interest rates based upon the underlying details of each specific transaction. 
 
 See Notes 8 and 9 for details of our sales-leaseback and financing lease transactions. 
 
 See Note 19 for additional derivative disclosures. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 , and of operating lease revenue under these agreements during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 59 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 See Note 10 for additional information on income taxes. 
 
 See Note 17. 
 by approximately . Fair value of our debt is based on quoted market prices or on rates available to us for debt with similar terms and maturities, which are level two inputs of the fair value hierarchy, as defined in Note 18. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Share Repurchase Program 
 In April 2016, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to of our Class A common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. Our Board of Directors authorized an increase in the share repurchase to of our Class A common stock in February 2017 and to of our Class A common stock in August 2019. The timing and amount of any shares repurchased will be determined by management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. Any repurchased shares will be available for use in connection with our stock plans and for other corporate purposes. The repurchase program has and will be funded using our working capital and borrowings under our revolving line of credit. We account for share repurchases using the cost method and the cost of the share repurchase is recorded entirely in treasury stock, a contra equity account. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we repurchased shares, and during the year ended December 31, 2020, we repurchased shares of common stock in the amount of , net of fees of immaterial amounts. 
 See Notes 18 and 19 for additional information on our derivative instruments. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 See Note 13 for our computation of earnings per share. 
 Our other consolidated VIEs are similar in purpose, design, and our involvement, and as such, are aggregated together. See Notes 11 and 12 for additional disclosures. 
 
 See Note 11 for additional information on our equity method investments. 
 such investment funds remaining, each with a different third-party investor. 
 We entered into these agreements in order to finance the costs of constructing energy assets which are under long-term customer contracts. We have determined that these entities qualify as VIEs and that we are the primary beneficiary in the operational partnerships for accounting purposes. Accordingly, we consolidate the assets and liabilities and operating results of the entities in our consolidated financial statements. We recognize the investors share of the net assets of the subsidiaries as redeemable non-controlling interests in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 We have determined that the provisions in the contractual arrangements represent substantive profit-sharing arrangements and that the appropriate methodology for attributing income and loss to the redeemable non-controlling interests each period is a balance sheet approach referred to as the hypothetical liquidation at book value HLBV method. Under the HLBV method, the amounts of income and loss attributed to the redeemable non-controlling interests in the consolidated statements of income reflect changes 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See Notes 11 and 12 for additional information. 
 
 3. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 O M revenue Energy assets Integrated-PV Other Total revenues 
 The following table presents our revenue disaggregated by line of business and reportable segment for the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 US Regions U.S. Federal Canada Alternative Fuels All Other Total Project revenue O M revenue Energy assets Integrated-PV Other Total revenues 
 The following table presents our revenue disaggregated by line of business and reportable segment for the year ended December 31, 2020: 
 US Regions U.S. Federal Canada Alternative Fuels All Other Total Project revenue O M revenue Energy assets Integrated-PV Other Total revenues 
 See Note 16 for our revenue disaggregated by geographical region. 
 The following table presents information related to our revenue recognized over time: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Percentage of revenue recognized over time 
 The remainder of our revenue is for products and services transferred at a point in time, at which point revenue is recognized. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Accounts receivable retainage Contract Assets Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings Contract Liabilities Billings in excess of cost and estimated earnings Billings in excess of cost and estimated earnings, non-current (1) 
 Total contract liabilities (1) Performance obligations that are expected to be completed beyond the next twelve months and are included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 The increase in contract assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to revenue recognized of , offset in part by billings of . Contract assets also increased due to reclassifications, primarily from contract liabilities as a result of timing of customer payments. The increase in contract liabilities was primarily driven by the receipt of advance payments from customers, and related billings, as well as reclassifications from contract assets as a result of timing of customer payments. The advance payments and reclassifications exceeded the recognition of revenue as performance obligations were satisfied. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized revenue of and billed to customers that had balances which were included in contract liabilities at December 31, 2021. 
 The increase in contract assets for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to revenue recognized of , offset in part by billings of . The increase in contract liabilities was primarily driven by the receipt of advance payments from customers, and related billings, exceeding recognition of revenue as performance obligations were satisfied. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized revenue of , and billed customers to customers that had balances which were included in contract liabilities at December 31, 2020. 
 Backlog 
 Our remaining performance obligations fully-contracted backlog represent the unrecognized revenue value of our contract commitments. Our backlog may vary significantly each reporting period based on the timing of major new contract commitments and the fully-contracted backlog may fluctuate with currency movements. In addition, our customers have the right, under some circumstances, to terminate contracts or defer the timing of our services and their payments to us. At December 31, 2022, we had fully-contracted backlog of and approximately of our fully-contracted backlog is anticipated to be recognized as revenue in the next . The remaining performance obligations primarily relate to the energy efficiency and renewable energy construction projects, including long-term O M services related to these projects. The long-term services have varying initial contract terms, up to years. 
 We applied the practical expedient for certain revenue streams to exclude the value of remaining performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected term of one year or less or (ii) contracts for which we recognize revenue in proportion to the amount we have the right to invoice for services performed. 
 Contract Acquisition Costs 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had capitalized commission costs of , related to contracts that were not completed, which were included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. For contracts that have a duration of less than one year, we follow a practical expedient and expense these costs when incurred. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amortization of commission costs related to contracts was not material and have been included in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

impairment charges in connection with our commission costs or project development costs were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 4. 
 , of which was paid as of December 31, 2021. The consideration also included a hold-back of and other accruals related to possible adjustments to net working capital at the acquisition date and future claims about representations and warranties by the sellers, if any, and a potential contingent consideration earn-out that had a fair value of on the date of acquisition. The earn-out includes contingent consideration of up to based upon meeting certain future EBITDA targets over the next . Cash acquired was and debt was assumed. The transaction costs, pro-forma effects of this acquisition on our operations, and contribution to revenue and net income for the years ended December 31, 2021 presented in the consolidated statements of income were not material. 
 The estimated goodwill of from the Plug Smart acquisition consists largely of expected benefits, including the combined entities experience, technical problem-solving capabilities, and the acquired workforce. This goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. The estimated fair value of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management's estimates and assumptions that are preliminary and subject to final working capital adjustments as of the acquisition date. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made a final measurement period adjustment to working capital, goodwill, and intangible assets, and made a payment of for the December 2021 earn-out. The fair value of the remaining contingent consideration increased to as of December 31, 2022. See Note 18 for additional information on contingent consideration. 
 We did not complete any acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Accounts receivable Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings Prepaid expenses and other current assets Goodwill Intangible assets ) Operating lease assets Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) ) ) Current portion of operating lease liabilities ) ) Billings in excess of cost and estimated earnings ) ) Deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Long-term operating lease liabilities, net of current portion ) ) Purchase price ) Purchase price, net of cash acquired ) Total fair value of consideration Cash paid to date Hold-back 
 
 5. 
 Goodwill acquired during the year Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Remeasurement adjustments Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 Our annual goodwill impairment review was performed each year-end using a quantitative approach, and we determined that there was goodwill impairment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We tested goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level utilizing the income approach which included a discounted cash flow method with a market approach. Based on our assessment, all our reporting units with goodwill had estimated fair values that exceeded their carrying values by at least as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Customer relationships Non-compete agreements Technology Tradenames Total gross carrying amount Accumulated Amortization Customer contracts Customer relationships Non-compete agreements Technology Tradenames Total accumulated amortization Intangible assets, net 
 Customer contracts are amortized ratably over the period of the acquired customer contracts ranging in periods from approximately one to . All other intangible assets are amortized over periods ranging from approximately four to , as defined by the nature of the respective intangible asset. 
 Separable intangible assets that are not deemed to have indefinite lives are amortized over their useful lives. We annually assess whether a change in the useful life is necessary, or more frequently if events or circumstances warrant. No changes to useful lives were made during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Customer relationships Selling, general and administrative expenses Non-compete agreements Selling, general and administrative expenses Technology Selling, general and administrative expenses Tradenames Selling, general and administrative expenses Total amortization expense 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 2024 2025 2026 Total 

6. 
 Computer equipment and software costs Leasehold improvements Automobiles Land Property and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 The following table sets forth our depreciation expense on property and equipment: 
 Year Ended December 31, Location 2022 2021 2020 Selling, general administrative expenses 

7. 
 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Energy assets, net (1) Includes financing lease assets (see Note 8), capitalized interest and ARO assets (see tables below). 

(1) Includes depreciation and amortization expense on financing lease assets. See Note 8. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

During September 2021, there was a triggering event which caused us to perform an impairment analysis on an energy asset group within the Alternative Fuels segment. This triggering event was related to a decision by the applicable state environmental agency to discontinue an environmental permit. This action materially modified the obligation of the landfill owner to continue maintaining the wellfield, therefore, we plan to decommission the impacted landfill gas plant. As a result, we recorded an impairment charge of , which fully impaired this asset group. 
 During August 2020, we performed an engine overhaul on one of our energy assets, however, the engine consistently failed to achieve emissions compliance and we considered the engine unsalvageable. As a result of this event, we performed an impairment analysis on this energy asset group within the Alternative Fuels segment and recorded an impairment charge of , which fully impaired this asset group. 
 The impairment charges are included in selling, general, and administrative expenses within the consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 We assessed the impact that the supply chain challenges, development of the COVID-19 pandemic, war in Ukraine, evolving relations between the U.S. and China, and other geopolitical tensions has or is expected to have on the business, and concluded that it was not a triggering event for impairment purposes and there was no indication of impairment of long-lived assets, except as indicated above, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We include certain customer energy asset projects in our energy assets, as we control and operate the assets as well as obtain financing during the construction and operating periods of the assets. We also carry a liability associated with these energy assets as we have an obligation to the customer for performance of the asset. Provided that performance criteria is met, the customer is responsible for repayment of the liability to the financing party. As of December 31, 2022 there were energy asset projects which were included in energy assets and as of December 31, 2021, there were . 
 Other liabilities Total customer energy asset projects liability 
 In order to expand our portfolio of energy assets, we have acquired energy projects, which did not constitute businesses under the guidance discussed in Note 2. 
 Purchase price (1) 
 Remaining deferred purchase consideration on previously closed projects (1) 
 (1) In 2021 amounts were included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 
 Our ARO assets and ARO liabilities relate to the removal of equipment and pipelines at certain renewable gas projects and obligations related to the decommissioning of certain solar facilities. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 ARO liabilities, current Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ARO liabilities, non-current Other liabilities 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Depreciation expense of ARO assets Accretion expense of ARO liabilities 

8. 
 or more renewal options that allow us, at our discretion, to renew the lease for to . Only renewal options that we believed were likely to be exercised were included in our lease calculations. Many land leases include minimum lease payments that commence or increase when the related project becomes operational. In these cases, we estimated the commercial operation date used to calculate the ROU asset and minimum lease payments. 
 A portion of our real estate leases are generally subject to annual changes in the Consumer Price Index CPI ). We utilized each lease s minimum lease payments to calculate the lease balances upon transition. The subsequent increases in rent based on changes in CPI were excluded and will be excluded for future leases from the calculation of the lease balances, but will be recorded to the consolidated statements of income as part of our operating lease costs. 
 The discount rate was calculated using an incremental borrowing rate based on financing rates on secured comparable notes with comparable terms and a synthetic credit rating calculated by a third party. We elected to apply the discount rate using the remaining lease term at the date of adoption. 
 We also enter into leases for service agreements and other leases related to our construction projects such as equipment, mobile trailers, and other temporary structures. We utilize the portfolio approach for this class of lease, which are either short-term leases or are not material. 
 
 We have a number of leases that are classified as financing leases, which related to transactions that were considered sale-leasebacks under ASC 840. See the sale-leaseback section below for additional information on our financing leases. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Current portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Total Operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term years years Weighted-average discount rate Financing Leases (1) 
 Energy assets, net Current portions of financing lease liabilities Long-term financing lease liabilities, net of current portion, unamortized discount and debt issuance costs Total financing lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term years years Weighted-average discount rate (1) Includes sale-leaseback transactions entered into prior to January 1, 2019. 
 Financing Leases Amortization expense Interest on lease liabilities Total financing lease costs Total lease costs 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to our leases was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 We have future lease commitments for leases, which do not yet meet the criteria for recording ROU assets or ROU liabilities as the leases have not commenced. The net present value of these commitments total as of December 31, 2022 which relate to lease payments to be made over a range of five to years. 
 Non-recourse Sale-leasebacks and Financing Leases 
 We entered into sale-leaseback arrangements for solar PV energy assets prior to January 1, 2019, which remain under the previous guidance. 
 Deferred loss, long-term, net Total deferred loss Deferred gain, short-term, net Deferred gain, long-term, net Total deferred gain 
 Net gains from amortization expense in cost of revenues related to deferred gains and losses were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 August 2018 Master Sale-leaseback 
 We enter into amendments to our August 2018 master lease and participation agreement from to time to time, which may extend the maturity date, increase the availability, or modify other covenants. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into amendments to this facility which extended the current maturity date to June 30, 2023. 
 We sold and leased back energy assets for in cash proceeds under this facility during the year ended December 31, 2022. The agreements have low interest rates ranging from to , as a result of tax credits which were transferred to the counterparty. As of December 31, 2022, approximately remained available under this lending commitment. 
 December 2020 Master Sale-leaseback 
 We enter into amendments to our December 2020 master lease and participation agreement from to time to time, which may extend the maturity date, increase the availability, or modify other covenants. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 and the extended the current maturity date to December 31, 2022. We sold and leased back energy assets for in cash proceeds under this facility during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, funding is available under this lending commitment. 
 See Note 9 for additional information on these financing facilities. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 9. 
 , due September 2023 to March 2025 (1) (8) 
 June 2020 construction revolver, , due June 2023 (2) (8) 
 July 2020 construction revolver, , due June 2023 (2) (8) 
 Subtotal non-recourse construction revolvers Variable rate term loan, , due June 2024 (2) (3) 
 Term loan, due June 2028 (5) 
 Variable rate term loan, , due May 2025 (4) 
 Variable rate term loan, , due March 2023 (4) 
 Term loan, , due July 2031 (4) 
 Term loan, , due March 2028 (4) 
 Term loan, , due April 2027 (5) 
 Term loan, , due February 2034 (4) 
 Variable rate term loan, , due December 2027 (4) 
 Variable rate term loan, due March 2026 (2) (4) 
 Fixed rate note, , due October 2037 
 Term loan, , due December 2038 (2) (4) 
 Variable rate term loan, , due June 2033 (2) (3) 
 Variable rate term loan, , due October 2029 (2) (5) 
 Fixed rate note, due April 2040 
 Fixed rate note, , due December 2027 (4) 
 Fixed rate note, , due June 2045 (4) 
 Fixed rate note, , due March 2046 (4) 
 Variable rate term loan, , due July 2030 (4) (8) 
 Fixed rate note, , due March 2046 
 Subtotal non-recourse term loans August 2018 master sale-leaseback, to , due July 2039 to July 2047 (3) (6) 
 December 2020 master sale-leaseback, , due December 2040 to December 2042 (4) (6) 
 Subtotal non-recourse sale-leasebacks Financing leases (7) 
 Total debt and financing leases Less: current maturities Less: unamortized discount and debt issuance costs Long-term debt and financing lease liabilities, net of current portion, unamortized discount and debt issuance costs (1) Facility has interest at varying rates monthly in arrears. (2) These agreements have acceleration causes that, in the event of default, as defined, the payee has the option to accelerate payment terms and make the remaining principal and the required interest balance due according to the agreement. (3) Facility is payable in semi-annual installments. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 in future interest payments as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. See Note 8. 
 (8) These agreements are now using the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the primary reference rate used to calculate interest. See Note 8. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total maturities 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility - Revolver and Term Loans 
 In March 2022, we entered into the fifth amended and restated senior secured credit facility with banks, which included the following amendments: 
 increased the aggregate amount of total commitments from to , 
 increased the aggregate amount of the revolving commitments from to , 
 increased the existing term loan A from to , 
 extended the maturity date of the revolving commitment and term loan A from June 28, 2024 to March 4, 2025, 
 added a delayed draw term loan A for up to through a September 4, 2023 maturity date, 
 increased the total funded debt to EBITDA covenant ratio from a maximum of to for the quarter ended March 31, 2022; for the quarter ending June 30, 2022, for the quarters ending September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022; and thereafter, 
 specified the debt service coverage ratio (the ratio of (a) cash flow of the core Ameresco companies, to (b) debt service of the core Ameresco companies as of the end of each fiscal quarter) to be less than , and 
 increased our limit under an energy conversation project financing to , which provides us with flexibility to grow our federal business further. 
 We accounted for this amendment as a modification and at closing we incurred in lenders fees which were reflected as debt discount and in third party fees which were reflected as debt issuance costs. The unamortized debt discount and issuance costs of the previous agreement are being amortized over the remaining term of the amended agreement, with the exception of of costs relating to a previous syndicated lender which did not participate in this amendment. These costs were expensed in other expenses, net during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In June 2022, we entered into the first amendment to the fifth amended and restated senior secured credit facility, which increased the maximum indebtedness incurred under an energy conservation project financing from to from and after April 1, 2022, to and including December 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum indebtedness incurred under an energy conservation project financing reverted back to . 
 The revolving credit facility may be increased up to an additional in increments of at least at the approval of lenders, subject to certain conditions. Up to of the revolving credit facility may be borrowed in Canadian dollars, Euros, or pounds sterling. We are the sole borrower under the credit facility. The obligations under the credit facility are guaranteed by certain of our direct and indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries and are secured by a pledge of all of Ameresco s and such subsidiary guarantors assets, other than the equity interests of certain subsidiaries and assets held in non-core subsidiaries (as defined in the agreement). 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Delayed draw term loan Revolving credit facility Total senior secured credit facility outstanding (1) 
 (1) Net of unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs of in 2022 and in 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, funds of were available for borrowing under the revolving credit facility and we had in letters of credit outstanding. We expect to use the remaining funds available under the credit facility for general corporate purposes, including permitted acquisitions, refinancing of existing indebtedness and working capital. 
 The interest rate for borrowings under the credit facility is based on (i) each term loan shall bear interest at the term SOFR for such interest period plus the applicable rate for such facility; (ii) each base rate loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the base rate plus the applicable rate; (iii) each alternative currency daily rate loan shall bear at a rate per annum equal to the alternative currency daily rate plus the applicable rate; (iv) each alternative currency term rate loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the alternative currency term rate for such interest period plus the applicable rate; and (v) each swingline loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the base rate plus the applicable rate. 
 The revolving credit facility does not require amortization of principal. The term loan requires quarterly principal payments of beginning in the first quarter of 2024, with the balance due at maturity. All borrowings may be paid before maturity in whole or in part at our option without penalty or premium, other than reimbursement of any breakage and deployment costs in the case of LIBOR borrowings. 
 The credit facility limits Ameresco s and our subsidiaries ability to, among other things: incur additional indebtedness; incur liens or guarantee obligations; merge, liquidate or dispose of assets; make acquisitions or other investments; enter into hedging agreements; pay dividends and make other distributions and engage in transactions with affiliates, except in the ordinary course of business on an arms length basis. 
 Under the credit facility, Ameresco and our core domestic subsidiaries may not invest cash or property in, or loan to, our non-core subsidiaries in aggregate amounts exceeding of our consolidated stockholders equity. In addition, we and our core subsidiaries must maintain a ratio of total funded debt to EBITDA as noted above, and a debt service coverage ratio (as defined in the agreement) of at least to 1.0. 
 Any failure to comply with the financial or other covenants of the credit facility would not only prevent us from being able to borrow additional funds, but would constitute a default, permitting the lenders to, among other things, accelerate the amounts outstanding, including all accrued interest and unpaid fees, under the credit facility, to terminate the credit facility, and enforce liens against the collateral. 
 The credit facility also includes several other customary events of default, including a change in control of Ameresco, permitting the lenders to accelerate the indebtedness, terminate the credit facility, and enforce liens against the collateral. 
 For purposes of our senior secured facility, EBITDA, as defined, excludes the results of certain renewable energy projects that we own and for which financing from others remains outstanding; total funded debt, as defined, includes amounts outstanding under both the term loan and revolver portions of the senior secured credit facility plus other indebtedness, but excludes non-recourse indebtedness of project company subsidiaries; and debt service, as defined, includes principal and interest payments on the indebtedness included in total funded debt other than principal payments on the revolver portion of the facility. 
 Non-recourse Fixed Rate Note, , due October 2037 
 In October 2022, one of our subsidiaries entered into a loan agreement with a new lender under a non-recourse credit facility, refinancing a previous non-recourse credit facility originally signed on October 23, 2020, which was scheduled to expire March 31, 2026. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 and bears interest at a rate of with a residual percentage of distributable cash flows payable after the maturity date of the loan, until the earlier of the lender achieving an IRR on funds borrowed under the facility, or the facility discharge date on October 26, 2047. The principal and interest payments are due in quarterly installments based on an amortization schedule with the principal payments being adjusted based on the distributable cash flows from the three renewable natural gas projects owned and operated by the project companies. No up-front, commitment or structuring fees were payable on the credit facility. The obligations under the loan are guaranteed by all the related subsidiaries and are secured by the subsidiaries assets as well as our equity interest in the signing subsidiary. Borrowings under the credit facility are otherwise non-recourse to Ameresco. 
 At the closing, we drew down under this facility, approximately of which was used to repay all amounts outstanding under the prior loan and the remainder was used to terminate swap obligations, pay transaction costs, make permitted distributions to Ameresco and for the project companies working capital needs. Unamortized debt discount fees of and debt issuance costs of related to the prior loan were expensed in other expenses, net during the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, we terminated an interest rate swap and a commodity swap related to the prior loan before their maturity dates. These swap terminations resulted in a settlement gain on undesignated derivatives of . 
 The new facility allows additional draws, subject to certain conditions, up to the remaining principal amount, to be used to make distributions to Ameresco. On December 21, 2022, we drew down an additional under this facility. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding under this facility, net of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs of . 
 Non-recourse Fixed Rate Note, , due March 2046, Variable Rate Term Loan, , due July 2030, and Fixed Rate Note, , due March 31, 2042 
 In July 2021, we entered into a non-recourse debt agreement with a group of lenders. The financing facility consists of gross proceeds of in senior secured first lien term notes due March 2046 Senior Notes ), gross proceeds of in floating rate senior secured second lien term notes due July 2030 Second Lien Notes ), and a shelf facility of up to available until July 2024. The lenders, in their sole discretion, have the right to approve or deny our funding requests. 
 In June 2022, senior secured notes Shelf Notes due March 31, 2042 were issued under our shelf facility, with gross proceeds of . The Shelf Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum and are payable quarterly commencing September 30, 2022. 
 The Senior Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum, are payable quarterly commencing September 30, 2021, and require that the project s debt service coverage ratio for both the historical 12-month and projected 12-month periods at each payment date equal or exceed to 1.0. 
 The Second Lien Notes bear a floating rate equal to the applicable SOFR plus from July 27, 2021 to July 26, 2025 and on July 27, 2025 the rate increases to the applicable SOFR plus . The Second Lien Notes are payable on each quarterly payment date commencing September 30, 2021, as specified in the debt agreement. 
 The agreement also requires us to maintain of scheduled payments of principal and interest as the minimum debt service reserve and to make additional principal prepayments based on project cash flows and certain other conditions through the earlier of maturity or when the principal balance is paid in full. 
 At closing, we incurred in lender fees and debt issuance costs on the Shelf Notes. In connection with the Senior Notes, we recorded a derivative instrument for make-whole provisions with an initial value of , which was recorded as a debt discount. See Note 19 for additional information. The aggregate balance of the Senior Notes, and Second Lien Notes as of December 31, 2022 was , net of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs. 
 Non-recourse Construction Revolvers 
 June 2020 Construction Revolver, , due June 2023 
 In June 2020, we entered into a revolving credit agreement with a bank, with an aggregate borrowing capacity of for use in financing the construction cost of our owned projects. 
 We enter into amendments to our June 2020 construction revolver from to time to time, which may extend the maturity date, increase the availability, or modify other covenants. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 . 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we drew down under this revolver. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding and was available for borrowing. 
 July 2020 Construction Revolver, , due June 2023 
 We enter into amendments to our July 2020 construction revolver from to time to time, which may extend the maturity date, increase the availability, or modify other covenants. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into amendments to extend this revolver and the current maturity date is January 31, 2023. In January 2023, we signed an amendment which extended the maturity dates on two projects to June 2023, extended the maturity date of the loan agreement until July 2023, and reduced the revolving loan commitment to . 
 
 10. 
 Foreign Income before income taxes) ) ) State Foreign Total current ) Deferred income tax provision (benefit): Federal ) State Foreign ) Total deferred ) Total income tax provision (benefit) ) ) 
 Our deferred tax assets and liabilities result primarily from temporary differences between financial reporting and tax recognition of depreciation, energy efficiency, sale-leasebacks and other accruals, and net operating loss carryforwards. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Reserves Sale-leasebacks and other accruals Net operating losses Interest rate swaps Energy efficiency Deferred revenue Gross deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Depreciation ) ) Deferred effect of derivative liability ) ) Canadian capital cost, allowance and amortization ) ) United Kingdom goodwill amortization ) ) Outside basis difference ) ) Interest rate swaps ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Deferred income tax liabilities, net ) ) 
 Foreign net operating loss (2) 
 State net operating loss at one of our subsidiaries (3) 
 Total valuation allowance (1) The deferred tax asset represents a future capital loss which can only be recognized for income tax purposes to the extent of capital gain income. Although we anticipate sufficient future taxable income, it is more likely than not that it will not be the appropriate character to allow for the recognition of the future capital loss. 
 (2) It is more likely than not that we will not generate sufficient taxable income at the foreign subsidiary level to utilize the net operating loss. 
 (3) It is more likely than not that we will not generate sufficient taxable income at the subsidiary level to utilize the net operating loss. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Indefinite State net operating loss carryforwards Various Canadian net operating loss carryforwards 2028 through 2042 Ireland net operating loss carryforwards Indefinite Greece net operating loss carryforwards 2027 Spain net operating loss carryforwards Indefinite Total tax loss carryforwards Federal Energy Investment and Production tax credit carryforward 2030 through 2042 
 
 The provision for income taxes is based on the various rates set by federal and local authorities and is affected by permanent and temporary differences between financial accounting and tax reporting requirements. 
 The principal reasons for the difference between the statutory rate and the estimated annual effective rate for 2022 were the effects of investment tax credits we are entitled from solar plants which have been placed into service during 2022, the tax deductions related to the Section 179D Commercial Buildings Energy-Efficiency deduction, the benefit of disqualifying dispositions on certain employee stock options and favorable tax basis adjustments on certain partnership flip transactions. 
 
 The principal reasons for the difference between the statutory rate and the estimated annual effective rate for 2021 were the effects of investment tax credits we are entitled from solar plants which have been placed into service during 2021, the tax deductions related to the Section 179D Commercial Buildings Energy-Efficiency deduction, the benefit of disqualifying dispositions on certain employee stock options and favorable tax basis adjustments on certain partnership flip transactions. 
 The investment tax credits and production tax credits we may be entitled to fluctuate from year to year based on the cost of the renewable energy plants we place in service and production levels at facilities we own in that year. 
 On December 27, 2020 the President signed the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 H.R. 133, which among other things made the Section 179D Energy Efficient Commercial Building Deduction permanent. The Section had previously been extended for years up to December 31, 2020. That Act also made changes to the way in which the deduction is calculated including adding an inflation adjustment and an update of the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers ASHRAE Standard by which energy improvements are measured. On December 23, 2022, the IRS issued Announcement 2023-1 which clarified the ASHRAE energy efficiency standards which will be applied to projects placed in service for 2021 and 2022. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Federal statutory tax expense State income taxes, net of federal benefit Net state impact of deferred rate change ) ) ) Nondeductible expenses Impact of reserve for uncertain tax positions ) Stock-based compensation expense ) ) Energy efficiency preferences ) ) ) Foreign items and rate differential Redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Miscellaneous Total income tax provision (benefit) ) ) Effective tax rate: Federal statutory rate expense State income taxes, net of federal benefit Net state impact of deferred rate change ) ) ) Nondeductible expenses Impact of reserve for uncertain tax positions ) Stock-based compensation expense ) ) Energy efficiency preferences ) ) ) Foreign items and rate differential Redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Miscellaneous Effective tax rate ) ) 
 
 Additions for current year tax positions Balance, end of year 
 The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in any future periods was as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021 (both net of the federal benefit on state amounts). 
 We do not accrue U.S. tax for foreign earnings that we consider to be permanently reinvested outside the United States. Consequently, we have not provided any withholding tax on the unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we estimated that there were earnings for which repatriation tax has not been provided. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. 
 
 11. 
 investment funds (tax equity partnerships) with third party investors which granted the applicable investor ownership interests in the net assets of certain of our renewable energy project subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, we had such investment funds each with a different third-party investor. 
 We consolidate the investment funds, and all inter-company balances and transactions between Ameresco and the investment funds are eliminated in our consolidated financial statements. We determined that the investment funds meet the definition of a VIE. We use a qualitative approach in assessing the consolidation requirement for VIEs that focuses on determining whether we have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly affect the VIE s economic performance and whether we have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
 We have considered the provisions within the contractual arrangements that grant us power to manage and make decisions that affect the operation of these VIEs, including determining the solar energy systems and associated long term customer contracts to be sold or contributed to the VIEs, and installation, operation, and maintenance of the solar energy systems. We considered the rights granted to the other investors under the contractual arrangements to be more protective in nature rather than participating rights. As such, we determined that we are the primary beneficiary of the VIEs for all periods presented. We evaluate our relationships with VIEs on an ongoing basis to ensure that we continue to be the primary beneficiary. 
 Under the related agreements, cash distributions of income and other receipts by the funds, net of agreed-upon expenses and estimated expenses, tax benefits and detriments of income and loss, and tax benefits of tax credits, are assigned to the funds investor and our subsidiaries as specified in contractual arrangements. Certain of these arrangements have call and put options to acquire the investor s equity interest as specified in the contractual agreements. See Note 12 for additional information about these investment funds and the call and put options. 
 Other Variable Interest Entities 
 We execute certain contracts jointly with third parties through various forms of joint ventures. Although the joint ventures own and hold the contracts with the clients, the services required by the contracts are typically performed by us and our joint venture partners, or by other subcontractors under subcontracting agreements with the joint ventures. Many of these joint ventures are formed for a specific project. The assets of these joint ventures generally consist almost entirely of cash and land, and the liabilities of our joint ventures generally consist almost entirely of amounts due to the joint venture partners. 
 We follow guidance on the consolidation of VIEs that requires companies to utilize a qualitative approach to determine whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. The process for identifying the primary beneficiary of a VIE requires consideration of the factors that indicate a party has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the joint ventures economic performance, including powers granted to the joint ventures program manager, powers contained in the joint venture governing board and, to a certain extent, a company's economic interest in the joint venture. We analyze our joint ventures and classify them as either: 
 a VIE that must be consolidated because we are the primary beneficiary or the joint venture is not a VIE and we hold the majority voting interest with no significant participative rights available to the other partners, or 
 a VIE that does not require consolidation and is treated as an equity method investment because we are not the primary beneficiary or the joint venture is not a VIE and we do not hold the majority voting interest. 
 Many of our joint ventures are deemed to be VIEs because they lack sufficient equity to finance the activities of the joint venture. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total VIE current assets Property and equipment, net Energy assets, net Operating lease assets Restricted cash, non-current portion Other assets Total VIE assets Current portions of long-term debt and financing lease liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current portions of operating lease liabilities Total VIE current liabilities Long-term debt and financing lease liabilities, net of current portion, unamortized discount and debt issuance costs Long-term operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Other liabilities Total VIE liabilities 
 Equity Method Investments 
 Unconsolidated VIEs/joint ventures are accounted for under the equity method. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into unconsolidated joint ventures and during the year ended December 31, 2021 we invested in one new joint venture. No other material investments were made. 
 Our investment balances for these equity method investments are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and our pro rata share of net income or loss is included in operating income. 
 Earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities ) 
 
 12. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 of the investors contributed capital balance at the time the option is exercisable. 
 (2) Purchase price is equal to the greater of (i) the fair market value of such interests at the time the option is exercised or (ii) of the investors contributed capital balance at the time the option is exercisable. The call options are exercisable beginning on the date that specified conditions are met for each respective fund. These dates are estimate and subject to change based on last funding date. 
 (3) Purchase price is the sum of (i) the fair market value at the time the option is exercised, and (ii) the closing costs incurred by the investor in connection with the exercise of the put option. (4) Purchase price is the lessor of fair market value at the time the option is exercised and the sum of (i) of the investors contributed capital balance at the time the option is exercisable, and (ii) the fair market value of any unpaid tax law change losses incurred by the investor in connection with the exercise of the put option. 
 
 The call options are exercisable beginning on the date that specified conditions are met for each respective fund. 
 We reclassified the remaining redeemable non-controlling interest balance to paid-in capital to reflect the additional contribution from us to our wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 Because the put options represent redemption features that are not solely within our control, the non-controlling interests in these funds are presented outside of permanent equity. Redeemable non-controlling interests are reported using the greater of their carrying value (which is impacted by attribution under the HLBV method) or their estimated redemption value at each reporting period. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, redeemable non-controlling interests were reported in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at their carrying values, as the carrying value at each reporting period was greater than the estimated redemption value. 
 
 13. 
 shares of our Class A common stock at a public offering price of per share. Net proceeds from the offering were , after deducting offering costs of . On March 15, 2021, we closed on the underwriters option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock from us, resulting in net proceeds of after deducting offering costs of . We used of the net proceeds to repay in full the outstanding U.S. dollar balance under our senior secured revolving credit facility and used the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes. 
 In the offering, selling shareholders sold shares of our Class A Common Stock at a public offering price of per share, less the underwriting discount. We did t receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares by the selling stockholders. 

85 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 vote per share and is not convertible into any other shares of our capital stock. Each share of our Class B common stock is entitled to votes per share, is convertible at any time into share of Class A common stock at the option of the holder of such share and will automatically convert into share of Class A common stock upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including a transfer of such shares (other than to such holder s family members, descendants or certain affiliated persons or entities). Our Board of Directors is authorized to fix the rights and terms for any series of preferred stock without additional shareholder approval. 
 Earnings Per Share 
 Adjustment for accretion of tax equity financing fees ) ) ) Income attributable to common shareholders Denominator: Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding Net income per share attributable to common shareholders: Basic Diluted Potentially dilutive shares (1) 
 (1) Potentially dilutive shares attributable to stock options were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 14. 
 shares of our Class A common stock were reserved for issuance under the 2010 Plan. As of December 31, 2020, there were longer shares available for grant under the 2010 Plan. 
 Our 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ), was adopted by our Board of Directors in February 2020 and approved by our stockholders in May 2020. The 2020 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, RSUs, and other stock-based awards. Upon its effectiveness, shares of our Class A common stock were reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, we granted options and RSUs to purchase shares of Class A common stock, of which shares were forfeited or expired, leaving shares available for grant under the 2020 Plan. 
 Stock Options 
 We did not grant awards to individuals who were not either an employee or director of ours during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

86 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 years Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 years Expected to vest at December 31, 2022 years 
 
 The following table sets forth additional disclosures about our plans: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised Cash received from stock option exercises Weighted-average fair value of stock options granted Stock-based compensation expense (1) 
 Income tax benefit from stock-based compensation expense (1) Included in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and includes expense in connection with our ESPP and RSUs. 
 Under the terms of our 2010 Plan and 2020 Plan, all options expire if not exercised within after the grant date. During 2011, we began awarding options which typically vest over a period on an annual ratable basis. From time to time, we award options providing for vesting over , with one-third vesting on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date. During the year ended December 31, 2019, we granted common stock options to certain employees and directors under our 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, which have a contractual life of and vest based upon the achievement of specific performance goals over . If the employee ceases to be employed by us for any reason before vested options have been exercised, the employee has days to exercise options that have vested as of the date of such employee s termination, or they are forfeited. 
 We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the weighted-average fair value of options granted. We recognize the compensation cost of stock-based awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. 
 The determination of the fair value of stock-based payment awards utilizing the Black-Scholes model is affected by the stock price and a number of assumptions, including expected volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected life years years years 
 We will continue to use judgment in evaluating the expected term and volatility related to stock-based compensation on a prospective basis and incorporate these factors into the Black-Scholes pricing model. We record forfeitures as they occur. Higher volatility and longer expected lives result in an increase to stock-based compensation expense determined at the date of grant. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 of unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock option awards that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we granted awards of RSUs to our non-employee directors under our 2020 Plan. These RSUs represent a promise to deliver shares to participants at a future date after certain vesting conditions are met. RSUs do not have the voting rights of common stock and the shares underlying RSUs are not considered issued and outstanding upon grant. The fair value of RSUs is based on the closing stock price of our common stock on the grant-date and expensed over the requisite service period of the award. 
 Granted Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Total stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to RSUs was . 
 As of December 31, 2022, of the RSUs were vested and there was of unrecognized compensation expense related to RSUs that is expected to be recognized over a period of years. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Our 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan permits eligible employees to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class A common stock. In May 2020, we amended our ESPP, which permits eligible employees to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of our Class A common stock. This plan commenced December 1, 2017 and was subsequently amended in August 2018. The ESPP allows participants to purchase shares of common stock at a discount from the fair market value of the stock as determined on specific dates at intervals. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued and shares, respectively, under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount that had been withheld from employees for future purchases under the ESPP was and , respectively. 
 
 of the first percent of base compensation that a participant contributes to the plans. 
 In 2016, we established a Group Personal Pension Plan for employees in the United Kingdom, for eligible employees who may contribute a portion of their compensation, subject to their age and other limitations established by HM Revenue Customs. The plan requires us to contribute of the first percent of base compensation that a participant contributes to the plans. 
 We also have a Registered Retirement Savings Plan for employees in Canada, for eligible employees who may contribute a portion of their compensation. The plan requires us to contribute of the first percent of base compensation that a participant contributes to the plans. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Group Personal Pension Plan Registered Retirement Savings Plan Total matching contributions 
 
 15. 
 contractors, including us, claiming both physical damages to the customer s tangible property and damages caused by various alleged defects in the design of the project through negligent acts and/or omissions, breaches of contract and breaches of the implied warranty of good and workmanlike manner. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we accrued a reasonable estimate of the loss, which was included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets and we accrued a loss recovery from insurance proceeds which was included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. The estimated loss and the loss recovery were included in selling, general, and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into a settlement agreement and the net settlement was paid and the loss recovery from insurance proceeds was reversed during this same period. 
 We are involved in a variety of other claims and other legal proceedings generally incidental to our normal business activities. While the outcome of any of these proceedings cannot be accurately predicted, we do not believe the ultimate resolution of any of these existing matters would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Commitments as a Result of Acquisitions 
 In August 2018, we completed an acquisition of Chelsea Group Limited which provided for a revenue earn-out contingent upon the acquired business meeting certain cumulative revenue targets over from the acquisition date. We evaluated financial forecasts of the acquired business and concluded that the fair value of this earn-out was approximately upon acquisition. The fair value was subsequently increased to as of December 31, 2021, decreased to as of December 31, 2022, and is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The contingent consideration will be paid annually in May, if any of the cumulative revenue targets are achieved. payments have been made to date. The fair value of the earn-out will be re-evaluated at each reporting period and adjustments will be recorded as needed. 
 In December 2021, we completed an acquisition of Plug Smart which provided for an earn-out based on future EBITDA targets beginning with EBITDA performance for the month of December 2021 and each fiscal year thereafter, over a period through December 31, 2026. The maximum cumulative earn-out is and we evaluated financial forecasts of the acquired business and concluded that the fair value of this earn-out was approximately upon acquisition and remained consistent as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, a payment of was made for the month of December 2021 EBITDA target and the fair value of the remaining contingent consideration was increased to . An increase of in the fair value of contingent consideration was included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income during the year ended December 31, 2022. The current portion of the contingent consideration is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and the non-current portion is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 See Notes 4 and 18 for additional information. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 16. 
 Canada Other Total long-lived assets 
 We attribute revenues to customers based on the location of the customer. The following table presents revenues by geographic region: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues United States Canada Other Total revenues 
 
 17.) ) Interest expense, net of interest income Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs Foreign currency transaction loss (gain) ) Government incentives ) ) ) Other expenses, net 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 18. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Liabilities Interest rate swap instruments 2 Commodity swap instruments 2 Make-whole provisions 2 Contingent consideration 3 Total liabilities 
 The fair value of our interest rate swaps was determined using cash flow analysis on the expected cash flow of the contract in combination with observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatility. As part of this valuation, we considered the credit ratings of the counterparties to the interest rate swaps to determine if a credit risk adjustment was required. 
 The fair value of our commodity swaps was determined using a cash flow analysis on the expected cash flow of the contract in combination with observable forward price inputs obtained from a third-party pricing source. As part of this valuation, we considered the credit ratings of the counterparties to the commodity swaps to determine if a credit risk adjustment was required. 
 The fair value of our make-whole provisions was determined by comparing them against the rates of similar debt instruments under similar terms without a make-whole provision obtained from various highly rated third-party pricing sources. 
 The fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities was determined by evaluating the acquired asset s future financial forecasts and evaluating which, if any, of the cumulative revenue targets, financial metrics and/or milestones are likely to be met. We classified contingent consideration related to certain acquisitions within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because the fair value is derived using significant unobservable inputs, which include discount rates, probability-weighted cash flows, and volatility. We determined the fair value of our contingent consideration obligations based on a probability-weighted income approach derived from financial performance estimates and probability assessments of the attainment of certain targets for some acquisitions. For other acquisitions, we derived the fair value of contingent consideration using a Monte Carlo simulation in an option pricing framework. We established discount rates utilized in our valuation models based on the cost to borrow that would be required by a market participant for similar instruments. In determining the probability of attaining certain technical, financial and operational targets, we utilized data regarding similar milestone events from our own experience, while considering the inherent difficulties and uncertainties in developing a product. On a quarterly basis, we reassess the probability factors associated with the financial, operational, and technical targets for our contingent consideration obligations. Significant judgment is employed in determining the appropriateness of these assumptions as of the acquisition date and for each subsequent period. 
 We derived the fair value of the contingent consideration of from the acquisition of Plug Smart in December 2021 using a Monte Carlo simulated model. The key assumptions used in the model include two scenarios of EBITDA projections, a base case 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 , and estimated EBITDA volatility of . We derived the fair value of contingent consideration of for the acquisition of Plug Smart as of December 31, 2022 using a Monte Carlo simulated model. The key assumptions used in the model include two scenarios of EBITDA projections, a base case and a higher case, a risk-adjusted discount rate of , and estimated EBITDA volatility of . 
 As of December 31, 2022, the key assumptions used in the model related to the contingent consideration from the acquisition of certain assets of Chelsea Group Limited include a discount rate of for purposes of discounting the low and base case scenarios associated with achievement of the financial based earn-out. The probabilities assigned to these scenarios were for both the low and base case scenarios. An increase or decrease in the probability of achievement of any scenario could result in a significant increase or decrease to the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration liability. The fair value of the contingent consideration from this acquisition was as of December 31, 2021 and was decreased to as of December 31, 2022. 
 Contingent consideration issued in connection with acquisitions Remeasurement period adjustment ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Contingent consideration liabilities balance at the end of year 
 The fair value of financial instruments is determined by reference to observable market data and other valuation techniques, as appropriate. Long-term debt is the only category of financial instruments where the difference between fair value and recorded book value is notable. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of our long-term debt was estimated using discounted cash flows analysis, based on our current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements which are considered to be level two inputs. There have been no transfers in or out of level two or three for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 We are also required to periodically measure certain other assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, including long-lived assets, goodwill, and other intangible assets. We calculated the fair value used in our annual goodwill impairment analysis utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis and determined that the inputs used were level 3 inputs. Other than intangible assets acquired from the Plug Smart acquisition, as noted in Note 4, there were other assets recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 19. 
 Interest rate swap contracts Other liabilities Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Interest rate swap contracts Other assets Commodity swap contracts Other liabilities Make-whole provisions Other liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, all but of our freestanding derivatives were designated as hedging instruments and as of December 31, 2021, all but of our derivatives were designated as hedging instruments. 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Interest rate swap contracts Other expenses, net ) ) Commodity swap contracts Other expenses, net ) Make-whole provisions Other expenses, net ) ) )) Unrealized gain recognized in AOCI Loss reclassified from AOCI to other expenses, net Net gain on derivatives AOCI at the end of the year 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 -Year, Fixed 
 October 2018 October 2029 Designated -Year, Fixed 
 June 2018 June 2033 Designated -Year, Fixed 
 June 2017 December 2027 Designated -Year, Fixed 
 February 2023 December 2038 Designated -Year, Fixed 
 February 2016 February 2023 Designated -Year, Fixed 
 March 2020 June 2028 Designated -Year, Fixed 
 March 2020 June 2028 Designated -Year, Fixed 
 May 2020 March 2033 Not Designated -Year, Fixed 
 May 2020 March 2033 Not Designated -Year, Fixed 
 September 2008 March 2024 Designated 
 Other Derivatives Classification Effective Date Expiration Date Fair Value ) Make-whole provisions Liability June/August 2018 December 2038 Make-whole provisions Liability August 2016 April 2031 Make-whole provisions Liability April 2017 February 2034 Make-whole provisions Liability November 2020 December 2027 Make-whole provisions Liability October 2011 May 2028 Make-whole provisions Liability May 2021 April 2045 Make-whole provisions Liability July 2021 March 2046 Make-whole provisions Liability June 2022 March 2042 

20. 
 , , and , respectively, of our revenues have been derived from federal, state, provincial, or local government entities, including public housing authorities, public universities and municipal utilities. The U.S. federal government, which is considered a single customer for reporting purposes, constituted , , and of our consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Revenues from the U.S. federal government are included in our U.S. Federal segment. Other than the U.S. federal government, one 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 AMERESCO, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

 and of our revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Revenues from this customer is included in our U.S. Regions segment. 
 The reports of our chief operating decision maker do not include assets at the operating segment level. 
 (Gain) loss on derivatives ) ) ) Net interest expense Depreciation and intangible asset amortization Unallocated corporate activity ) Income before taxes, excluding unallocated corporate activity 2021 Revenues (Gain) loss on derivatives ) ) Net interest expense Depreciation and intangible asset amortization Unallocated corporate activity ) Income before taxes, excluding unallocated corporate activity 2020 Revenues (Gain) loss on derivatives ) ) ) Net interest expense Depreciation and intangible asset amortization Unallocated corporate activity ) Income before taxes, excluding unallocated corporate activity 
 See Note 3 for additional information about our revenues by product line. 
 
 21. 

95 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, or the evaluation date. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our management, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the evaluation date, concluded that as of the evaluation date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets, 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). 
 Based on this assessment and those criteria, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by RSM US LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears under Item 8. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , we implemented a new Enterprise Resource Planning ERP system. In connection with this ERP implementation, we updated and will continue to update our internal control over financial reporting, as necessary, to accommodate modifications to our business processes and accounting procedures. We do not believe this implementation has had or will have a material adverse effect on our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Except as disclosed above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 The complete response to this Item regarding the backgrounds of our executive officers and directors and other information required by Items 401, 405 and 407 of Regulation S-K will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics: We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that is applicable to all of our employees, officers and directors including our chief executive officer and senior financial officers, which is available under the Investor Relations section of our website located at www.ameresco.com. In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or applicable NYSE listing standards concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code. We include our website address in this report only as an inactive textual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to our website. None of the material on our website is part of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The response to this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion contained in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The response to this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion contained in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The response to this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion contained in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The response to this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion contained in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Page (a)(1) Financial Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 40 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules: None 
 Schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or are not required, or because the information is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. (a)(3) Exhibits: 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Ameresco, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 27, 2010 and filed with the Commission on July 30, 2010 (file no. 001-34811) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Ameresco, Inc. (as further amended May 22, 2014). Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2014 and filed with the Commission on July 31, 2014 (file no. 001-34811) and incorporated herein by reference. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (pre-effective amendment no. 4; reg. no. 333-165821) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.1 Specimen Certificate evidencing shares of Class A common stock. Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (pre-effective amendment no. 4; reg. no. 333-165821) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.16 
 Description of Ameresco, Inc. Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Filed as Exhibit 4.16 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and filed with the Commission on March 4, 2020 (file no. 001-34811) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.1.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement dated as of June 28, 2019 among Ameresco, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, certain lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-k filed with the Commission on July 1, 2019 (file no. 001-34811) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.1.2 Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement dated March 31, 2020 among Ameresco, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, certain lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent. Filed as Exhibit 10.1.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.3.1+ 
 Ameresco, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (pre-effective amendment no. 4; reg. no. 333-165821) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.3.2+ 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement granted under Ameresco, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.11 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (pre-effective amendment no. 4; reg. no. 333-165821) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description 10.3.3+ 
 Form of Director Stock Option Agreement granted under Ameresco, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.12 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (pre-effective amendment no. 4; reg. no. 333-165821) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.4.1+ Ameresco, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 99.2 Ameresco, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 99.2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 (reg. no. 333-238792) and incorporated herein by reference . 
 10.4.2+ Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement granted under Ameresco, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2020. 
 10.4.3+ Form of Director Stock Option Agreement granted under Ameresco, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2020. 
 10.5.1+ 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Ameresco, Inc. and each non-employee director. Filed as Exhibit 10.6.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 and filed with the Commission on March 31, 2011 (file no. 001-34811) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.5.2+ 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Ameresco, Inc. and each employee director. Filed as Exhibit 10.6.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 and filed with the Commission on March 31, 2011 (file no. 001-34811) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.6+ 
 Ameresco, Inc. 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2020 and filed with the Commission on August 4, 2020 (file no. 001-34811) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.7+ 
 Ameresco, Inc. Executive Management Team Additional Annual Incentive Performance Program. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2019 and filed with the Commission on August 8, 2019 (file no. 001-34811) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.8+ 
 Executive Officer Stock Ownership Guidelines. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2020 filed with the Commission on November 3, 2020 (file no. 001-34811) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.9+ 
 Offer Letter between the Company and Doran Hole dated June 26, 2019. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-k filed with the Commission on July 1, 2019 (file no. 001-34811) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.10# Turnkey Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Maintenance Agreement dated as of October 21, 2021, by and between Ameresco, Inc. and Southern California Edison Company. 
 10.11 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 10.12 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Ameresco, Inc . 
 23.1 
 Consent of RSM US LLP. 
 31.1 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following consolidated financial statements from Ameresco, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests and Stockholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. + Identifies a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement in which an executive officer or director of Ameresco participates. # Certain portions of this exhibit are considered confidential and have been omitted as permitted under SEC rules and regulations. Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 AMERESCO, INC. Date: February 28, 2023 
 By: /s/ George P. Sakellaris George P. Sakellaris President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ George P. Sakellaris Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 28, 2023 George P. Sakellaris /s/ Spencer Doran Hole Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 28, 2023 Spencer Doran Hole /s/ Mark Chiplock Senior President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 28, 2023 Mark Chiplock /s/ David J. Corrsin Director February 28, 2023 David J. Corrsin /s/ Claire Hughes Johnson Director February 28, 2023 Claire Hughes Johnson /s/ Nickolas Stavropoulos Director February 28, 2023 Nickolas Stavropoulos /s/ Jennifer L. Miller Director February 28, 2023 Jennifer L. Miller /s/ Joseph W. Sutton Director February 28, 2023 Joseph W. Sutton /s/ Frank V. Wisneski Director February 28, 2023 Frank V. Wisneski 
 101 

<EX-10.11>
 2
 ex-1011_rsuxagreementxno.htm
 EX-10.11

ex-1011_rsuxagreementxno 

AMERESCO, INC. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 2020 Stock Incentive Plan Ameresco, Inc. (the Company hereby grants the following restricted stock units pursuant to its 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. The terms and conditions attached hereto are also a part hereof. Notice of Grant Name of recipient (the Participant ): Grant Date: Number of restricted stock units RSUs granted: Vesting Schedule: Vesting Date: Number of RSUs that Vest: Subject to the vesting acceleration provided pursuant to Section 2 below, all vesting is dependent on the Participant s continued service as a director, as provided herein. This grant of RSUs satisfies in full all commitments that the Company has to the Participant with respect to the issuance of stock, stock options or other equity securities. Ameresco Inc. Signature of Participant Street Address By: Name of Officer Title: City/State/Zip Code Exhibit 10.11 

Ameresco, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Incorporated Terms and Conditions For valuable consideration, receipt of which is acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Award of Restricted Stock Units. In consideration of services rendered and to be rendered to the Company by the Participant, the Company has granted to the Participant, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this Agreement and in the Company s 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), an award with respect to the number of restricted stock units (the RSUs set forth in the Notice of Grant that forms part of this Agreement (the Notice of Grant ). Each RSU represents the right to receive one share of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, of the Company (the Class A Common Stock upon vesting of the RSU, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 2. Vesting. (a) General. The RSUs shall vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant (the Vesting Schedule ). Any fractional shares resulting from the application of any percentages used in the Vesting Schedule shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of RSUs. Upon the vesting of the RSUs, the Company will deliver to the Participant, for each RSU that becomes vested, one share of Class A Common Stock. The Class A Common Stock will be delivered to the Participant as soon as practicable following each vesting date, but in any event within 30 days of such date. (b) Acceleration. Notwithstanding Section 2(a), this RSU shall vest in full immediately prior to a Change in Control of the Company (as defined below). (c) Definition. A Change in Control shall mean: (i) any merger or consolidation in which (i) the Company is a constituent party or (ii) a subsidiary of the Company is a constituent party and the Company issues shares of its capital stock pursuant to such merger or consolidation (except, in the case of both clauses (i) and (ii) above, any such merger or consolidation involving the Company or a subsidiary in which the shares of capital stock of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue to represent, or are converted into or exchanged for shares of capital stock that represent, immediately following such merger or consolidation, at least 51 by voting power of the capital stock of (x) the surviving or resulting corporation or (y) if the surviving or resulting corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of another corporation immediately following such merger or consolidation, of the parent corporation of such surviving or resulting corporation); 

(ii) the issuance, sale or transfer, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, of capital stock representing at least 51 of the voting power of the outstanding capital stock of the Company immediately following such transaction; (iii) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; or (iv) a change in the composition of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board that results in the Continuing Directors (as defined below) no longer constituting a majority of the Board (or, if applicable, the Board of Directors of a successor corporation to the Company), where the term Continuing Director means at any date a member of the Board (x) who was a member of the Board on the date of the initial adoption of the Plan by the Board or (y) who was nominated or elected subsequent to such date by at least a majority of the directors who were Continuing Directors at the time of such nomination or election or whose election to the Board was recommended or endorsed by at least a majority of the directors who were Continuing Directors at the time of such nomination or election; provided, however, that there shall be excluded from this clause (y) any individual whose initial assumption of office occurred as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents, by or on behalf of a person other than the Board. 3. Forfeiture of Unvested RSUs Upon Cessation of Service. In the event that the Participant ceases to be a director of the Company for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, all of the RSUs that are unvested as of the time of such cessation shall be forfeited immediately and automatically to the Company, without the payment of any consideration to the Participant, effective as of such cessation. The Participant shall have no further rights with respect to the unvested RSUs or any Class A Common Stock that may have been issuable with respect thereto. 4. Restrictions on Transfer. The Participant shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise dispose of, by operation of law or otherwise (collectively transfer any RSUs, or any interest therein. The Company shall not be required to treat as the owner of any RSUs or issue any Class A Common Stock to any transferee to whom such RSUs have been transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 5. Rights as a Stockholder. The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any shares of Class A Common Stock that may be issuable with respect to the RSUs until the issuance of the shares of Class A Common Stock to the Participant following the vesting of the RSUs. 6. Provisions of the Plan. This Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan, a copy of which is furnished to the Participant with this Agreement. 

7. Tax Matters. (a) Acknowledgments; No Section 83(b) Election. The Participant acknowledges that he or she is responsible for obtaining the advice of the Participant s own tax advisors with respect to the award of RSUs and the Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents with respect to the tax consequences relating to the RSUs. The Participant understands that the Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for the Participant s tax liability that may arise in connection with the acquisition, vesting and/or disposition of the RSUs. The Participant acknowledges that no election under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the Code ), is available with respect to RSUs. (b) Withholding. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that, to the extent the Company is required to withhold any taxes in connection with the vesting of the RSUs, the Company has the right to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to the Participant any federal, state, local or other taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to the vesting of the RSUs. The Company shall not deliver any shares of Class A Common Stock to the Participant until it is satisfied that all required withholdings have been made. 8. Miscellaneous. (a) No Right to Continued Service. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding the fact that the vesting of the RSUs is contingent upon his or her continued service to the Company, this Agreement does not constitute an express or implied promise of continued service relationship with the Participant or confer upon the Participant any rights with respect to a continued service relationship with the Company or any affiliate of the Company. (b) Section 409A. The RSUs awarded pursuant to this Agreement are intended to be exempt from or comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations issued thereunder Section 409A ). The delivery of shares of Class A Common Stock on the vesting of the RSUs may not be accelerated or deferred unless permitted or required by Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no liability to the Participant or to any other person if the RSUs awarded pursuant to this Agreement are not exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A. (c) Participant s Acknowledgments. The Participant acknowledges that he or she: (i) has read this Agreement; (ii) has been represented in the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of the Participant s own choice or has voluntarily declined to seek such counsel; (iii) understands the terms and conditions of this Agreement; (iv) is agreeing, in accepting this award, to be bound by any clawback policy that the Company has in place or may adopt in the future; and (v) is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement. (d) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to any applicable conflicts of laws provisions. 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 3
 ex-1012_amrcxboardxcomp.htm
 EX-10.12

ex-1012_amrcxboardxcomp 

AMERESCO, INC. BOARD OF DIRECTORS COMPENSATION (for non-employee directors) Restatement Date October 19, 2022 Eligibility All non-employee Directors Cash Compensation (effective January 1, 2023). Annual Board Retainer: 70,000 paid in advance in quarterly installments Annual Committee Retainers In addition to Annual Board Retainer, a 10,000 per year retainer for members of the Audit Committee, a 6,000 per year retainer for members of the Compensation Committee, and a 5,000 per year retainer for members of the Nominating and Governance Committee (provided that the Chair of such Committee shall instead be paid the Annual Chair Retainer); in each case paid in advance in quarterly installments. Annual Chair Retainers In addition to Annual Board Retainer and any Annual Committee Retainer, a 20,000 per year retainer for the Lead Independent Director, a 20,000 per year retainer for the Chair of the Audit Committee, a 15,000 per year retainer for the Chair of the Compensation Committee, and a 12,500 per year retainer for the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee; in each case paid in advance in quarterly installments. Pro Rata Portion of Retainer A non-employee Director shall be entitled to retain the portion of the Annual, Committee or Chair Retainers (as applicable) paid with respect to the quarter in which they cease to be non-employee Directors or serve on a Committee or as a Committee Chair but shall not be entitled to any further portion of the retainer(s). Equity Compensation Amount of Stock Grant A stock grant in the form of restricted stock units will be made of that number of whole shares of Ameresco Inc. s Class A Common Stock determined by dividing 135,000 by the average fair market value of Ameresco Class A Common stock over a period of 30 trading days prior to the date of the grant. Timing of Stock Grants To be made annually to all non-employee Directors as of the first Board meeting following the annual meeting of stockholders; newly elected non-employee directors receive a pro-rated grant on the date of their election or appointment to the Board. Vesting of Stock Grants 100 on the anniversary of the grant date. Purchase Price of Stock Grant 0.0001. Restrictions on Transfer None once vested; prior to vesting transfer is subject to Class A Common Stock Restrictions set forth in the Ameresco 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. SEC Considerations Grants will generally be made under the Ameresco 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, the shares of which are registered on Form S-8; insider trading and short swing profit rules of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 apply. Taxation of Stock Grants Non-employee Directors incur ordinary income tax (and SECA tax) at time of vesting, which will coincide with the delivery of shares, based on the fair market value of the shares on date of vesting; Ameresco receives a corresponding deduction at that time. Exhibit 10.12 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 amrc_20221231x10-kxex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF AMERESCO, INC. 
 LEGAL NAME ENTITY TYPE JURISDICTION 112 Lake Street Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 117 Lake Street Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 1519 Crandall Road LLC Limited Liability Company DE 1724 64th Avenue Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 3901 Suitland Road Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 399 Revolution Drive Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 515 Main Saugus LLC Limited Liability Company DE 5700 Canada Street Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 5715 Livingston Road Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 59 Morse Road Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 83 School Street Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Aegean Drive Solar LLC Limited Liability Company Delaware Afton NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Alberta VA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE AM Helios, Inc. Corporation DE Ameresco AD Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Alternate Fuels LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Aneval LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco ARS LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Asset Holdings IV LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Asset Sustainability Group LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Benson Valley RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Brickyard RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Butte County LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Canada Inc. Corporation Canada Ameresco Candlewood HoldCo LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco CEPEO Solar, Inc. Corporation Canada Ameresco Cherokee RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Chicopee Energy LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Chiquita Energy LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Chiquita RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Clinton County RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Construction Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco CT LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Dallas LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Danville Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Delaware Energy LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco DR LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Energy Hellas S.A. Corporation Greece Ameresco Epperson RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Evansville, LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Federal Solutions, Inc. Corporation TN Ameresco Finance Solar II Inc. Corporation Canada Ameresco Finance Solar Inc. Corporation Canada Ameresco Forward LLC Limited Liability Company DE 
 1 

Exhibit 21.1 

 LEGAL NAME ENTITY TYPE JURISDICTION Ameresco Forward RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco GEDSB Solar Inc. Corporation Canada Ameresco Georgia LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Geothermal Inc. Corporation Canada Ameresco Greenridge LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Greenridge RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Half Moon Bay LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Hawaii LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco HCE Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco HPEDSB Solar Inc. Corporation Canada Ameresco Intelligent Systems, LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco International Holdings B.V. Private Limited Liability Company Netherlands Ameresco Janesville LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Jefferson City LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Johnson Canyon LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco JPII Carbon Reduction Inc. Corporation Canada Ameresco Keller Canyon LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Keller Canyon RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Lake Havasu LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco LDCSB Solar, Inc. Corporation Canada Ameresco Lee County RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco LFG - I, Inc. d b a Ameresco Goshen Corporation DE Ameresco LFG Holdings II LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco LFG Holdings III LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco LFG Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Limited Private Limited Company United Kingdom Ameresco Little Dixie RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Manati LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Manteca DCFC LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco McCarty Energy LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Michigan RNG Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Modern RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco MT Wind, LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Mt. Olive LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Navy Yard Peaker LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco New Mexico Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Newco Limited Corporation United Kingdom Ameresco Newmarket Energy Storage Inc. Corporation Canada Ameresco Northampton LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Orbit Clinton LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Orbit DesMoinesWA LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Orbit Wadesboro LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Otay RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Palmetto LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Pine Bluff LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Pine Grove RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Planergy Housing, Inc. Corporation DE 
 2 

Exhibit 21.1 

 LEGAL NAME ENTITY TYPE JURISDICTION Ameresco Potter Road LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Puerto Rico, Inc. Corporation Commonwealth of Puerto Rico Ameresco PV Holdings Eleven LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco PV Holdings II LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco PV Holdings III LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco PV Holdings IV LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco PV Holdings IX LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco PV Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco PV Holdings V LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco PV Holdings VI LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco PV Holdings VII FinCo LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco PV Holdings VII LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco PV Holdings VIII LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco PV Holdings X LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Quebec Inc. Corporation Quebec Ameresco Ranchland LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Renewable Energy LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Renewable LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco RNG Holdings I LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco RNG Pledgor I LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Roxana RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco San Antonio LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco San Joaquin LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco San Joaquin Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Santa Clara LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Santa Cruz Energy LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Select, Inc. Corporation MA Ameresco Servicios Energeticos S.L. Corporation Spain Ameresco SFPUC LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Skunk Creek LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar - Products LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar - Solutions LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar - Technologies LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Bridgewater LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Canton LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Englewood LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Fall River LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Holdings I LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Holdings II FinCo LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Holdings II LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Holdings III LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Land Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Logan LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Lowell LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Milton LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Natick II LLC Limited Liability Company DE 
 3 

Exhibit 21.1 

 LEGAL NAME ENTITY TYPE JURISDICTION Ameresco Solar Natick LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar New York LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Newburyport LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Power 1 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Waltham LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Solar Worcester LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Southwest, Inc. Corporation AZ Ameresco Stafford LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Sunel Energy S.A. Corporation Greece Ameresco TN Swine RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Upper Rock Island RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco UW Solar Inc. Corporation Canada Ameresco Vasco Road LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Volusia RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Wind New York LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Winnemucca Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Woodland Meadows II LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Woodland Meadows LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Woodland Meadows Romulus LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Wyandot RNG LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ameresco Pacific Energy JV General Partnership HI AmerescoSolutions, Inc. Corporation NC Amerres Energy S.A. Corporation Greece AMRC 53 Finco LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC 53 Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC BCE Holdings, LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC Blackstone Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC CECNY Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC CS Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC Federal Holdings 1 LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC Frederick Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC Hawaii LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC LICSS Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC Millis Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC Panel Finance LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC Panel Holdings LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC PVH IX LLC Limited Liability Company DE AMRC PVH X LLC Limited Liability Company DE Applied Energy Group, Inc. Corporation DE Arlington Municipal Solar PV Projects 2015 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Arroyo NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ashland High School Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ashland Howe St. Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ashland Middle School Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Athol Leicester Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Atkinson NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Aztec NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Banner Solar Baywood Limited Liability Company DE 
 4 

Exhibit 21.1 

 LEGAL NAME ENTITY TYPE JURISDICTION Banner Solar Gateway Limited Liability Company DE Banner Solar Ironwood Limited Liability Company DE Belvidere Landfill Solar 1 LLC Limited Liability Company IL Belvidere Landfill Solar 2 East LLC Limited Liability Company IL Belvidere Landfill Solar 2 West LLC Limited Liability Company IL Benigno Blvd Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Bernardston Landfill Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Bitter Cherry NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Blackwater Rd Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Bloomfield CT 1, LLC Limited Liability Company CO Bomarc Road Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Bound Line Road Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE BPDA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Braintree Schools Solar PV 2015 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Bremo Bluff VA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Brentwood Rd Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Brickyard Road Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Brophy College Preparatory Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Buffalo NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Burnt Swamp Road Solar LLC fka Wrentham #1 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE BWC Gibbs Brook, LLC Limited Liability Company DE BWC Harlow Brook, LLC Limited Liability Company DE BWC Mystic River, LLC Limited Liability Company DE BWC Origination 18, LLC Limited Liability Company DE BWC Origination 19, LLC Limited Liability Company DE BWC Origination 8, LLC Limited Liability Company DE BWC Pocasset River, LLC Limited Liability Company DE BWC Wading River, LLC Limited Liability Company DE BWC Wareham Assemblage, LLC Limited Liability Company DE BWC Wareham River, LLC Limited Liability Company DE Camino De Cruz Blanca Solar LLC fka St. John's Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE CanAm NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Candlewood Clean Power LLC Limited Liability Company DE Candlewood Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Cedar Creek Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Cedar NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Chesapeake Beach BESS LLC Limited Liability Company DE Chicago Solar Alliance LLC Limited Liability Company DE Church Street Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE City of Phoenix 22 Ave Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Clark Fork Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Clarksville VA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Colonial Beach VA #2 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Colonial Beach VA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Cork Sustainable Energy Limited Private Limited Company Ireland Corona NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Corte De Luna NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Danville Foundry Holdings, LLC Limited Liability Company DE 
 5 

Exhibit 21.1 

 LEGAL NAME ENTITY TYPE JURISDICTION Delta Junction Renewable Resources LLC Limited Liability Company DE DePue Holdings, LLC Limited Liability Company DE Dinwiddie VA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Doswell VA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Downing Parkway Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Dudley Landfill Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE E Monroe Little Falls North LLC Limited Liability Company DE E Monroe Little Falls South LLC Limited Liability Company DE e.three Custom Energy Solutions, LLC Limited Liability Company NV East Bridgewater 1 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE East Granby Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE East Victory Way Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Eastern Correctional Napanoch NY Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Easton Schools Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Edgartown Landfill Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE EI Fund One, Inc. Corporation MA Ellsworth ME Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Elm Grove Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Energy Investment, Inc. Corporation MA Energy Solutions & Security, LLC Limited Liability Company DE ESCT-BJ318, LLC Limited Liability Company CT ESMA-BJ113, LLC Limited Liability Company MA ESMA-BJ175, LLC Limited Liability Company MA ESMA-BJ209, LLC Limited Liability Company MA ESMA-BJ353, LLC Limited Liability Company MA ESNY YORKTOWN, LLC fka ESNY-IBM-YORKTOWN, LLC Limited Liability Company NY ESP Response Limited Private Limited Company United Kingdom Fall River Solar Phase 2 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Fiberloid St Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Fishkill NY One Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Franklin 1 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Freeport Solar North, LLC Limited Liability Company DE Freeport Solar South, LLC Limited Liability Company IL French King Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Getty Avenue Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Glendale Road Solar PV LLC Limited Liability Company DE Glenn Burnie Landfill Solar ANEM LLC Limited Liability Company DE Glenn Burnie Landfill Solar CSEGS-1 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Glenn Burnie Landfill Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Gloversville Community Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Gray Road Solar Energy 2 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Gray Road Solar Energy 3 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Gray Road Solar Energy LLC Limited Liability Company DE Green Wave LLC Limited Liability Company DE Greene Correctional Coxsackie NY Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Greenhaven Correctional Stormville NY Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Groton Landfill Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Grove Street Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 
 6 

Exhibit 21.1 

 LEGAL NAME ENTITY TYPE JURISDICTION Hampden Landfill Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Hancock MD #1 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Hanson Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE HEC CJTS Energy Center LLC Limited Liability Company DE HEC Tobyhanna Energy Project, Inc. Corporation MA Highland Bridge Solar LLC Name Reserved DE Highland Street Natick Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Historic Congressional Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Hixbridge Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE HSGS-Ameresco, LLC Limited Liability Company SC Husky NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Illiopolis Solar North LLC Limited Liability Company IL Illiopolis Solar South LLC Limited Liability Company Il Indian Road Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ivory Street Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Juice Technologies, Inc. dba Plug Smart Corporation FL KBR EaaS LLC Limited Liability Company DE Kerry Sustainable Energy Limited Private Limited Company Ireland Kinsale VA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP AACC Sacramento Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Aliso Creek MOB Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Baldwin Park Parking Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Bonita Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Carson South Bay Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Chino Regional Lab PVBS LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Clairemont Mesa Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Colton Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Columbia Gateway Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Corona Medical Offices Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Covina MOB Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Culver Marina Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Diamond Bar Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Downey Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP El Cajon Call Center Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Fontana Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Gaithersberg Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Garden Grove Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Gardena Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Hawthorne MOB Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Hesperia MOB Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Honolulu Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Honolulu Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Huntington Beach MOB Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Inglewood Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Kona Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Koolau Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Kula Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP La Palma Medical Offices Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 
 7 

Exhibit 21.1 

 LEGAL NAME ENTITY TYPE JURISDICTION KP Lanai Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Leeward Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Lincoln Medical Offices Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Manteca Hospital Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Mapunapuna Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Market Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Maui Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Meridian Medical Offices Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Ming Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Mission Viejo Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Moanalua Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Modesto Medical Center Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Montebello Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Moreno Iris Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Moreno Valley Hospital DNT Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Moreno Valley Medical Offices Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Murrieta Ambulatory Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Nanaikeola Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP North Baltimore HUB Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Ontario Vineyard O.P. Surgicenter B Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Orange Rehab Pavilion Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Otay Mesa Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Pinole Medical PVBS LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Rancho Cucamonga Medical PVBS LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Rancho San Diego Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Redlands Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Redwood-Marshall Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Riverside Medical Center Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Riverside Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Sac Davis Ground PVBS LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP San Dimas Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP San Jose Medical PVBS LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP San Marcos Medical 1 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP San Marcos Medical 3 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP San Marcos Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP San Mateo Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP San Rafael Hospital Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP San Rafael Los Gamos MOB Parking Structure Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP San Rafael Los Gamos MOB Rooftop Carport Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP South Sacramento Hospital Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Springfield MOB Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Stockdale Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Stockton Central Utility Plant Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Sylmar Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Temecula Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Tracy Medical Offices Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Tustin Ranch Medical Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Vandever Medical Offices Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 
 8 

Exhibit 21.1 

 LEGAL NAME ENTITY TYPE JURISDICTION KP Victorville MOB Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Wailuku Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Waipio Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE KP Wildomar MOB Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Kupono Solar Development Company, LLC Limited Liability Company DE Kupono Solar, LLC Limited Liability Company DE La Palma Ave Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Las Cruces Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Lenox Willow Creek Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Lexington Bowman ES Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Lexington Bridge ES Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Lexington Children's Place Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Lexington Clark MS Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Lexington Diamond MS Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Lexington Harrington ES Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Lexington Municipal Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Lexington New Hastings ES Solar LLC fka Lexington Solar Partners LLC Limited Liability Company DE Lower Mine Road LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ludlow 1 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE MA Solar Highway LLC Limited Liability Company DE MA Solar Highway Phase 1B LLC Limited Liability Company DE MA Solar Highway Phase 2 LLC Limited Liability Company DE MA Solar Highway Phase 3 LLC Limited Liability Company DE MA Solar Highway Phase 3A LLC Limited Liability Company DE MA Solar Highway Phase 3B LLC Limited Liability Company DE Majestic NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Manteca Recycled Water Project LLC Limited Liability Company DE Manville Hill Road Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Marana Dove Mountain Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Marana Maintenance and Transport Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Marbury Point Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Marsh School Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE McKenney VA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE McLean Landfill Solar LLC Limited Liability Company IL Medusa NY 1, LLC Limited Liability Company DE Memorial Football Field Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Methuen HS Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Middletown NY 1, LLC Limited Liability Company DE Middletown NY 2, LLC Limited Liability Company DE Midstate Correctional Marcy NY Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Milbury MA 1 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Mill Glen Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Millbury Landfill Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Millis MA 1 LLC Limited Liability Company CO MN CSG 10 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Montecito Schools Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Montevue Lane Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 
 9 

Exhibit 21.1 

 LEGAL NAME ENTITY TYPE JURISDICTION Mount Olive Community Development Fund LLC Limited Liability Company DE Natick KMS Solar Canopy LLC Limited Liability Company DE Natick KMS Solar Roof LLC Limited Liability Company DE Natick Senior Center Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Natick West Fire Station Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Newton Municipal III Canopy LLC Limited Liability Company DE Newton Municipal III Homer Street LLC Limited Liability Company DE Newton Municipal III LLC Limited Liability Company DE Newton Municipal III Rooftop LLC Limited Liability Company DE Newton Municipal III Walnut Street LLC Limited Liability Company DE Newton Municipal Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Ninety-First Avenue Renewable Biogas LLC Limited Liability Company DE North Kingstown Solar LLC fka North Kingston Solar LLC dba Hamilton Allenton Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE North Parish Road Solar PV LLC Limited Liability Company DE NTBG EaaS LLC Limited Liability Company DE Oaks Landfill Solar ANEM LLC Limited Liability Company DE Oaks Landfill Solar CS LLC Limited Liability Company DE Oaks Landfill Solar CSEGS-1 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Oaks Landfill Solar CSEGS-2 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Oral Oaks Road Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Orange USD Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Orange USD Solar Phase 2 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Orange USD Solar Phase 3 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Oregon PC LED B LLC Limited Liability Company DE Otter River Road Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Owego Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Peak Creek Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Penobscot Narrows Solar I LLC Limited Liability Company DE Penobscot Narrows Solar II LLC Limited Liability Company DE Penobscot Narrows Solar III LLC Limited Liability Company DE Penobscot Narrows Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Peppertown Road Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Peppetown Road Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Phenix Avenue Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Phillips Route 82 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Pier 38 EaaS LLC Limited Liability Company DE Pima County Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Plymouth South Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Port Deposit MD Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Preston MD #1 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Pulaski Community Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Readington Solar PV LLC Limited Liability Company DE Reston Town Center Solar 1 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Robinson Hill Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Rochester MA 2 LLC Limited Liability Company CO Rumford Avenue Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Saluda VA #2 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 
 10 

Exhibit 21.1 

 LEGAL NAME ENTITY TYPE JURISDICTION Saluda VA #3 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Saluda VA #4 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Saluda VA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE San Jose NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE SB Granada Garage Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE SC Tire Processing LLC Limited Liability Company DE Seldera LLC Limited Liability Company DE Shawangunk Correctional Wallkill NY Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sierra Energy Company Corporation NV Silver Heights NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Smithfield Municipal LLC Limited Liability Company DE Smithfield RI NCA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Solar Revere Phase I LLC Limited Liability Company DE Solar Superior One LLC Limited Liability Company DE Solutions Holdings, LLC Limited Liability Company DE South Boston VA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE SR-85 Renewable Biogas LLC Limited Liability Company DE Stafford Solar Power LLC Limited Liability Company DE Stockbridge Landfill Solar PV LLC Limited Liability Company DE Suffolk VA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sunnyvale Renewable Energy LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter ABSMC Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Auburn Faith Buyout LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Auburn Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Davis Phase 2 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Davis Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Eden Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Elk Grove Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Fairfield Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Group SLMLS Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Los Altos Clinic Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Los Banos Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Mills Peninsula Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Milvia Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Mountain View Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Novato Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter River Plaza Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter San Carlos Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter San Pablo Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Santa Cruz Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Santa Rosa Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Schriever Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Steiner Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Stockton Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Sunnyvale Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Sutter Vallejo-Solano Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Swanton MD #1 Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 
 11 

Exhibit 21.1 

 LEGAL NAME ENTITY TYPE JURISDICTION Sympaug Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Taylor Hill Road Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE TerraNavigator, LLC Limited Liability Company DE Van Hook Solar I LLC fka Van Hook Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Van Hook Solar II LLC Limited Liability Company DE Van Hook Solar III LLC Limited Liability Company DE Waihee Well Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Walden NY 1 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Washington Correctional Comstock NY Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Wayland Municipal Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Wende Correctional Alden NY Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Wendell MA 1 LLC Limited Liability Company DE West Coast MPPA LLC Limited Liability Company DE West Newbury Main St. Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Westerlo NY 1, LLC Limited Liability Company DE Weston DPW Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Westtown NY 2, LLC Limited Liability Company DE Westwood Fire Station Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Westwood Schools Solar 1 LLC Limited Liability Company DE Westwood Solar Partners LLC Limited Liability Company DE WF San Leandro BESS LLC Limited Liability Company DE White Rock Road LLC Limited Liability Company DE Windsor VA Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Wood River Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Woodbridge Avenue Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE Yarmouth Solar Partners LLC Limited Liability Company DE Zinnia NM Solar LLC Limited Liability Company DE 
 12 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 amrc_20221231x10-kxex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-238792, 333-226698, 333-219864, 333-174507 and 333-169100) on Form S-8 of Ameresco, Inc. of our report dated February 28, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Ameresco, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ameresco, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s RSM US LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 amrc_20221231x10-kxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, George P. Sakellaris, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ameresco, Inc. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 s George P. Sakellaris George P. Sakellaris 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 amrc_20221231x10-kxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Spencer Doran Hole, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ameresco, Inc. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 s Spencer Doran Hole Spencer Doran Hole Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 amrc_20221231x10-kxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 
 TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ameresco, Inc. (the Company to which this certification is attached and as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date February 28, 2023 
 s George P. Sakellaris George P. Sakellaris President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Date February 28, 2023 
 s Spencer Doran Hole Spencer Doran Hole Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 amrc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 amrc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 amrc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 amrc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 amrc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

