<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1131312_0001213900-23-023118.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10440831</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>249559</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1551240</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2830141</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2550313</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2898633</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-023118.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327142022
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-023118
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZION OIL & GAS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001131312
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL AND GAS FIELD EXPLORATION SERVICES [1382]
		IRS NUMBER:				200065053
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33228
		FILM NUMBER:		23764006

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12655 NORTH CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75243
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2142214610

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12655 NORTH CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75243

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-023118.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_zionoil.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

MARK ONE: 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number : 

ZION OIL GAS, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered under Section 12 (b) of the
Exchange Act: None 

Securities registered under Section 12 (g) of the
Exchange Act: 

OTCQX (Title of Class) (Name of each exchange on which registered) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, date indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second quarter, was approximately . 

The registrant had shares of common
stock, par value 0.01, outstanding as of March 21, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The Registrant intends to file a definitive proxy
statement pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the close of the
fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. Portions of such proxy statement are incorporated by reference into Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14
of Part III of this report. 

2022 ANNUAL REPORT (SEC FORM 10-K) 

INDEX 

Securities and Exchange Commission 
Item Number and Description 

PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 
 13 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 24 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 
 24 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 26 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 26 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 27 
 
 Item 6 
 Reserved 
 
 27 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 28 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 46 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 46 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 46 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 47 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 
 47 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure
Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 47 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executives Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 48 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 48 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 48 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationship and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 48 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 48 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 49 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 51 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K (herein, Annual Report and the documents included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report contain statements
concerning our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance and underlying assumptions and
other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You generally can identify our forward-looking statements by the words anticipate, 
 believe, budgeted, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 forecast, goal, intend, may, objective, plan, potential, 
 predict, projection, scheduled, should, will or other similar words.
These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements regarding: 

The going concern qualification in our consolidated financial statements; 

our liquidity and our ability to raise capital to finance our overall exploration and development activities within our license area; 

our ability to continue meeting the requisite continued listing requirements by OTCQX; 

the outcome of the current SEC investigation against us; 

business interruptions from COVID-19 pandemic; 

our ability to obtain new license areas to continue our petroleum exploration program; 

interruptions, increased consolidated financial costs and other adverse impacts of the coronavirus pandemic on the drilling and testing of our petroleum exploration program and our capital raising efforts; 

our ability to explore for and develop natural gas and oil resources successfully and economically within a license area; 

our ability to maintain the exploration license rights to continue our petroleum exploration program; 

the availability of equipment, such as seismic equipment, drilling rigs, and production equipment as well as access to qualified personnel; 

the impact of governmental regulations, permitting and other legal requirements in Israel relating to onshore exploratory drilling; 

our estimates of the time frame within which future exploratory activities will be undertaken; 

changes in our exploration plans and related budgets; 

the quality of future license areas with regard to, among other things, the existence of reserves in economic quantities; 

anticipated trends in our business; 

our future results of operations; 

our capital expenditure program; 

future market conditions in the oil and gas industry 

the demand for oil and natural gas, both locally in Israel and globally; and 

the impact of fluctuating oil and gas prices on our exploration efforts 

ii 

More specifically, our forward-looking
statements may include, among others, statements relating to our schedule, business plan, targets, estimates or results of our applications
for new exploration rights and future exploration plans, including the number, timing and results of wells, the timing and risk involved
in drilling follow-up wells, planned expenditures, prospects budgeted and other future capital expenditures, risk profile of oil and gas
exploration, acquisition and interpretation of seismic data (including number, timing and size of projects), planned evaluation of prospects,
probability of prospects having oil and natural gas, expected production or reserves, acreage, working capital requirements, hedging activities,
the availability of expected sources of liquidity to implement our business strategy, future hiring, future exploration activity, production
rates, all and any other statements regarding future operations, consolidated financial results, business plans and cash needs and other
statements that are not historical fact. 

Such statements involve risks
and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those relating to the uncertainties inherent in exploratory drilling activities, the
volatility of oil and natural gas prices, operating risks of oil and natural gas operations, our dependence on our key personnel, factors
that affect our ability to manage our growth and achieve our business strategy, risks relating to our limited operating history, technological
changes, our significant capital requirements, the potential impact of government regulations, adverse regulatory determinations, litigation,
competition, the uncertainty of reserve information and future net revenue estimates, property acquisition risks, industry partner issues,
availability of equipment, weather and other factors detailed herein and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC ). 

We have based our forward-looking
statements on our management s beliefs and assumptions based on information available to our management at the time the statements
are made. We caution you that assumptions, beliefs, expectations, intentions and projections about future events may and often do vary
materially from actual results. Therefore, we cannot assure you that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed or
implied by our forward-looking statements. 

Some of the factors that could
cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements are described under Risk Factors 
in this Annual Report and in our other periodic reports filed with the SEC. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those indicated. All subsequent written and
oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by reference
to these risks and uncertainties. You should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Each forward-looking statement
speaks only as of the date of the particular statement, and we undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statement. 

All
references in this Annual Report to the Company , Zion , we , us , or our ,
are to Zion Oil and Gas, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
 Zion Drilling, Inc. and Zion Drilling Services, Inc. described below. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Zion Oil and Gas, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, is an oil and gas exploration company with a history of 23 years of oil and gas exploration in Israel. We were incorporated
in Florida on April 6, 2000 and reincorporated in Delaware on July 9, 2003. We completed our initial public offering in January 2007.
Our common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Stock currently trades on the OTCQX marketplace of OTC Markets,
Inc. under the symbol ZNOG and our Common Stock warrant under the symbol ZNOGW. 

The Megiddo Jezreel License
401 was awarded on December 3, 2013, for a three year primary term through December 2, 2016, with the possibility of up to four one-year
extensions up to a maximum of seven years to December 3, 2020. 

The Megiddo Jezreel #1 MJ-01 ,
 MJ-1 or MJ #1 pad site was completed in early March 2017, after which the drilling rig and associated equipment
were mobilized to the site. Performance and endurance tests were completed, and the MJ #1 exploratory well was spud on June 5, 2017 and
drilled to a total depth TD of 5,060 meters (approximately 16,600 feet). Thereafter, the Company obtained three open-hole
wireline log suites (including a formation image log), and the well was successfully cased and cemented. The Ministry of Energy approved
the well testing protocol on April 29, 2018. 

During the fourth quarter
of 2018, the Company testing protocol was concluded at the MJ #1 well. The test results confirmed that the MJ #1 well did not contain
hydrocarbons in commercial quantities in the zones tested. As a result, in the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company recorded a non-cash
impairment charge to its unproved oil and gas properties of 30,906,000. 

While the MJ #1 well was not
commercially viable, Zion learned a great deal from the drilling and testing of this well. We believed that the drilling and testing of
this well carried out the testing objectives which would support further evaluation and potential further exploration efforts within our
License area. Zion believed it was prudent and consistent with good industry practice to examine further these questions with a focused
3-D seismic imaging shoot of approximately 72 square kilometers surrounding the MJ#1 well. Zion completed all of the acquisition, processing
and interpretation of the 3-D data and incorporated its expanded knowledge base into the drilling of our Megiddo Jezreel #2 MJ-02 ,
 MJ-2 or MJ #2 exploratory well. 

On March 12, 2020, Zion entered
into a Purchase and Sale Agreement with Central European Drilling kft, a Hungarian corporation, to purchase an onshore oil and gas drilling
rig, drilling pipe, related equipment and spare parts for a purchase price of 5.6 million in cash, subject to acceptance testing and
potential downward adjustment. We remitted to the Seller 250,000 on February 6, 2020 as earnest money towards the Purchase Price. The
Closing anticipated by the Agreement took place on March 12, 2020 by the Seller s execution and delivery of a Bill of Sale to us.
On March 13, 2020, the Seller retained the earnest money deposit, and the Company remitted 4,350,000 to the seller towards the purchase
price, and 1,000,000 (the Holdback Amount was deposited in escrow with American Stock Transfer and Trust Company LLC.
On January 6, 2021, Zion completed its acceptance testing of the I-35 drilling rig and the Holdback Amount was remitted to Central European
Drilling. 

The New Megiddo License 428 NML 428 was awarded on
December 3, 2020 for a six-month term with the possibility of an additional six-month extension. On April 29, 2021, Zion submitted a request
to the Ministry of Energy for a six-month extension to December 2, 2021. On May 30, 2021, the Ministry of Energy approved our request
for extension to December 2, 2021. On November 29, 2021, the Ministry of Energy approved our request for extension to August 1, 2022.
On July 25, 2022, Zion submitted a request to the Ministry of Energy for a six-month extension to February 1, 2023. On July 31, 2022,
the Ministry of Energy approved our request for extension to February 1, 2023. The NML 428 expired on February 1, 2023, but the Company
applied for a replacement license prior to such expiration. At the time of the filing of this Annual Report, this replacement license
is pending. 

The MJ-2 drilling plan had
been approved by the Ministry of Energy on July 29, 2020. On January 6, 2021, Zion officially spudded its MJ-02 exploratory well. On November
23, 2021, Zion announced via a press release that it completed drilling the MJ-02 well to a total depth of 5,531 meters (~18,141 feet)
with a 6-inch open hole at that depth. 

A full set of detailed
and comprehensive tests including neutron-density, sonic, gamma, and resistivity logs were acquired in December 2021, as a result of which
we identified encouraging zones of interest. 

1 

During the third quarter of
2022, Zion perforated and stimulated two deep zones. 

On October 3, 2022, Zion sent a database email update to its supporters
announcing the following: (1) We were encouraged by the results of our recent testing operations, especially the lower zone (approximately
20 meters in thickness), which was our primary zone of interest, (2) we were facing a downhole obstacle in the form of heavy water influx
from the upper zone inhibiting the potential flow of hydrocarbons from the lower zone and (3) after consultation with outside experts,
we planned to isolate and neutralize the heavy water influx by procuring a 4.5 packer and installing it below the heavy water zone
and above our primary zone. 

Zion suspended its operations
at the MJ-02 pad site during October 2022 due to several Jewish holidays during the month. Beginning in early November 2022, Zion resumed
its testing operations after procuring the necessary equipment and personnel. 

On December 9, 2022, Zion sent
a database email update to its supporters announcing the following: (1) after a thorough analysis of the results by Zion and third party
experts, Zion determined that the well will not currently produce hydrocarbons in commercial quantities, (2) although logs strongly indicate
the presence of hydrocarbons, we have determined the zone does not have sufficient permeability to be productive, (3) we will set a temporary
plug in the wellbore to preserve its integrity and the opportunity to make future use of it, should circumstances and technological innovations
warrant that, (4) based on what we learned about the characteristics of this deep Mohilla zone in the MJ-2 well, we are aggressively re-analyzing
our logs and other data from the MJ-1 well, which was drilled on the same pad site. Knowing this zone is structurally higher than the
equivalent zone in MJ-2, we are diligently evaluating whether this zone was adequately tested in the MJ-1 well, (5) once we have completed
that analysis, we may re-enter the MJ-1 wellbore, which is cased to the bottom, and attempt a re-completion in the Mohilla zones, and
(6) we will continue to explore the Megiddo-Jezreel license area as we are confident that we are in an active petroleum system. 

As a result, in the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge to its unproved oil and gas properties of 45,615,000. During the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not record any non-cash impairment charge. 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. filed an amended application
with the Israel Ministry of Energy for a new exploratory license on January 24, 2023 covering the same area as its License No. 428, which
expired on February 1, 2023. However, its original application to replace License No. 428 was filed on May 11, 2022, and a revised application
was filed on August 29, 2022. 

With a third parliamentary election in Israel since
March 2, 2020, on November 1, 2022, review of Zion s new license application was delayed. After the election, an ongoing transition
period has taken place. A new Minister of Energy took office on January 1, 2023 and appointed a new Director General of the Ministry. 

As previously reported, Zion
has re-examined the logs and other data from its MJ-01 well in preparation for a planned re-entry. Zion s license application was
therefore amended to address the planned re-entry, requiring a change in the workplan portion of the application, and then re-submitted
on January 24, 2023. 

Since May of 2022, Zion has worked closely with
all the necessary Ministry officials to address questions and resolve any issues raised by its application. Zion therefore believes it
has met all of the preliminary license requirements. Although no assurances can be made, Zion anticipates its license application will
be favorably considered by the Ministry and other necessary regulatory agencies. 

In the interim, Zion plans to leave its I-35 drilling
rig and all related components on its current pad site and perform necessary rig maintenance, engineering and design for the planned re-entry. 

2 

At present, we have no revenues
or operating income. Our ability to generate future revenues and operating cash flow will depend on the successful exploration and exploitation
of any future petroleum rights or the acquisition of oil and/or gas producing properties, and the volume and timing of such production.
In addition, even if we are successful in producing oil and gas in commercial quantities, our results will depend upon commodity prices
for oil and gas, as well as operating expenses including taxes and royalties. 

Our executive offices are
located at 12655 North Central Expressway, Suite 1000, Dallas, Texas 75243, and our telephone number is (214) 221-4610. Our branch office s
address in Israel is 9 Halamish Street, North Industrial Park, Caesarea 3088900, and the telephone number is +972-4-623-8500. Our website
address is: www.zionoil.com. 

Company Background 

In 1983, during a visit to
Israel, John M. Brown (our CEO, Founder and Chairman of the Board of Directors) became inspired and dedicated to finding oil and gas in
Israel. During the next 17 years he made several trips each year to Israel, hired oil and gas consultants in Israel and Texas, met with
Israeli government officials, made direct investments with local exploration companies, and assisted Israeli exploration companies in
raising money for oil and gas exploration in Israel. This activity led Mr. Brown to form Zion Oil Gas, Inc. in April 2000, in order
to receive the award of a small onshore petroleum license from the Israeli government. 

Zion s vision, as guided
by John Brown, of finding oil and/or natural gas in Israel, is biblically inspired. The vision is based, in part, on biblical references
alluding to the presence of oil and/or natural gas in territories within the State of Israel that were formerly within certain ancient
biblical tribal areas. While John Brown provides the broad vision and goals for our company, the actions taken by the Zion Board of Directors
and management team as it actively explores for oil and gas in Israel, are based on modern science and good business practice. Zion s
oil and gas exploration activities are supported by appropriate geological, geophysical and other science-based studies and surveys typically
carried out by companies engaged in oil and gas exploration activities. 

Upon the award of our first
petroleum right in May 2000, the Israeli government provided us access to most of its data with respect to previous exploration in
the area, including geologic reports, seismic records and profiles, drilling reports, well files, gravity surveys, geochemical surveys
and regional maps. We also gathered information concerning prior and ongoing geological, geophysical and drilling activity relevant to
our planned activities from a variety of publicly accessible sources. Subsequently, we have acquired additional studies on our own such
as seismic and other geophysical and geological surveys. 

ZION S PROSPECTIVE LICENSE AREA 

The Company held one active
petroleum exploration license onshore Israel, the NML 428, comprising approximately 99,000 acres See Map 1. Under Israeli
law, Zion had an exclusive right to oil and gas exploration in our license area in that no other company may drill there. In the event
we drilled an oil or gas discovery in our license area, current Israeli law entitles us to convert the relevant portions of our license
to a 30-year production lease, extendable to 50 years, subject to compliance with a field development work program and production. 

The NML 428 was awarded on December 3, 2020 for a six-month term with
the possibility of an additional six-month extension. On April 29, 2021, Zion submitted a request to the Ministry of Energy for a six-month
extension to December 2, 2021. On May 30, 2021, the Ministry of Energy approved our request for extension to December 2, 2021. On November
29, 2021, the Ministry of Energy approved our request for extension to August 1, 2022. On July 25, 2022, Zion submitted a request to the
Ministry of Energy for a six-month extension to February 1, 2023. On July 31, 2022, the Ministry of Energy approved our request for extension
to February 1, 2023. The NML 428 expired on February 1, 2023, but Zion applied for a replacement license prior to such expiration, which
is pending. 

The NML 428 lies onshore, south
and west of the Sea of Galilee and we continue our exploration focus here based on our studies, as it appears to possess the key geologic
ingredients of an active petroleum system with significant exploration potential. 

3 

Map 1. Zion s New Megiddo License as of
December 31, 2022. 

4 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. filed an amended application
with the Israel Ministry of Energy for a new exploratory license on January 24, 2023 covering the same area as its License No. 428, which
expired on February 1, 2023. However, its original application to replace License No. 428 was filed on May 11, 2022, and a revised application
was filed on August 29, 2022. 

The NML 428 lies onshore, south
and west of the Sea of Galilee, and we continue our exploration focus here based on our studies as it appears to possess the key geologic
ingredients of an active petroleum system with significant exploration potential. 

With a third parliamentary election in Israel since
March 2, 2020, on November 1, 2022, review of Zion s new license application was delayed. After the election, an ongoing transition
period has taken place. A new Minister of Energy took office on January 1, 2023 and appointed a new Director General of the Ministry. 

As previously reported, Zion
has re-examined the logs and other data from its MJ-01 well in preparation for a planned re-entry. Zion s license application was
therefore amended to address the planned re-entry, requiring a change in the workplan portion of the application, and then re-submitted
on January 24, 2023. 

Since May of 2022, Zion has worked closely with
all the necessary Ministry officials to address questions and resolve any issues raised by its application. Zion therefore believes it
has met all of the preliminary license requirements. Although no assurances can be made, Zion anticipates its license application will
be favorably considered by the Ministry and other necessary regulatory agencies. 

In the interim, Zion plans to leave its I-35 drilling
rig and all related components on its current pad site and perform necessary rig maintenance, engineering and design for the planned re-entry. 

Zion s Former Joseph License 

Zion has plugged all of its
exploratory wells on its former Joseph License area, and the reserve pits have been evacuated, but acknowledges its obligation to complete
the abandonment of these well sites in accordance with guidance from the Energy Ministry, Environmental Ministry and local officials. 

5 

I-35
Drilling Rig Associated Equipment 

I-35 Drilling Rig 
 Rig Spare Parts 
 Other Drilling Assets 
 Total 

US thousands 
 US thousands 
 US thousands 
 US thousands 
 
 December 31, 2020 
 6,493 
 698 
 377 
 7,568 

Asset Additions 
 - 
 191 
 25 
 216 

Asset Depreciation 
 (634 
 - 
 (69 
 (703 

Asset Disposals for Self-Consumption 
 - 
 (247 
 - 
 (247 

December 31, 2021 
 5,859 
 642 
 333 
 6,834 

Asset Additions 
 - 
 179 
 221 
 400 

Asset Depreciation 
 (634 
 - 
 (117 
 (751 

Asset Disposals for Self-Consumption 
 - 
 (202 
 - 
 (202 

December 31, 2022 
 5,225 
 619 
 437 
 6,281 

Zion s ability to fully
undertake all of these aforementioned activities is subject to its raising the needed capital from its continuing offerings, of which
no assurance can be provided. 

Exploration Expenditures 

The following table summarizes
the amounts we expended on our exploration efforts between 2021 and 2022: 

2022 
 2021 

US (000) 
 US (000) 
 
 I-35 Drilling Rig Associated Equipment 
 400 
 182 
 
 Megiddo License 428: 

Exploratory drilling operations 
 10,994 
 25,640 
 
 Equipment and inventory purchases 
 1,205 
 2,580 
 
 Environmental, geological geophysical operations 
 1,294 
 2,082 
 
 Location construction and maintenance 
 1,061 
 1,122 

Total 
 14,954 
 31,606 

6 

Employees
 Contractors 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had 23 employees and contractors of whom all but two are on a full-time basis. Included in this number are certain contractors who provide
services to Zion on an ongoing basis. Of the 23 total headcount, 17 work out of our Dallas office and 6 work out of the Caesarea, Israel
office. None of our current employees or contractors are subject to any collective bargaining agreements, and there have been no strikes. 

We regularly utilize independent
consultants and contractors to perform various professional services, particularly for services connected to drilling operations,
such as specialized drilling, health and safety, engineering, logging, cementing and well-testing. 

Competition
and Markets 

The oil and gas exploration
industry in Israel currently consists of a number of exploration companies. These include relatively small local or foreign companies
(such as Zion Oil Gas, Givot Olam, and Globe Exploration), as well as larger consortia of local Israeli and foreign participants
(Noble Energy Inc./Delek Group Ltd.). Most groups are engaged primarily in offshore activities, which is not an area in which we are currently
active. Israeli law conveys an exclusive exploration right to license holders such that no additional companies may compete in that license
area. 

Historically, Israel (particularly
onshore) has not been an area of interest for international integrated or large or mid-size independent oil and gas exploration companies
for various reasons, one of which is likely geopolitical. Since the announcement of the Tamar and Leviathan discoveries during 2009 and
2010, this situation has changed somewhat. Limited availability in Israel of oil field service companies, equipment and personnel continues
to present obstacles, especially during periods of decreased activity and risk aversion in the current market. We attempt to enhance our
position by developing and maintaining good professional relations with oil field service providers and by demonstrating a high level
of credibility in making and meeting commercial commitments. 

The oil and gas industry is
cyclical, and from time to time there is a shortage of drilling rigs, equipment, supplies and qualified personnel. During these periods,
the costs and delivery times of rigs, equipment and supplies can vary greatly. If the unavailability or high cost of drilling and completion
rigs, equipment, supplies or qualified personnel was particularly severe in the areas where we operate, we could be materially and adversely
affected. We will continue to monitor the market and build service provider relationships in order to help mitigate concentration risk. 

If any exploratory well that
we drill is commercially productive, we would install the appropriate production equipment which includes, among other items, oil and
gas separation facilities and storage tanks. Under the terms of the Petroleum Law, we may be required by the Minister of Energy and Water
Resources to offer first refusal for any oil and gas discovered to Israeli domestic purchasers at market prices. 

Since Israel imports almost
all of its crude oil needs and the market for crude oil in Israel is limited to two local oil refineries, no special marketing strategy
needs to be adopted initially with regard to any oil that we may ultimately discover. We believe that we would have a ready local market
for our oil at market prices in addition to having the option of exporting to the international market, if any of our future exploratory
wells are commercially productive. 

Israel s
Petroleum Law 

Our business in Israel is
subject to regulation by the State of Israel under the Petroleum Law. The administration and implementation of the Petroleum Law are vested
in the Minister of Energy Energy Minister ), the Petroleum Commissioner and an advisory council. The following discussion
includes a brief summary of certain provisions of the Petroleum Law as currently in effect. This review is not complete, and it should
not be relied on as a definitive restatement of the law related to petroleum exploration and production activities in Israel. 

Petroleum resources are owned
by the State of Israel, regardless of whether they are located on state lands or the offshore continental shelf. No person is allowed
to explore for or produce petroleum without being granted a specific right under the Petroleum Law. Israeli law provides for three types
of rights, two relevant to the exploration stage and the third for the production stage. 

7 

Preliminary permit. 
The preliminary permit allows a prospector to conduct preliminary investigations, such as field geology, airborne magnetometer
surveys and seismic data acquisition, but does not allow test drilling. It may be granted for a period not to exceed 18 months. The holder
of a preliminary permit is entitled to request a priority right on the permit area, which, if granted, prevents an award of petroleum
rights on the permit area to any other party. There are no restrictions as to size of the permit area or to the number of permits that
may be held by one prospector. However, Israeli policy is to award an area no larger than that for which the applicant has a reasonable
plan of operation and has shown evidence of the necessary financial resources to execute the plan. 

License. The next level
of petroleum right is the license, bestowing an exclusive right for further exploration work and requiring the drilling
of one or more test wells. The initial term of a license is up to three years, and it may be extended for up to an additional four years
(in one-year increments). In the event of a discovery, the license may be extended for an additional two years. A license area may not
exceed 400,000 dunams (approximately 98,842 acres). One dunam is equal to 1,000 square meters (approximately 0.24711 of an acre).
No one entity may hold more than 12 licenses or hold more than a total of four million dunam in aggregate license area. 

Production lease. Upon
discovery of petroleum in commercial quantities, a licensee has a statutory right to receive a production lease. 
The initial lease term is 30 years, extendable for an additional 20 years (up to a maximum period of 50 years). A lease confers upon the
lessee the exclusive right to explore for and produce petroleum in the lease area and requires the lessee to produce petroleum in commercial
quantities (and pursue test and development drilling). The lessee is entitled to transport and market the petroleum produced, subject,
however, to the right of the government to require the lessee to supply local needs first, at market price. 

Petroleum rights fees.
 The holders of licenses and leases are required to pay fees to the government of Israel to maintain the rights. The fees vary according
to the nature of the right, the size and location (onshore or offshore) of the right, acreage subject to the right and, in the case of
a license, the period during which the license has been maintained. 

Requirements and entitlements
of holders of petroleum rights. The holder of a petroleum right (license or lease) is required to conduct its operations in accordance
with a work program set as part of the petroleum right, with due diligence and in accordance with the accepted practice in the petroleum
industry. The holder is required to submit progress and final reports; provided, however, the information disclosed in such reports remains
confidential for as long as the holder owns a petroleum right on the area concerned. 

If the holder of a petroleum
right does not comply with the work program provided by the terms of the right, the Petroleum Commissioner may issue a notice requiring
that the holder cure the default within 60 days of the giving of the notice, together with a warning that failure to comply within the
60-day cure period may entail cancellation of the right. If the petroleum right is cancelled following such notice, the holder of the
right may, within 30 days of the date of notice of the Commissioner s decision, appeal such cancellation to the Energy Minister.
No petroleum right shall be cancelled until the Energy Minister has ruled on the appeal. 

We are obligated, according
to the Petroleum Law, to pay royalties to the Government of Israel on the gross production of oil and gas from the oil and gas properties
of Zion located in Israel (excluding those reserves serving to operate the wells and related equipment and facilities). The royalty rate
stated in the Petroleum Law is 12.5 of the produced reserves. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any outstanding
obligation with respect to royalty payments, since it is in the development stage and, to this date, no proved reserves have been found. 

8 

In March 2011, the Israeli
parliament enacted the Petroleum Profits Taxation Law, 2011, which imposes a new levy on oil and gas production. Under the new tax regime,
the Israeli Government repealed the percentage depletion deduction and imposed a levy at an initial rate of 20 on profits from oil
and gas which will gradually rise to 45.52 for 2016 onwards, depending on the levy coefficient (the R-Factor). The R-Factor refers to
the percentage of the amount invested in the exploration, the development and the establishment of the project, so that the 20 rate will
be imposed only after a recovery of 150 of the amount invested (R-Factor of 1.5) and will range linearly up to 45.52 after a recovery
of 230 of the amount invested (R-Factor of 2.3). For purposes of the levy rate calculation, the minimal gas sale price that will be accepted
by the State is the bi-annual average local price. The present 12.5 royalty imposed on oil revenues remains unchanged. 

The grant of a petroleum right
does not automatically entitle its holder to enter upon the land to which the right applies or to carry out exploration and production
work thereon. Entry requires the consent of the private or public holders of the surface rights and of other public regulatory bodies
(e.g. planning and building authorities, Nature Reserves Authority, municipal and security authorities, etc.). The holder of a petroleum
right may request the government to acquire, on its behalf, land needed for petroleum purposes. The petroleum right holder is required
to obtain all other necessary approvals. 

Petroleum Taxation. Our
activities in Israel will be subject to taxation both in Israel and in the United States. Under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, we will
be entitled to claim either a deduction or a foreign tax credit with respect to Israeli income taxes paid or incurred on our Israeli source
oil and gas income. As a general rule, we anticipate that it will be more advantageous for us to claim a credit rather than a deduction
for applicable Israeli income taxes on our U.S tax return. A tax treaty exists between the U.S. and Israel that would provide opportunity
to use the tax credit. 

Exploration and development
expenses. Under current US and Israeli tax laws, exploration and development expenses incurred by a holder of a petroleum right can,
at the option of such holder, either be expensed in the year incurred or capitalized and expensed (or amortized) over a period of years.
Most of our expenses to date have been expensed for both U.S. and Israeli income tax purposes. 

Depletion allowances. Until
2011, the holder of an interest in a petroleum license or lease was allowed a deduction for income tax purposes on account of the depletion
of the petroleum reserve relating to such interest. This may have been by way of percentage depletion or cost depletion, whichever is
greater. In 2010, the Finance Minister of Israel established an advisory committee to study the country s fiscal policy as it relates
to the upstream oil and natural gas sector, as well as various options, including an increase in royalties or cancellation of tax incentives.
In January 2011, the Finance Ministry advisory committee issued its final recommendations which included cancellation of currently existing
tax incentives, including the depletion allowance. In 2011, the depletion allowance was abolished. 

Corporate tax. Under
current Israeli tax laws, whether a company is registered in Israel or is a foreign company operating in Israel through a branch, it is
subject to Israeli Companies Tax on its taxable income (including capital gains) from Israeli sources at a flat rate of 23 , effective
January 1, 2019. 

Import duties. Insofar
as similar items are not available in Israel, the Petroleum Law provides that the owner of a petroleum right may import into Israel, free
of most customs, purchase taxes and other import duties, all machinery, equipment, installations, fuel, structures, transport facilities,
etc. (apart from consumer goods and private cars and similar vehicles) that are required for the petroleum exploration and production
purposes, subject to the requirement that security be provided to ensure that the equipment is exported out of Israel within the agreed
upon time frame. 

Israeli
Energy Related Regulations 

Our operations are subject
to legal and regulatory oversight by energy-related ministries or other agencies of Israel, each having jurisdiction over certain relevant
energy or hydrocarbons laws. 

The Onshore Petroleum Exploration Permitting
Process in Israel 

The permitting process in
Israel with respect to petroleum exploration continues to undergo significant modification, the result of which is to considerably increase
the complexity, time period, and expenditures needed to obtain the necessary permits to undertake exploratory drilling once a drilling
prospect has been identified. Applications for new exploration licenses need to comply with more demanding requirements relating to a
license applicant s financial capability, experience and access to experienced personnel. Various guidelines have been published
in Israel by the State of Israel s Petroleum Commissioner and Energy and Environmental Ministries since 2012 as it pertains to oil
and gas activities. Mention of these guidelines was included in previous Zion Oil Gas filings. 

9 

On June 2, 2020, the Energy
Ministry issued a guidance document titled Commissioner for Petroleum Affairs Guidelines: Extraordinary Incidences Report. 
These guidelines describe the reporting procedure regarding incidences that are out of the ordinary during pre-drilling, drilling and
production activities including incidences that cause bodily injury or damage to property or environment or incidences that are a cause
of delay or cessation of drilling activities. 

The Company believes that
these new regulations are likely to result in an increase in the expenditures associated with obtaining new exploration rights and drilling
new wells. The Company expects that an additional financial burden could occur as a result of requiring cash reserves that could otherwise
be used for operational purposes. In addition, these new regulations are likely to continue to increase the time needed to obtain all
of the necessary authorizations and approvals to drill and production test exploration wells. 

Environmental Safety / Planning
 Building 

Oil and gas drilling operations
could potentially harm the environment if there are polluting spills caused by the loss of well control. The Petroleum Law and regulations
provide that the conduct of petroleum exploration and drilling operations be pursued in compliance with good oil field practices 
and that measures of due care be taken to avoid seepage of oil, gas and well fluids into the ground and from one geologic formation to
another. The Petroleum Law and regulations also require that, upon the abandonment of a well, it be adequately plugged and marked. Recently,
as a condition for issuing the required permit for the construction of a drilling site, the planning commissions have required the submission
of a site remediation plan, subject to approval of the environmental authorities. Our operations are also subject to claims for personal
injury and property damage caused by the release of chemicals or petroleum substances by us or others in connection with the conduct of
petroleum operations on our behalf. Various guidelines have been published in Israel by the State of Israel s Petroleum Commissioner
and Energy and Environmental Ministries since 2012 as it pertains to oil and gas activities. Mention of these guidelines was included
in previous Zion Oil Gas filings. 

We do not know and cannot
predict whether any new legislation in this area will be enacted and, if so, in what form and which of its provisions, if any, will relate
to and affect our activities, how and to what extent or what impact, if any, it might have on our financial statements. There are no known
proceedings instituted by governmental authorities, pending or known to be contemplated against us under any environmental laws. We are
not aware of any events of noncompliance in our operations in connection with any environmental laws or regulations. However, we cannot
predict whether any new or amended environmental laws or regulations introduced in the future will have a material adverse effect on our
future business. 

The Company believes that
these new and/or revised regulations will significantly increase the complexity, time, and expenditures associated with obtaining new
exploration rights, drilling, and plugging/abandoning new wells, coupled with the heavy financial burden of locking away 
significant amounts of cash that could otherwise be used for operational purposes. 

Political
Climate 

We are directly influenced
by the political, economic and military conditions affecting Israel. Specifically, we could be adversely affected by: 

any major hostilities involving Israel; 

the interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel and its present trading partners; 

a full or partial mobilization of the reserve forces of the Israeli army; and 

a significant downturn in the economic or financial condition of Israel. 

10 

Since the establishment of
the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its Arab neighbors, and a state of hostility,
varying from time to time in intensity and degree, has led to security and economic problems for Israel. Any ongoing or future violence
between Israel and the Palestinians, armed conflicts, terrorist activities, tension along Israel s borders, or political instability
in the region could possibly disrupt international trading activities in Israel and may materially and negatively affect our business
conditions and could harm our prospects and business. 

Civil unrest could spread
throughout the region or grow in intensity, leading to more regime changes resulting in governments that are hostile to the United States
and Israel, civil wars, or regional conflict. With ongoing operations by Iran, Syria, Russia, the U.S. and other countries in areas
in close proximity to Israel, there is an increased risk of deliberate and/or inadvertent mishaps that could give rise to grave military
and political consequences. 

We cannot predict the effect,
if any, on our business of renewed hostilities between Israel and its neighbors or any other changes in the political climate in the area. 

Foundations 

If we are successful in finding
and producing commercial quantities of hydrocarbons in Israel, 6 of our gross revenues from production will go to fund two charitable
foundations that we established with the purpose of donating to charities in Israel, the U.S. and elsewhere in the world. 

For charitable activities
concerning Israel, the Bnei Joseph Foundation (R.A.) was established. On November 11, 2008, both the Articles of Association and
Incorporation Certificate were certified by the Registrar of Amutot (i.e. Charitable Foundations) in Israel. 

For the U.S. and worldwide
charitable activities, the Abraham Foundation in Geneva, Switzerland was established. On June 20, 2008, the Articles of Incorporation
were executed and filed by the Swiss Notary in the Commercial Registrar in Geneva. On June 23, 2008, the initial organizational meeting
of the founding members was convened in Israel. Regulations for the Organization of the Abraham Foundation, signed by the founding members,
were then filed with the Registrar. On November 19, 2008, the Swiss Confederation approved the Foundation as an international foundation
under the supervision of the federal government. On December 8, 2008, the Republic of Geneva and the Federal government of Switzerland
issued a tax ruling providing complete tax exemption for the Foundation. 

Our shareholders, in a resolution
passed at the 2002 Annual Meeting, gave authority to the Zion Board of Directors to transfer a 3 overriding royalty interest to each
of the two foundations with regard to the Joseph and Asher-Menashe licenses. In accordance with that resolution, we took steps to legally
convey or transfer a 3 overriding royalty interest to the Bnei Joseph Foundation (in Israel) and a 3 overriding royalty interest to
the Abraham Foundation (in Switzerland). 

On June 22, 2009, we received
an official letter from the Commissioner informing us that the 3 overriding royalty interest to each of the Bnei Joseph Foundation and
the Abraham Foundation had been registered in the Israeli Oil Register with regard to the Joseph and Asher-Menashe licenses. On November
9, 2011, we received an official letter from the Commissioner informing us that the 3 overriding royalty interest to each of the Bnei
Joseph Foundation and the Abraham Foundation had been registered in the Israeli Oil Register with regard to the Jordan Valley License. 

On February 5, 2014, the Company
submitted applications to the Petroleum Commissioner, requesting royalty interest transfers from the Megiddo-Jezreel License 401 of 3 
overriding royalties to the Bnei Joseph Amutot and the Abraham Foundation, respectively. On April 8, 2014, the transfers were approved
by the Petroleum Commissioner and duly registered. 

On January 14, 2021, the Company
submitted applications to the Energy Ministry, Natural Resources Administration, requesting royalty interest transfers from the New Megiddo
License 428 of 3 overriding royalties to each of the Bnei Joseph Amutot and the Abraham Foundation, respectively. On March 1, 2021, the
Energy Ministry approved both transfers. 

11 

Subsidiaries 

On January 24, 2020, Zion
incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary, Zion Drilling, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for the purpose of owning a drilling rig and related
equipment and spare parts, and on January 31, 2020, Zion incorporated another wholly owned subsidiary, Zion Drilling Services, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, to act as the contractor providing such drilling services. When Zion is not using the rig for its own exploration
activities, Zion Drilling Services may contract with other operators in Israel to provide drilling services at market rates then in effect. 

Zion has the trademark ZION
DRILLING filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Zion has the trademark filed with the World Intellectual Property
Organization in Geneva, Switzerland, pursuant to the Madrid Agreement and Protocol. In addition, Zion has the trademark filed with the
Israeli Trademark Office in Israel. 

Available
Information 

Zion s internet website
address is www.zionoil.com. We make available, free of charge, on our website under SEC Reports, our annual
report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed on behalf of directors and executive
officers and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after providing the SEC such reports. 

Our Corporate Governance Policy,
the charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee, and the Code of Ethics for
directors, officers, employees and financial officers are also available on our website under Corporate Governance and in
print to any stockholder who provides a written request to the Corporate Secretary at Zion Oil Gas, Inc., 12655 North Central Expressway,
Suite 1000, Dallas, Texas 75243, Attn: Corporate Secretary. 

We file annual reports on
Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other documents with the SEC under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference
Room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Also, the SEC maintains an internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements,
and other information regarding issuers, including Zion Oil Gas, Inc., that file electronically with the SEC. The public can obtain
any document we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference
into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this report or any other filing that we make with the SEC. 

12 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

In evaluating our company,
the risk factors described below should be considered carefully. The occurrence of one or more of these events could significantly and
adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Associated with our Company 

We are a company with no
current source of revenue. Our ability to continue in business depends upon our continued ability to obtain significant financing from
external sources and the ultimate success of our petroleum exploration efforts in onshore Israel, none of which can be assured. 

We were incorporated in April
2000, and we have incurred negative cash flows from our operations, and presently all exploration activities and overhead expenses are
financed solely by way of the issue and sale of equity securities or debt instruments. The recoverability of the costs we have incurred
to date is uncertain and is dependent upon achieving commercial production or sale, none of which can be assured. Our operations
are subject to all of the risks inherent in exploration companies with no revenues or operating income. Our potential for success must
be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with a new
business, especially the oil and gas exploration business, and in particular the deep, wildcat exploratory wells in which we are engaged
in Israel. We cannot warrant or provide any assurance that our business objectives will be accomplished. 

Our ability to continue in
business depends upon our continued ability to obtain the necessary financing from external sources to undertake further exploration and
development activities and generate profitable operations from oil and natural gas interests in the future. We incurred net losses of
 55,077,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 10,721,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The audited consolidated
financial statements have contained a statement by the auditors that raises substantial doubt about us being able to continue as a going
concern unless we are able to raise additional capital. 

We expect to incur substantial
expenditures in our exploration and development programs. Our existing cash balances will not be sufficient to satisfy our exploration
and development plans going forward. We are considering various alternatives to remedy any future shortfall in capital. We may
deem it necessary to raise capital through equity markets, debt markets or other financing arrangements, including participation arrangements
that may be available. Because of the current absence of any oil and natural gas reserves and revenues in our license areas, there can
be no assurance that our capital will be available on commercially acceptable terms (or at all) and if it is not, we may be forced to
substantially curtail or cease exploration expenditures which could lead to our inability to meet all of our commitments. 

Currently, we are substantially reliant on the proceeds of sales of
our common stock under the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan. During the past two completed fiscal years, we have financed
our operations primarily from the proceeds of sales of our stock under the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan. For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we raised approximately 19,129,000 and 26,219,000, respectively, under the Plan. Of the amounts raised,
approximately 77 of the amounts raised in 2022 were attributable to two participants and 67 of the amounts raised in 2021 were attributable
to two participants. The cessation of funding from these participants may result in adverse consequences to our business, such as a delay
in our testing efforts, until we locate alternate sources for this funding. 

Our independent registered
public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our
audited consolidated financial statements included in this prospectus. Our audited consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2022
and 2021 and for the years then ended were prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern . 

Such an opinion could materially
limit our ability to raise additional funds through the issuance of new debt or equity securities or otherwise. Our ability to continue
as a going concern is contingent upon, among other factors, the sale of the shares of our common stock in this offering or obtaining alternate
financing. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital. 

We
may not be able to maintain the listing of our common stock on the OTCQX Market, which could adversely affect our liquidity and the trading
volume and market price of our common stock, and decrease your investment. 

Effective September 3, 2020,
our common stock began trading, and is currently listed, on the OTCQX Market. The maintenance requirements for listing are to maintain
a minimum bid price of 0.10 per share as of the close of business for at least one of every 30 consecutive calendar days, a market capitalization
of at least 5 million for at least one of every 30 consecutive calendar days, and at least two Market Makers publish priced quotations
on OTC Link ATS within 90 days of the Company joining OTCQX. In the event that the Company s bid price, the market capitalization,
or the number of Market Makers fall below the minimum criteria, a cure period of 180 calendar days to regain compliance shall begin, during
which time the applicable criteria must be met for 10 consecutive trading days. 

13 

On January 11, 2023, OTC Markets
emailed a letter to Zion advising that its bid price has closed below .10 for more than 30 consecutive calendar days and no longer meets
the Standards for Continued Qualification for the OTCQX U.S. tier per the OTC Rules for U.S. Companies. In the event that the Company s
bid price, the Market Capitalization, or the number of Market Makers fall below the minimum criteria established in Section 3.2(b), a
cure period of 180 calendar days to regain compliance shall begin, during which the applicable criteria must be met for ten consecutive
trading days. 

The 180-calendar day cure
period expires July 10, 2023. If at that time the Company s bid price has not stayed at or above the .10 minimum for ten consecutive
trading days, then the security will be moved from OTCQX to the OTC Pink market unless Zion requests that it be moved to the OTCQB market. 

No assurance can be provided
that we will be able to maintain continued listing on OTCQX. Moving from the OTCQX Market may have an adverse effect on our ability to
raise the capital needed to continue our oil and gas exploration efforts and maintain operations. 

We
are involved in an ongoing government investigation by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, the results of which may
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition and business. 

On June 21, 2018, the Fort
Worth Regional Office of the SEC informed Zion that it was conducting a formal, non-public investigation and asked that we provide certain
information and documents in connection with its investigation. Since that date, we have fully cooperated with the SEC on an on-going
basis in connection with its investigation. Investigations of this nature are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted
with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, an SEC investigation could have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of
management resources, and other factors. The investigation could also result in reputational harm to Zion and may have a material adverse
effect on Zion s current and future business and exploratory activities and its ability to raise capital to continue our oil and
gas exploratory activities. 

The outbreak of Covid-19
in 2020, and the subsequent variants of Covid which continue today, may interrupt or delay our exploration activities and could affect
our capital raising efforts on which we rely to continue our exploration program and maintain our operations, thereby adversely affecting
our business. 

We cannot predict the impact,
if any, that the outbreak of the coronavirus and subsequent variants, will have on our exploration activities. Worldwide, the coronavirus
is adversely affecting the global economy, global supply chain/manufacturing and resulting in, amongst other things, significant time
delays, unemployment and business shutdowns. 

The extent to which the coronavirus
impacts our operations, specifically our capital raising efforts, as well as our ability to continue our exploratory efforts, will depend
on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the outbreak, new
information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact,
among others. 

Our sole exploratory license
granted on December 3, 2020 expired on February 1, 2023. On January 24, 2023, we applied for a new license area with the same characteristics
as the expired Megiddo License 428. No assurance can be given that we will be awarded this exploratory license. 

We held one active petroleum
exploration license onshore Israel, the New Megiddo License 428, comprising approximately 99,000 acres. The New Megiddo License 428
was granted on December 3, 2020 and was valid for six months with the possibility of an additional six-month extension. On May 30, 2021,
the Ministry of Energy approved our request for extension to December 2, 2021. On November 29, 2021, the Ministry of Energy approved our
request for extension to August 1, 2022. On July 25, 2022, Zion submitted a request to the Ministry of Energy for a six-month extension
to February 1, 2023. The NML 428 expired on February 1, 2023, but Zion applied for a replacement license prior to such expiration. No
assurance can be given that we will be granted that license. 

14 

Our ongoing exploration
and development efforts are subject to many contingencies outside of our control, and any considerable delay in obtaining all of the needed
licenses, approvals and authorizations may severely impair our business. 

Zion s ability to fully
undertake all of these aforementioned activities is subject to its raising the needed capital from its continuing offerings, of which
no assurance can be provided. 

We
require significant capital to realize our business plan. 

Our ongoing work program is
expensive. We believe that our current cash resources are sufficient to allow us to undertake exploratory activities through March 2023.
We estimate that, when we are not actively drilling a well, our monthly expenditure is approximately 600,000 per month. However, when
we are drilling, or testing, we estimate that there is an additional cost of approximately 2,000,000 - 3,000,000 per month. Additionally,
the newly enacted onshore licensing and environmental and safety related regulations promulgated by the various energy related ministries
in Israel during 2021-2022 are likely to render obtaining new explorations licenses increasingly expensive. For example, at the time of
the award of any new exploration license, we will be required to submit performance bank guarantees in the form of a restricted Israel
cash deposits for 10 of the cost of the planned drilling program as well as other amounts to cover potential environmental damages. See
 Israel Energy Related Governmental Regulations. 

No assurance can be provided
that we will be able to raise funds when needed. Further, we cannot assure you that our actual cash requirements will not exceed our estimates.
Even if we were to discover hydrocarbons in commercial quantities, we will require additional financing to bring our interests into commercial
operation and pay for operating expenses until we achieve a positive cash flow. Additional capital also may be required in the event we
incur any significant unanticipated expenses. 

Under the current capital
and credit market conditions, we may not be able to obtain additional equity or debt financing on acceptable terms. Even if financing
is available, it may not be available on terms that are favorable to us or in sufficient amounts to satisfy our requirements. 

If we are unable to obtain
additional financing, we may be unable to implement our business plan and our growth strategies, respond to changing business or economic
conditions and withstand adverse operating results. If we are unable to raise further financing when required, our planned exploration
activities may have to be scaled down or even ceased, and our ability to generate revenues in the future would be negatively affected. 

Additional financing could
cause your relative interest in our assets and potential earnings to be significantly diluted. Even if we have exploration success, we
may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to offset the cost of dry holes and general and administrative expenses. 

If
we cannot obtain any necessary petroleum exploration licenses, then our business may be severely impaired. 

Our ability to obtain desired
exploration licenses on acceptable terms is subject to change in regulations and policies and to the discretion of the applicable government
agencies in Israel. Additionally, the onshore licensing and environmental and safety related regulations promulgated by the various energy
related ministries in Israel during 2021-2022 are likely to render obtaining any necessary exploration licenses increasingly expensive
and more time consuming. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain new or additional exploration rights. If
we are unable for whatever reason to obtain the license applications that we deem necessary or desirable, our business may be severely
impaired. 

15 

We
rely on independent experts and technical or operational service providers over whom we may have limited control. 

The success of our oil and
gas exploration efforts is dependent upon the efforts of various third parties that we do not control. These third parties provide critical
drilling, engineering, logging, pressure pumping, geological, geophysical and other scientific analytical services, including 2-D and
3-D seismic imaging technology to explore for and develop oil and gas prospects. Given our small size and limited resources, we do not
have all the required expertise on staff. As a result, we rely upon various companies and other third parties to assist us in identifying
desirable hydrocarbon prospects to acquire and to provide us with technical assistance and services. In addition, we rely upon the owners
and operators of oilfield service equipment. 

If any of these relationships
with third-party service providers are terminated or are unavailable on commercially acceptable terms, we may not be able to execute our
business plan. Our limited control over the activities and business practices of these third parties, any inability on our part to maintain
satisfactory commercial relationships with them, their limited availability or their failure to provide quality services could materially
and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Exploratory
well drilling locations that we decide to drill may not yield oil or natural gas in commercially viable quantities. 

There is no way to predict
in advance of drilling and testing whether any particular location will yield oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to recover drilling
or completion costs or to be economically viable. The use of technologies and the study of producing fields in the same area, if any,
will not enable us to know conclusively prior to drilling whether oil, natural gas liquids (NGLs) or natural gas will be present or, if
present, whether oil or natural gas will be present in sufficient quantities to be economically viable. Even if sufficient amounts of
oil, NGLs or natural gas exist, we may inadvertently damage the potentially productive hydrocarbon bearing formation or experience mechanical
difficulties while drilling or completing a well, resulting in a reduction in production from the well or abandonment of the well. If
we drill exploratory wells that we identify as dry holes in our future drilling locations, our business may be materially harmed. We cannot
assure you that the analogies we draw from available data from other wells, more fully explored locations or producing fields will be
applicable to our drilling locations. Ultimately, the cost of drilling, completing and operating any well is often uncertain, and new
wells may not be productive. 

Our
global operations subject us to various risks, and our failure to manage these risks could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our
business is subject to certain risks associated with doing business globally, more particularly in Israel. Accordingly, we face significant
operational risks as a result of doing business internationally, such as: 

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

potentially adverse tax consequences and changes in tax laws; 

challenges in providing solutions across a significant distance, in different languages, different time zones and among different cultures; 

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, particularly in new geographic locations, and related compliance with employment, immigration and labor laws for employees or other staff living abroad; 

restrictions imposed by local labor practices and laws on our business and operations; 

economic weakness, including inflation, or rapid changes in government, economic and political policies and conditions, political or civil unrest or instability, economic or trade sanctions, closure of markets to imports, terrorism or epidemics and other similar outbreaks or events; 

compliance with a wide variety of complex foreign laws, treaties and regulations; 

compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, and other anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws; 

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to develop or sell our products in certain foreign markets; and 

becoming subject to the laws, regulations and court systems of multiple jurisdictions. 

Our failure to manage
the market and operational risks associated with our international operations could limit the future growth of our business and adversely
affect our results of operations. 

16 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures, and our operations are vulnerable to interruption by natural disasters,
terrorist activity, power loss, adverse public health events and other events beyond our control, the occurrence of which could materially
harm our business. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our contractors and consultants are vulnerable to
damage from computer viruses, hacking, ransomware, cyber-attacks, unauthorized access as well as telecommunication and electrical failures. Our
information technology and other internal infrastructure systems, including corporate firewalls, servers, leased lines and connection
to the Internet, face the risk of systemic failure that could disrupt our operations. Although we have invested significant resources
to enhance the security of our computer systems, there can be no assurances we will not experience unauthorized intrusions into our computer
systems, or those of our vendors, contractors and consultants, that we will successfully detect future unauthorized intrusions in a timely
manner or that future unauthorized intrusions will not result in material adverse effects on our financial condition, reputation or business
prospects. 

While
we have not experienced any such system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions
in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our operations. 

We
are also vulnerable to accidents, electrical blackouts, labor strikes, terrorist activities, war, natural disasters, adverse public health
events and other events beyond our control, and we have not undertaken a systematic analysis of the potential consequences to our business
as a result of all of such events and do not have an applicable recovery plan in place. Any disruption to our operations or the operations
of our collaborators or suppliers from these kinds of events would likely impact our operating results and our financial condition. 

Although
we carry insurance to protect us against some losses or damages resulting from certain types of disasters, the extent of that insurance
is limited in scope and amount, and we cannot assure you that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to satisfy any damages and losses.
Any business interruption may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and prospects. 

Deterioration
of political, economic and security conditions in Israel may adversely affect our operations. 

Any major hostilities involving
Israel, a substantial decline in the prevailing regional security situation or the interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel
and its present trading partners could have a material adverse effect on our operations. See the prior discussion on Political Climate. 

Prolonged and/or widespread
regional conflict in the Middle East could have the following results, among others: 

capital market reassessment of risk and subsequent redeployment of capital to more stable areas making it more difficult for us to obtain financing for potential development projects; 

security concerns in Israel, making it more difficult for our personnel or supplies to enter or exit the country; 

security concerns leading to evacuation of our personnel; 

damage to or destruction of our wells, production facilities, receiving terminals or other operating assets; 

inability of our service and equipment providers to deliver items necessary for us to conduct our operations in Israel, resulting in delays; and 

the lack of availability of experienced crew, oilfield equipment or services if third party providers decide to exit the region. 

Loss of property and/or interruption
of our business plans resulting from hostile acts could have a significant negative impact on our earnings and cash flow. In addition,
we may not have enough insurance to cover any loss of property or other claims resulting from these risks. 

17 

We
have a history of losses and we cannot assure you that we will ever be profitable. 

We incurred net losses of
 55,077,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 10,721,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. We cannot provide any assurance
that we will ever be profitable. 

Earnings,
if any, will be diluted due to governmental royalty and charitable contributions. 

We are legally bound to pay
a government royalty of 12.5 of gross sales revenues. Additionally, we are legally required to pay 6 of gross sales revenue to two separate
foundations (3 each to two separate foundations see the separate section on foundations). As our expenses increase with respect
to the amount of sales, these donations and allocation could significantly dilute future earnings and, thus, depress the price of the
common stock. 

Risks Associated with our Business 

We
are subject to increasing Israeli governmental regulations and environmental requirements that may cause us to incur substantial incremental
costs and/or delays in our drilling program. 

Our business is subject to
laws and regulations promulgated by the State of Israel relating to the exploration for, and the development, production and marketing
of, crude oil and natural gas, as well as safety matters. Legal requirements are frequently changed and subject to interpretation, and
we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance with these requirements or their effect on our operations. We may be required
to make substantial expenditures to comply with governmental laws and regulations. 

Environmental laws and regulations
change frequently, and the implementation of new, or the modification of existing, laws or regulations could adversely impact our operations.
The discharge of natural gas, crude oil, or other pollutants into the air, soil or water may give rise to substantial liabilities on our
part to government agencies and third parties and may require us to incur substantial costs of remediation. In addition, we may incur
costs and penalties in addressing regulatory agency procedures regarding possible non-compliance. 

Our
lack of diversification increases the risk of an investment in us, and our financial condition and results of operations may deteriorate
if we fail to diversify. 

Our business focus is on oil
and gas exploration on a limited number of properties in Israel and exploitation of any significant reserves that are found within our
license areas. As a result, we lack diversification, in terms of both the nature and geographic scope of our business. We will likely
be impacted more acutely by factors affecting our industry or the regions in which we operate than we would if our business were more
diversified. If we are unable to diversify our operations, our financial condition and results of operations could deteriorate. 

We
currently have no proved reserves or current production and we may never have any. 

We do not have any proved
reserves or current production of oil or gas. We cannot assure you that any wells will be completed or produce oil or gas in commercially
profitable quantities. 

Oil
and gas exploration is an inherently risky business. 

Exploratory drilling involves
enormous risks, including the risk that no commercially productive oil or natural gas reservoirs will be discovered. Even when properly
used and interpreted, seismic data analysis and other computer simulation techniques are only tools used to assist geoscientists in trying
to identify subsurface structures and the presence of an active petroleum system. They do not allow the interpreter to know conclusively
if hydrocarbons are present or economically available. The risk analysis techniques we use in evaluating potential drilling sites rely
on subjective judgments of our personnel and consultants. Additionally, we are typically engaged in drilling deep onshore wildcat exploratory
wells in Israel where only approximately 500 total wells have ever been drilled, the vast majority of which are relatively shallow. As
such, exploration risks are inherently very substantial. 

18 

A
substantial and extended decline in oil or natural gas prices could adversely impact our future rate of growth and the carrying value
of our unproved oil and gas assets. 

Prices for oil and natural
gas fluctuate widely. Fluctuations in the prices of oil and natural gas will affect many aspects of our business, including our ability
to attract capital to finance our operations, our cost of capital, and the value of any unproved oil and natural gas properties. Prices
for oil and natural gas may fluctuate widely in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas,
market uncertainty and a wide variety of additional factors that are beyond our control, such as the domestic and foreign supply of oil
and natural gas, technological advances affecting energy consumption, and domestic and foreign governmental regulations. Significant and
extended reductions in oil and natural gas prices could require us to reduce our capital expenditures and impair the carrying value of
our assets. 

While there is much analysis
and speculation as to the cause of this fluctuation in the price and its predicted future course, there are many factors that contribute
to the price of oil, none of which the Company controls. The oil price is also impacted by actual supply and demand, as well as by expectation.
Demand for energy is closely related to economic activity which is compounded by key advances and innovation in exploration techniques
in recent years. Significant geopolitical events such as heightened conflict in the Middle East and large-scale terrorist activities can
also impact the price of oil tremendously. 

If we are successful in finding
commercial quantities of oil and/or gas, our revenues, operating results, financial condition and ability to borrow funds or obtain additional
capital will depend substantially on prevailing prices for oil and natural gas. Declines in oil and gas prices may materially adversely
affect our financial condition, liquidity, ability to obtain financing and operating results. Lower oil and gas prices also may reduce
the amount of oil and gas that we could produce economically. 

Historically, oil and gas
prices and markets have been volatile, with prices fluctuating widely, and they are likely to continue to be volatile, making it impossible
to predict with any certainty the future prices of oil and gas. The bottom line is that there are many and varied causes for the fluctuation
in the price of oil and natural gas, and we have no control over these factors. 

Because
a certain portion of our expenses is incurred in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, our results of operations may be adversely impacted
by currency fluctuations and inflation. 

Although our reporting and
functional currency is the U.S. dollar, we pay a substantial portion of our expenses in New Israeli Shekel (NIS). As a result, we are
exposed to the currency fluctuation risks. For example, if the U.S. dollar weakens against the NIS, our reported financial results in
U.S. dollars may be lower than anticipated. We may, in the future, decide to enter into currency hedging transactions to decrease the
risk of financial exposure from fluctuations in the exchange rates of the currencies mentioned above in relation to the U.S. dollar. These
measures, however, may not adequately protect us from material adverse effects. 

The
insurance we carry may be insufficient to cover all of the risks we face, which could result in significant financial exposure. 

Exploration for and production
of crude oil and natural gas can be hazardous, involving natural disasters and other unplanned events such as blowouts, well cratering,
fire and explosion and loss of well control which can result in damage to or destruction of wells, injury to persons, loss of life, or
damage to property and the environment. Exploration and production activities are also subject to risk from political developments such
as terrorist acts, piracy, civil disturbances, war, expropriation or nationalization of assets, which can cause loss of or damage
to our property. 

As is customary within our
industry, we maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential perils confronting our operations and in coverage amounts and deductible
levels that we believe to be appropriate but economic. Consistent with that profile, our insurance program is structured to provide us
financial protection from unfavorable loss resulting from damages to or the loss of physical assets or loss of human life, liability claims
of third parties, and exploratory drilling interruption attributed to certain assets and including such occurrences as well blowouts and
resulting oil spills, at a level that balances cost of insurance with our assessment of risk and our ability to achieve a reasonable rate
of return on our investments. Although we believe the coverage and amounts of insurance carried are adequate and consistent with industry
practice, we do not have insurance protection against all the risks we face. Because we chose not to insure certain risks, insurance may
not be available at a level that balances the cost of insurance and our desired rates of return, or actual losses exceed coverage limits.
We regularly review our risks of loss and the cost and availability of insurance and revise our insurance program accordingly. 

If an event occurs that is
not covered by insurance or not fully protected by insured limits, it could have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

19 

We
face various risks associated with the trend toward increased activism against oil and gas exploration and development activities. 

Opposition toward oil and
gas drilling and development activity has been growing globally and is particularly pronounced in Organization for Economic Co-operation
and Development OECD countries which include the U.S., the U.K and Israel. Companies in the oil and gas industry, such
as us, are often the target of activist efforts from both individuals and non-governmental organizations regarding environmental compliance
and business practices, potential damage to fresh water sources, and safety, among other topics. Future activist efforts could result
in the following: 

delay or denial of drilling or other exploration permits; 

shortening of lease terms or reduction in lease size; 

restrictions on installation or operation of gathering or processing facilities; 

restrictions on the use of certain operating practices, such as hydraulic fracturing; 

legal challenges or lawsuits; 

damaging publicity about us; 

increased costs of doing business; 

reduction in demand for our products; and 

other adverse effects on our ability to develop our properties and expand production. 

Our need to incur costs associated
with responding to these initiatives or complying with any resulting new legal or regulatory requirements resulting from these activities
that are substantial and not adequately provided for, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Economic
risks may adversely affect our operations and/or inhibit our ability to raise additional capital. 

Economically, our operations
in Israel may be subject to: 

exchange rate fluctuations; 

royalty and tax increases and other risks arising out of Israeli State sovereignty over the mineral rights in Israel and its taxing authority; and 

changes in Israel s economy that could lead to oil and gas price controls. 

20 

Consequently, our operations
may be substantially affected by local economic factors beyond our control, any of which could negatively affect our financial performance
and prospects. 

Legal
risks could negatively affect our market value. 

Legally, our operations in
Israel may be subject to: 

changes in the Petroleum Law resulting in modification of license and permit rights; 

adoption of new legislation relating to the terms and conditions pursuant to which operations in the energy sector may be conducted; 

changes in laws and policies affecting operations of foreign-based companies in Israel; and 

changes in governmental energy and environmental policies or the personnel administering them. 

The Israeli Energy Ministry
has now enacted regulations relating to licensing requirements for entities engaged in the fuel sector that would result in our having
to obtain additional licenses to market and sell hydrocarbons that we may discover. 

Further, in the event of a
legal dispute in Israel, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of Israeli courts or we may not be successful in subjecting persons
who are not United States residents to the jurisdiction of courts in the United States, either of which could adversely affect the outcome
of a dispute. 

There
are limitations on the transfer of interests in our petroleum rights, which could impair our ability to raise additional funds to execute
our business plan . 

The Israeli government has
the right to approve any transfer of rights and interests in any license or other petroleum right we hold or may be granted and any mortgage
of any license or other petroleum rights to borrow money. If we attempt to raise additional funds through borrowings or joint ventures
with other companies and are unable to obtain required approvals from the government, the value of your investment could be significantly
diluted or even lost. 

Our
dependence on the limited contractors, equipment and professional services available in Israel may result in increased costs and possibly
material delays in our work schedule . 

Due to the lack of competitive
resources in Israel, costs for our operations may be more expensive than costs for similar operations in other parts of the world. We
are also more likely to incur delays in our exploration schedules and be subject to a greater risk of failure in meeting our required
work schedule. Similarly, some of the oil field personnel we need to undertake our planned operations are not necessarily available in
Israel or available on short notice for work in Israel. Any or all of the factors specified above may result in increased costs and delays
in the work schedule. 

Our
dependence on Israeli local licenses and permits as well as new regulations calling for enhanced bank guarantees and insurance coverage
may require more funds than we have budgeted and may cause delays in our work schedule. 

In connection with drilling
operations, we are subject to a number of Israeli local licenses and permits. Some of these are issued by the Israeli Defense Forces,
the Civil Aviation Authority, the Israeli Water Commission, the Israel Lands Authority, the holders of the surface rights in the lands
on which we intend to conduct drilling operations, local and regional planning commissions and environmental authorities. 

21 

In the event of a commercial
discovery and depending on the nature of the discovery and the production and related distribution equipment necessary to produce and
sell the discovered hydrocarbons, we will be subject to additional licenses and permits, including from various departments in the Energy
Ministry, regional and local planning commissions, the environmental authorities and the Israel Lands Authority. If we are unable to obtain
some or all of these permits or the time required to obtain them is longer than anticipated, we may have to alter or delay our planned
work schedule, which would increase our costs. 

If we are successful in finding
commercial quantities of oil and/or gas, our operations will be subject to laws and regulations relating to the generation, storage, handling,
emission, transportation and discharge of materials into the environment, which can adversely affect the cost, manner or feasibility of
our doing business. Many Israeli laws and regulations require permits for the operation of various facilities, and these permits are subject
to revocation, modification and renewal. Governmental authorities have the power to enforce compliance with their regulations, and violations
could subject us to fines, injunctions or both. 

If
compliance with environmental regulations is more expensive than anticipated, it could adversely impact the profitability of our business. 

Risks of substantial costs
and liabilities related to environmental compliance issues are inherent in oil and gas operations. It is possible that other developments,
such as stricter environmental laws and regulations, and claims for damages to property or persons resulting from oil and gas exploration
and production, would result in substantial costs and liabilities. This could also cause our insurance premiums to be significantly greater
than anticipated. 

The
unavailability or high cost of equipment, supplies, other oil field services and personnel could adversely affect our ability to execute
our exploration and development plans on a timely basis and within our budget. 

Our industry is cyclical and,
from time to time, there is a shortage of equipment, supplies and oilfield services. There may also be a shortage of trained and experienced
personnel. During these periods, the costs of such items are substantially greater and their availability may be limited, particularly
in locations that typically have limited availability of equipment and personnel, such as the Eastern Mediterranean, where our operations
are located. As a result, equipment, supplies and oilfield services may not be available at rates that provide a satisfactory return on
our investment. 

Significant
disruptions of information technology systems or security breaches could adversely affect our business. 

We
are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data to operate our business. In the ordinary course
of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information (including, among other things, trade secrets or
other intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information). It is critical that we do so in a secure manner
to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. We also have outsourced elements of our operations to
third parties, and as a result we manage a number of third-party vendors who may or could have access to our confidential information.
The size and complexity of our information technology systems, and those of third-party vendors with whom we contract, and the large amounts
of confidential information stored on those systems, make such systems vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from
inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, third-party vendors and/or business partners, or to cyber-attacks by malicious third
parties. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect.
Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and other means
to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. 

Significant
disruptions of our information technology systems, or those of our third-party vendors or business partners, or security breaches could
adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss, misappropriation and/or unauthorized access, use or disclosure of,
or the prevention of access to, confidential information, including, among other things, trade secrets or other intellectual property,
proprietary business information and personal information, and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us.
Security breaches and other inappropriate access can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying them may lead to increased harm
of the type described above. While we have implemented security measures to protect our information technology systems and infrastructure,
there can be no assurance that such measures will prevent service interruptions or security breaches that could adversely affect our business.
In addition, our liability insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against costs of or claims related to security
breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches. A cybersecurity breach could adversely affect our reputation and could result
in other negative consequences, including disruption of our internal operations, increased cybersecurity protection costs, lost revenue,
or litigation. 

22 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 

We will issue additional
common stock in the future, which would dilute the ownership interests of our existing stockholders. 

In the future, we anticipate
issuing additional securities in connection with capital raising efforts, including shares of our common stock or securities convertible
into or exchangeable for our common stock, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our stockholders. We are authorized
under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to issue 800,000,000 shares of common stock. As of March 21, 2023, there were
approximately 530,138,682 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

When we offer a particular
series of securities, we will describe the intended use of the net proceeds from that offering in a prospectus supplement. The actual
amount of net proceeds we spend on a particular use will depend on many factors, including, our future capital expenditures, the amount
of cash required by our operations, and our future revenue growth, if any. Therefore, we will retain broad discretion in the use of the
net proceeds. 

Because
the likelihood of paying cash dividends on our common stock is remote at this time, stockholders must look solely to appreciation of our
common stock to realize a gain on their investments. 

We do not know when or if
we will pay dividends. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business. Our future dividend
policy is within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon various factors, including our business, financial condition,
results of operations, capital requirements and investment opportunities. Accordingly, stockholders must look solely to appreciation of
our common stock to realize a gain on their investment. This appreciation may not occur. 

Our
stock price and trading volume may be volatile, which could result in losses for our stockholders. 

The public market for our
common stock has been characterized by significant price and volume fluctuations. There can be no assurance that the market price
of our common stock will not decline below its current or historic price ranges. The market price may bear no relationship to the
prospects, stage of development, existence of oil and gas reserves, revenues, earnings, assets or potential of our company and may not
be indicative of our future business performance. The trading price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations. Fluctuations
in the price of oil and gas and related international political events can be expected to affect the price of our common stock. In
addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price for many
companies, sometimes unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. These market fluctuations, as well as general economic,
political and market conditions, may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Some of the factors that could
negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our common stock include: 

actual or anticipated quarterly variations in our operating results, 

developments in the SEC investigation, 

changes in expectations as to our future financial performance or changes in financial estimates, if any, 

announcements relating to our business or the business of our competitors, 

conditions generally affecting the oil and natural gas industry, particularly in Israel, 

the success of our operating strategy, 

the operating and stock performance of other comparable companies, and 

The continued listing of our stock on a recognized stock exchange 

Many of these factors are
beyond our control, and we cannot predict their potential effect on the price of our common stock. 

23 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

At December 31, 2022, the Company held one active petroleum exploration
license onshore Israel, the New Megiddo License 428, comprising approximately 99,000 acres. This License was awarded on December
3, 2020and had the same area and coordinates as the replaced License 401. This License expired on February 1, 2023. 

Please refer to the discussion
above under Part 1, Item 1, Business. 

The table below summarizes certain data for our former license area
for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Type of Right 

Name 

Area 
(Approx. Acres) 

Working 
Interest 

Expiration 
Date 

License 428 

Megiddo-Jezreel 

98,842 

100 

February 1, 2023 (1)(2)(3) 

(1) 
 Declaration of a commercial discovery during the license term, which may in certain circumstances be extended for two years to define the boundaries of the field, would entitle Zion to receive a 30-year lease (extendable for up to an additional 20 years (50 years in all) subject to compliance with a field development work program and production. 

(2) This license expired on February 1, 2023. 

(3) 
 Zion filed an amended license application on January 24, 2023 see Part 1, Item 1, Business for more details. 

Surface
Rights 

The surface rights to the
drill site in the New Megiddo License 428 area are held under a long-term lease by Kibbutz Sde Eliyahu. The rights are owned by the State
of Israel and administered by the Israel Lands Authority. Permission has been granted to Zion by both Kibbutz Sde Eliyahu and the Israel
Lands Authority for the use of the surface rights. 

The surface rights to former
drill sites in the former Joseph License area are held under a long-term lease by Kibbutz Ma anit. The rights are owned by the State
of Israel and administered by the Israel Lands Authority. Permission has been granted to Zion by both Kibbutz Ma anit and the Israel
Lands Authority for the use of the surface rights. The Company has completed the plugging obligations of all wells within the Joseph License
area and acknowledges its obligation to complete the abandonment of the wells in accordance with guidance from the Environmental Ministry
even though the Joseph License has expired. 

The surface rights to the
former drill site in the former Asher-Menashe License area are held under a long-term lease by Kibbutz Ein Carmel. The rights are owned
by the State of Israel and administered by the Israel Lands Authority. Permission has been granted to Zion by both Kibbutz Ein Carmel
and the Israel Lands Authority for the use of the surface rights. The Company has completed the plugging obligations of the only well
within the Asher-Menashe License area and also completed the abandonment of the well in accordance with guidance from the Environmental
Ministry in 2020. 

Summary of Exploration Activities/Present Activities 

Please refer to the discussion
above under Item 1, under the caption Summary of Exploration Activities. 

Office
Properties 

(i) On September 10, 2015,
the Company signed a lease agreement with Hartman Income REIT Property Holdings, LLC Hartman for new premises containing
7,276 square feet. The lease term was for 65 months (about 5.5 years) from December 1, 2015 to April 30, 2021. Rent was abated for the
first five (5) month beginning in December 2015 and extending through April 2016. Beginning in May 2016 and extending through April 2017,
rent was paid on a monthly basis in the base amount of 7,882 per month. Beginning in May 2017 and extending through April 2018, rent
was paid on a monthly basis in the base amount of 8,186 per month. Beginning in May 2018 and extending through April 2019, rent was paid
on a monthly basis in the base amount of 8,489 per month. Beginning in May 2019 and extending through April 2020, rent was paid on a
monthly basis in the base amount of 8,792 per month. Beginning in May 2020 and extending through April 2021, rent was paid on a monthly
basis in the base amount of 9,095 per month. The Company was also obligated to pay its pro-rated portion of all taxes, utilities, and
insurance during the lease term. 

24 

On June 14, 2016, the Company
and Hartman signed a First Amendment to Lease Agreement whereby the premises were expanded to include approximately 1,498 square feet,
for a new total of approximately 8,774 square feet. The first amendment commencement date was July 1, 2016 and the payment of monthly
rent was revised. 

Beginning in July 2016 and
extending through November 2016, rent was paid on a monthly basis in the base amount of 7,882 per month. Beginning in December 2016 and
extending through May 2017, rent was paid monthly in the base amount of 9,505.17 per month. Beginning in June 2017 and extending through
May 2018, rent was paid monthly in the base amount of 9,870.75 per month. Beginning in June 2018 and extending through May 2019, rent
was paid monthly in the base amount of 10,236.33 per month. Beginning in June 2019 and extending through May 2020, rent was paid monthly
in the base amount of 10,601.92 per month. Beginning in June 2020 and extending through May 2021, rent was paid monthly in the base amount
of 10,967.50 per month. This lease is treated as an operating lease. 

On May 14, 2021, the Company
and Hartman signed a letter agreement Renewal Letter whereby the Lease extended from June 1, 2021 through May 31, 2022.
The monthly basic rent was paid in the amount of 10,967.50 and a monthly electricity expense of approximately 1,279.54. 

On May 4, 2022, the Company
and Hartman signed a letter agreement 2 nd Renewal Letter whereby the Lease extended from June 1, 2022 through
May 31, 2023. The monthly basic rent is to be paid in the amount of 11,333.08 and a monthly electricity expense of approximately 1,703.62. 

(ii) The Company s field
office in Caesarea Israel consists of 6,566 square feet. The lease term was five years from February 1, 2014 to January 31, 2019. Rent
was paid on a monthly basis in the base amount of approximately NIS 37,800 per month (approximately 10,750) per month at the exchange
rate in effect on the date of this report and is linked to an increase (but not a decrease) in the CPI. The Company was also obligated
to pay all related taxes, utilities, insurance and maintenance payments during the lease term. Pursuant to the lease, two years from the
commencement of the lease term, the Company may terminate the agreement upon three months notice provided the Company secures a
replacement lessee approved by the lessor at its discretion. 

The Company has an option
to renew the lease for another five years, provided it is not in breach of the agreement, where it is required as well to furnish a notice
of intent to exercise the option six months prior to termination of lease, and it furnishes a bank guarantee and insurance confirmation
prior to commencement of the option period. 

The Company exercised the
above-mentioned option on September 25, 2018. Rent is to be paid on a monthly basis in the base amount of approximately NIS 43,500 per
month (approximately 12,300) at the exchange rate in effect on the date of this report and is linked to an increase (but not a decrease)
in the CPI. The Company has an option to renew the lease for another five years from February 1, 2024 to January 31, 2029, provided it
is not in breach of the agreement, where it is required as well to furnish a notice of intent to exercise the option six months prior
to termination of lease, and it furnishes a bank guarantee and insurance confirmation prior to commencement of the option period. In the
event that the Company does not exercise the option to renew the lease, the Company would pay the lessor an amount of approximately NIS
94,000 (approximately 26,800) at the exchange rate in effect on the date of this report and is linked to an increase (but not a decrease)
in the CPI. 

Geneva Branch 

On July 11, 2014, Zion Oil
 Gas, Inc., Geneva Branch was registered in the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland. The legal Swiss name for the foreign branch is Zion
Oil Gas, Inc., Wilmington, Branch of Geneva . The Zion Swiss Branch has its registered office and its business office at 6
Avenue Jules Crosnier, 1206 Champel, Geneva, Switzerland. The purpose of the branch is to operate a foreign treasury center for the Company. 

25 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC Investigation 

As previously disclosed by
the Company, on June 21, 2018, the Fort Worth Regional Office of the SEC informed Zion that it was conducting a formal, non-public investigation
and asked that we provide certain information and documents in connection with its investigation. Since that date, we have fully cooperated
with the SEC on an on-going basis in connection with its investigation. Investigations of this nature are inherently uncertain and their
results cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, an SEC investigation could have an adverse impact on us because
of legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. The investigation could also result in reputational harm to Zion
and may have a material adverse effect on Zion s current and future business and exploratory activities and its ability to raise
capital to continue our oil and gas exploratory activities. 

The Company cannot predict
when this matter will be resolved or what, if any, action the SEC may take following the conclusion of the investigation. 

Litigation 

From time to time, the Company
may be subject to routine litigation, claims or disputes in the ordinary course of business. The Company defends itself vigorously in
all such matters. However, we cannot predict the outcome or effect of any of the potential litigation, claims or disputes. 

The Company is not subject
to any litigation at the present time. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

26 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

We completed the initial public
offering of our common stock in January 2007. From January 3, 2007 through September 1, 2009, shares of our common stock were traded
on the NYSE Amex under the symbol ZN. From September 2, 2009, through July 10, 2019, our common stock traded on the Nasdaq
Global Market, also under the symbol ZN. Since July 11, 2019, and through September 1, 2020, our common stock traded on
the Nasdaq Capital Market, also under the symbol ZN. Since September 3, 2020, our common stock has been trading on OTCQX
under the symbol ZNOG. The Zion warrant ZNWAA has been trading under the symbol ZNOGW. 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, there
were approximately 19,522 shareholders of record of our common stock. A significant number of shares of our Common Stock are held
in either nominee name or street name brokerage accounts and, consequently, we are unable to determine the number of beneficial owners
of our stock. 

Dividends 

We have never paid dividends
on our common stock and do not plan to pay dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. Whether dividends will be paid in
the future will be in the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on various factors, including our earnings and financial
condition and other factors our board of directors considers relevant. We currently intend to retain earnings to develop and expand our
business. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities 

We do not have a stock repurchase
program for our common stock. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

27 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Introduction 

The following discussion and
analysis should be read in conjunction with our accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Some of our discussion is forward-looking and involves risks and uncertainties. For
information regarding factors that could have a material adverse effect on our business, refer to Risk Factors under Item 1A of
this Report. 

Overview 

Zion Oil and Gas, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, is an oil and gas exploration company with a history of 23 years of oil and gas exploration in Israel. We were incorporated
in Florida on April 6, 2000 and reincorporated in Delaware on July 9, 2003. We completed our initial public offering in January 2007.
Our common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Stock currently trades on the OTCQX Market under the symbol ZNOG 
and our Common Stock warrant under the symbol ZNOGW. 

The Company held one active
petroleum exploration license onshore Israel, the New Megiddo License 428 NML 428 ), comprising approximately 99,000 acres.
The NML 428 was awarded on December 3, 2020 for a six-month term with the possibility of an additional six-month extension. On April 29,
2021, Zion submitted a request to the Ministry of Energy for a six-month extension to December 2, 2021. On May 30, 2021, the Ministry
of Energy approved our request for extension to December 2, 2021. On November 29, 2021, the Ministry of Energy approved our request for
extension to August 1, 2022. On July 25, 2022, Zion submitted a request to the Ministry of Energy for a six-month extension to February
1, 2023. On July 31, 2022, the Ministry of Energy approved our request for extension to February 1, 2023. The NML 428 expired on February
1, 2023, but Zion applied for a replacement license prior to such expiration. The ML 428 lies onshore, south and west of the Sea of Galilee,
and we continue our exploration focus here based on our studies as it appears to possess the key geologic ingredients of an active petroleum
system with significant exploration potential. 

See Item 1 for a detailed listing of our exploration activities, milestones
and/or timelines. 

28 

I-35 Drilling Rig Associated Equipment

On March 12, 2020, Zion entered
into a Purchase and Sale Agreement with Central European Drilling kft, a Hungarian corporation, to purchase an onshore oil and gas drilling
rig, drilling pipe, related equipment and spare parts for a purchase price of 5.6 million in cash, subject to acceptance testing and
potential downward adjustment. We remitted to the Seller 250,000 on February 6, 2020 as earnest money towards the Purchase Price. The
Closing anticipated by the Agreement took place on March 12, 2020 by the Seller s execution and delivery of a Bill of Sale to us.
On March 13, 2020, the Seller retained the earnest money deposit, and the Company remitted 4,350,000 to the seller towards the purchase
price and 1,000,000 (the Holdback Amount was deposited in escrow with American Stock Transfer and Trust Company LLC. On
January 6, 2021, Zion completed its acceptance testing of the I-35 drilling rig and the Holdback Amount was remitted to Central European
Drilling on January 8, 2021. 

I-35 Drilling Rig 
 Rig Spare Parts 
 Other 
Drilling Assets 
 Total 

US thousands 
 US thousands 
 US thousands 
 US thousands 
 
 December 31, 2020 
 6,493 
 698 
 377 
 7,568 

Asset Additions 
 - 
 191 
 25 
 216 

Asset Depreciation 
 (634 
 - 
 (69 
 (703 

Asset Disposals for Self-Consumption 
 - 
 (247 
 - 
 (247 

December 31, 2021 
 5,859 
 642 
 333 
 6,834 

Asset Additions 
 - 
 179 
 221 
 400 

Asset Depreciation 
 (634 
 - 
 (117 
 (751 

Asset Disposals for Self-Consumption 
 - 
 (202 
 - 
 (202 

December 31, 2022 
 5,225 
 619 
 437 
 6,281 

Zion s ability to fully
undertake all of these aforementioned activities was subject to its raising the needed capital through the issuance of our securities,
and we anticipate we will continue to need to raise funds through the issuance of equity securities (or securities convertible into or
exchangeable for equity securities). No assurance can be provided that we will be successful in raising the needed equity on favorable
terms (or at all). 

29 

Our executive offices are
located at 12655 N Central Expressway, Suite 1000, Dallas, Texas 75243, and our telephone number is (214) 221-4610. Our field office in
Israel is located at 9 Halamish Street, North Industrial Park, Caesarea 3088900, and the telephone number is +972-4-623-8500. 

Principal
Components of our Cost Structure 

Our operating and other expenses
primarily consist of the following: 

Impairment of Unproved Oil and Gas Properties: Impairment expense is recognized if a determination is made that a well will not be commercially productive. The amounts include amounts paid in respect of the drilling operations as well as geological and geophysical costs and various amounts that were paid to Israeli regulatory authorities. 

General and Administrative Expenses: Overhead, including payroll and benefits for our corporate staff, costs of managing our exploratory operations, audit and other professional fees, and legal compliance is included in general and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses also include non-cash stock-based compensation expense, investor relations related expenses, lease and insurance and related expenses. 

Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization: The systematic expensing of the capital costs incurred to explore for natural gas and oil represents a principal component of our cost structure. As a full cost company, we capitalize all costs associated with our exploration, and apportion these costs to each unit of production, if any, through depreciation, depletion and amortization expense. As we have yet to have production, the costs of abandoned wells are written off immediately versus being included in this amortization pool. 

Going
Concern Basis 

Since we have limited capital
resources, no revenue to date and a loss from operations, our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern
basis, which contemplates realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The appropriateness
of using the going concern basis is dependent upon our ability to obtain additional financing or equity capital and, ultimately, to achieve
profitable operations. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Management s discussion
and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expense
during the reporting period. 

30 

We have identified the accounting
principles which we believe are most critical to the reported financial status by considering accounting policies that involve the most
complex of subjective decisions or assessment. 

Impairment of Oil and Gas Properties 

We follow the full-cost method
of accounting for oil and gas properties. Accordingly, all costs associated with acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas
reserves, including directly related overhead costs, are capitalized. 

All capitalized costs of oil
and gas properties, including the estimated future costs to develop proved reserves, are amortized on the unit-of-production method using
estimates of proved reserves. Investments in unproved properties and major development projects are not amortized until proved reserves
associated with the projects can be determined or until impairment occurs. If the results of an assessment indicate that the properties
are impaired, the amount of the impairment is included in income from continuing operations before income taxes, and the adjusted carrying
amount of the unproved properties is amortized on the unit-of-production method. 

Our oil and gas properties
represent an investment in unproved properties. These costs are excluded from the amortized cost pool until proved reserves are found
or until it is determined that the costs are impaired. All costs excluded are reviewed at least quarterly to determine if impairment has
occurred. The amount of any impairment is charged to expense since a reserve base has not yet been established. A further impairment requiring
a charge to expense may be indicated through evaluation of drilling results, relinquishing drilling rights or other information. 

Abandonment of properties
is accounted for as adjustments to capitalized costs. The net capitalized costs are subject to a ceiling test which limits
such costs to the aggregate of the estimated present value of future net revenues from proved reserves discounted at ten percent based
on current economic and operating conditions, plus the lower of cost or fair market value of unproved properties. The recoverability of
amounts capitalized for oil and gas properties is dependent upon the identification of economically recoverable reserves, together with
obtaining the necessary financing to exploit such reserves and the achievement of profitable operations. 

During the fourth quarter
of 2022, the Company testing protocol was concluded at the MJ-02 well. The test results confirmed that the MJ-02 well did not contain
hydrocarbons in commercial quantities in the zones tested. As a result, in the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a non-cash
impairment charge to its unproved oil and gas properties of 45,615,000. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not
record any non-cash impairment charges (see Note 4). 

The total net book value of
our unproved oil and gas properties under the full cost method is 15,889,000 and 46,950,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Currency Utilized 

Although our oil gas
properties and our principal operations are in Israel, we report all our transactions in United States dollars. Certain dollar amounts
in the consolidated financial statements may represent the dollar equivalent of other currencies. 

31 

Valuation of Deferred Taxes 

We record a valuation allowance
to reduce our deferred tax asset to the amount that we believe is likely to be realized in the future. In assessing the need for the valuation
allowance, we have considered not only future taxable income but also feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. In the event that
we were to determine that it would be likely that we would, in the future, realize our deferred tax assets in excess of the net recorded
amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would be made. In the period that such a determination was made, the adjustment to the
deferred tax asset would produce an increase in our net income. 

Asset Retirement Obligation 

We record a liability for
asset retirement obligation at fair value in the period in which it is incurred and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of
the related long-lived assets. 

Fair
Value Considerations 

We follow ASC 820, Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures, as amended by Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Financial Staff Position (FSP) No.
157 and related guidance. Those provisions relate to the Company s financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value and the
fair value disclosures related to financial assets and liabilities. ASC 820 defines fair value, expands related disclosure requirements,
and specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on the nature of the inputs used to develop the fair value measures. Fair value
is defined as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date, assuming the transaction occurs in the principal or most advantageous market for that asset
or liability. 

There are three levels of
inputs to fair value measurements - Level 1, meaning the use of quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets; Level 2, meaning
the use of quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that
are not active or are directly or indirectly observable; and Level 3, meaning the use of unobservable inputs. We use Level 1 inputs for
fair value measurements whenever there is an active market, with actual quotes, market prices, and observable inputs on the measurement
date. We use Level 2 inputs for fair value measurements whenever there are quoted prices for similar securities in an active market or
quoted prices for identical securities in an inactive market. We use observable market data whenever available. We use Level 3 inputs
in the Binomial Model used for the valuation of the derivative liability. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

The following table sets forth
our Statements of Operations data for the years ended December 31 (all data is in thousands of USD) for 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating costs and expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 
 6,243 
 7,594 

Other 
 3,092 
 3,287 

Impairment of unproved oil and gas properties 
 45,615 
 - 

Operating costs and expenses 
 54,950 
 10,881 

Gain on derivative liability 
 - 
 (431 

Other expense, net 
 127 
 271 

Net loss 
 55,077 
 10,721 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED
TO DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Revenue . We currently
have no revenue generating operations. 

32 

Operating costs and expenses. 
Operating costs and expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 54,950,000 compared to 10,881,000 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase in costs in 2022 is primarily attributable to the recognition of an impairment charge of 45,615,000 during Q4
2022. 

General and administrative
expenses . General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 6,243,000 compared to 7,594,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. A major component of general and administrative expenses is non-cash stock compensation expense in the form
of stock options granted to employees, management and directors. As stated in this filing, Zion does not have revenue generating operations.
Historically, we have compensated our staff in part by granting stock options in lieu of cash balances. However, though stock option grants
are intended to provide a financial incentive, there are no guarantees that stock options will be in the money and, in that
event, would maintain no value. 

Zion granted the following
number of stock options during the quarters of 2021 and 2022: 

March 31, 2021: 1,075,000 

June 30, 2021: 3,625,000 

September 30, 2021: 2,323,000 

December 31, 2021: 0 

March 31, 2022: 4,100,000 

June 30, 2022: 7,525,000 

September
 30, 2022: 6,228,000 

December
 31, 2022: 0 

YTD December 31, 2021:
 7,023,000 

YTD December 31, 2022:
 17,853,000 

Expenses were 1,351,000 lower
(17.8 when compared to expenses for 2021. The primary driver of this variance was stock option expense. Although the number of stock
options granted was 10,830,000 higher during 2022, expenses were significantly lower due to low stock prices on various dates of grants
in 2022. 

Other expenses. Other
expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 were 3,092,000 compared to 3,287,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This is
a variance of 195,000 or 5.9 . The expenses in this category are comprised of non-compensation and non-professional expenses incurred.
The primary drivers of this decrease were lower annual meeting expenses and Facebook spending with a partial offset by an increase in
insurance costs. Annual meeting expenses were significantly higher in 2021 due primarily to proxy solicitation costs to secure votes for
two important proposals. 

Impairment of unproved
oil and gas properties. Impairment of unproved oil and gas properties expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 45,615,000
compared to nil for the year ended December 31, 2021. The expense recorded in 2022 is attributable to the impairment charge of 45,615,000
related to the MJ-2 well. 

Gain on derivative liability.
 Gain on derivative liability during the year ended December 31, 2022 was nil compared to 431,000) for the year ended December 31,
2021. An embedded derivative was contained within the valuation of Zion s 100 convertible bond offering which closed in March 2016
and was fully paid in May 2021. The (gain) on derivative liability during the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily due to the change
in the share price of our common stock that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other expense,
net. Other expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 127,000 compared to 271,000 for the year ended December 31,
2021. This is a variance of 144,000 or 52.8 . The decrease in these
expenses in 2022 is primarily attributable to financial expenses related to the Company s convertible bonds which were paid in
2021. 

Net Loss. Net loss
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 55,077,000 compared to 10,721,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The primary driver
of the higher net loss in 2022 is the recognition of an impairment charge of 45,615,000 during Q4 2022. 

33 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is a measure of
a company s ability to meet potential cash requirements. As discussed above, we have historically met our capital requirements through
the issuance of common stock as well as proceeds from the exercise of warrants and options to purchase common shares. 

Our ability to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon obtaining the necessary financing to complete further exploration and development activities and generate
profitable operations from our oil and natural gas interests in the future. Our current operations are dependent upon the adequacy of
our current assets to meet our current expenditure requirements and the accuracy of management s estimates of those requirements. Should
those estimates be materially incorrect, our ability to continue as a going concern will be impaired. Our consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. We have incurred a history of operating losses
and negative cash flows from operations. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

During the past two completed fiscal years, we have financed our operations
primarily from the proceeds of sales of our stock under the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we raised approximately 19,129,000 and 26,219,000, respectively, under the Plan. Of the amounts raised, approximately
77 of the amounts raised in 2022 were attributable to two participants and 67 of the amounts raised in 2021 were attributable to two
participants. The cessation of funding from these participants may result in adverse consequences to our business, such as a delay in
our testing efforts, until we locate alternate sources for this funding. 

At December 31, 2022, we had
approximately 1,735,000 in cash and cash equivalents compared to 4,683,000 at December 31, 2021. Our working capital (current assets
minus current liabilities) was 661,000 at December 31, 2022 and 3,303,000 at December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2022, the Company provided Israeli-required
bank guarantees to various governmental bodies (approximately 1,278,000 and 1,189,000, respectively) and others (approximately 79,000
and 94,000, respectively) with respect to its drilling operation in an aggregate amount of approximately 1,357,000 and 1,283,000, respectively.
The (cash) funds backing these guarantees are held in restricted interest-bearing accounts and are reported on the Company s balance
sheets as fixed short-term bank deposits restricted. 

During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, cash used in operating activities totaled 5,704,000 and 5,813,000, respectively. Cash provided by financing
activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 19,133,000 and 26,125,000, respectively, and is primarily attributable
to proceeds received from the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (the DSPP or Plan ). Net cash used
in investing activities such as drilling costs for our MJ-02 exploratory well, purchase of equipment and spare parts was 16,267,000 and
 29,022,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

34 

Accounting standards require management to evaluate our ability to
continue as a going concern for a period of one year subsequent to the date of the filing of this Form 10-K. We expect to incur additional
significant expenditures to further our exploration and development programs. While we raised approximately 738,000 during the
period January 1, 2023 through March 23, 2023, we will need to raise additional funds in order to continue our exploration and development
activities. Additionally, we estimate that, when we are not actively drilling a well, our expenditures are approximately 600,000 per
month excluding exploratory operational activities. However, when we are actively drilling a well, we estimate an additional minimum expenditure
of approximately 2,500,000 per month. The above estimates are subject to change. Subject to the qualifications specified below, management
believes that our existing cash balance, coupled with anticipated proceeds under the DSPP, will be sufficient to finance our plan of operations
through April 2023. 

The outbreak of the coronavirus,
together with its subsequent variants, has significantly disrupted business operations and resulted in significantly increased unemployment
in the general economy. The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our operations, specifically our capital raising efforts, as well
as our ability to continue our exploratory efforts, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
with confidence, including the duration of the outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and
the actions to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. 

No assurance can be provided
that we will be able to raise the needed operating capital. 

Even if we raise the needed
funds, there are factors that can nevertheless adversely impact our ability to fund our operating needs, including (without limitation),
unexpected or unforeseen cost overruns in drilling and planned non-drilling exploratory work, the costs associated with extended delays
in undertaking the required exploratory work, and plugging and abandonment activities which is typical of what we have experienced in
the past. 

The financial information
contained in these consolidated financial statements has been prepared on a basis that assumes that we will continue as a going concern,
which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. This
financial information and these consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

The Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase
Plan 

On March 13, 2014 Zion filed
a registration statement on Form S-3 that was part of a replacement registration statement that was filed with the SEC using a shelf 
registration process. The registration statement was declared effective by the SEC on March 31, 2014. On February 23, 2017, the Company
filed a Form S-3 with the SEC (Registration No. 333-216191) as a replacement for the Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-193336), for which
the three year period ended March 31, 2017, along with the base Prospectus and Supplemental Prospectus. The Form S-3, as amended, and
the new base Prospectus became effective on March 10, 2017, along with the Prospectus Supplement that was filed and became effective on
March 10, 2017. The Prospectus Supplement under Registration No. 333-216191 describes the terms of the DSPP and replaces the prior Prospectus
Supplement, as amended, under the prior Registration No. 333-193336. 

On March 27, 2014, we launched
our Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (the DSPP pursuant to which stockholders and interested investors can
purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock as well as units of the Company s securities directly from the Company. The
terms of the DSPP are described in the Prospectus Supplement originally filed on March 31, 2014 (the Original Prospectus Supplement with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under the Company s effective registration Statement on Form S-3,
as thereafter amended. 

35 

On January 13, 2015, the Company
amended the Original Prospectus Supplement Amendment No. 3 to provide for a unit option (the Unit Option under the DSPP comprised of one share of Common Stock and three Common Stock purchase warrants with each unit priced at 4.00. Each warrant
afforded the participant the opportunity to purchase the Company s Common Stock at a warrant exercise price of 1.00. Each of the
three warrants series had different expiration dates that had been extended. 

The ZNWAB warrants first became
exercisable on May 2, 2016 and, in the case of ZNWAC on May 2, 2017 and in the case of ZNWAD on May 2, 2018, at a per share exercise price
of 1.00. 

As of May 2, 2017, any outstanding
ZNWAB warrants expired. 

As of May 2, 2018, any outstanding
ZNWAC warrants expired. 

On May 29, 2019, the Company
extended the termination date of the ZNWAD Warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of May 2, 2020 to May 2, 2021. Zion considers
this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

On September 15, 2020, the
Company extended the termination date of the ZNWAD Warrant by two (2) years from the expiration date of May 2, 2021 to May 2, 2023. Zion
considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

On November 1, 2016, the Company
launched a unit offering under the Company s DSPP pursuant to which participants could purchase units comprised of seven shares
of Common Stock and seven Common Stock purchase warrants, at a per unit purchase price of 10. The warrant is referred to as ZNWAE. 

The ZNWAE warrants became
exercisable on May 1, 2017 and continued to be exercisable through May 1, 2020 at a per share exercise price of 1.00. 

On May 29, 2019, the Company
extended the termination date of the ZNWAE Warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of May 1, 2020 to May 1, 2021. Zion considers
this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

On September 15, 2020, the
Company extended the termination date of the ZNWAE Warrant by two (2) years from the expiration date of May 1, 2021 to May 1, 2023. Zion
considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

The warrant terms provide
that if the Company s Common Stock trades above 5.00 per share at the closing price for 15 consecutive trading days at any time
prior to the expiration date of the warrant, the Company may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the termination of the warrant upon providing
60 days advanced notice to the warrant holders. 

36 

On May 22, 2017, the Company
launched a new unit offering. This unit offering consisted of a new combination of common stock and warrants, a new time period in which
to purchase under the program, and a new unit price, but otherwise the same unit program features, conditions and terms in the Prospectus
Supplement applied. The unit offering terminated on July 12, 2017. This unit offering enabled participants to purchase Units of the Company s
securities where each Unit (priced at 250.00 each) was comprised of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing 250.00
(the price of one Unit) by the average of the high and low sale prices of the Company s Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ on
the unit purchase date and (ii) Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase an additional 25 shares of Common Stock at a warrant exercise
price of 1.00 per share. The warrant is referred to as ZNWAF. 

All ZNWAF warrants became
exercisable on August 14, 2017 and continued to be exercisable through August 14, 2020 at a per share exercise price of 1.00. 

On May 29, 2019, the Company
extended the termination date of the ZNWAF Warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of August 14, 2020 to August 14, 2021. Zion
considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

On September 15, 2020, the
Company extended the termination date of the ZNWAF Warrant by two (2) years from the expiration date of August 14, 2021 to August 14,
2023. Zion considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

The warrant terms provide
that if the Company s Common Stock trades above 5.00 per share as the closing price for 15 consecutive trading days at any time
prior to the expiration date of the warrant, the Company has the sole discretion to accelerate the termination date of the warrant upon
providing 60 days advanced notice to the warrant holders. 

An Amendment No. 2 to the
Prospectus Supplement (as described below) was filed on October 12, 2017. 

Under Amendment No. 2, the
Company initiated another unit offering which terminated on December 6, 2017. This unit offering enabled participants to purchase Units
of the Company s securities where each Unit (priced at 250.00 each) was comprised of (i) a certain number of shares of Common Stock
determined by dividing 250.00 (the price of one Unit) by the average of the high and low sale prices of the Company s Common Stock
as reported on the NASDAQ on the unit purchase date and (ii) Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase an additional 15 shares of Common
Stock at a warrant exercise price of 1.00 per share. The warrant is referred to as ZNWAG. 

The warrants became exercisable on January 8, 2018 and continue to
be exercisable through January 8, 2024 at a revised per share exercise price of .25. The warrant terms provide that if the Company s
Common Stock trades above 5.00 per share as the closing price for 15 consecutive trading days at any time prior to the expiration date
of the warrant, the Company has the sole discretion to accelerate the termination date of the warrant upon providing 60 days advanced
notice to the warrant holders. 

On December 14, 2022, the
Company extended the termination date of the ZNWAG warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of January 8, 2023 to January 8, 2024.
Zion considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

On February 1, 2018, the Company
launched another unit offering which terminated on February 28, 2018. The unit offering consisted of Units of our securities where each
Unit (priced at 250.00 each) was comprised of (i) 50 shares of Common Stock and (ii) Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase an additional
50 shares of Common Stock. The investor s Plan account was credited with the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock
acquired under the Units purchased. Each warrant affords the investor the opportunity to purchase one share of Company Common Stock at
a warrant exercise price of 5.00. The warrant is referred to as ZNWAH. 

37 

The warrants became exercisable
on April 2, 2018 and continued to be exercisable through April 2, 2020 at a per share exercise price of 5.00, after the Company, on December
4, 2018, extended the termination date of the Warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of April 2, 2019 to April 2, 2020. 

On May 29, 2019, the Company
extended the termination date of the ZNWAH Warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of April 2, 2020 to April 2, 2021. Zion considers
this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

On September 15, 2020, the
Company extended the termination date of the ZNWAH Warrant by two (2) years from the expiration date of April 2, 2021 to April 2, 2023.
Zion considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

On August 21, 2018, the Company
initiated another unit offering, and it terminated on September 26, 2018. The unit offering consisted of Units of the Company s
securities where each Unit (priced at 250.00 each) was comprised of (i) a certain number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing
 250.00 (the price of one Unit) by the average of the high and low sale prices of the Company s publicly traded common stock as
reported on the NASDAQ on the Unit Purchase Date and (ii) Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase an additional twenty-five (25) shares
of Common Stock. The investor s Plan account was credited with the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock acquired
under the Units purchased. Each warrant affords the investor the opportunity to purchase one share of Company Common Stock at a warrant
exercise price of 1.00. The warrant is referred to as ZNWAJ. 

The warrants became exercisable
on October 29, 2018 and continued to be exercisable through October 29, 2020 at a per share exercise price of 1.00, after the Company,
on December 4, 2018, extended the termination date of the Warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of October 29, 2019 to October
29, 2020. 

On May 29, 2019, the Company
extended the termination date of the ZNWAJ Warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of October 29, 2020 to October 29, 2021. Zion
considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

On September 15, 2020, the
Company extended the termination date of the ZNWAJ Warrant by two (2) years from the expiration date of October 29, 2021 to October 29,
2023. Zion considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

On December 10, 2018, the
Company initiated another unit offering, and it terminated on January 23, 2019. The unit offering consisted of Units of the Company s
securities where each Unit (priced at 250.00 each) was comprised of (i) two hundred and fifty (250) shares of Common Stock and (ii) Common
Stock purchase warrants to purchase an additional two hundred and fifty (250) shares of Common Stock at a per share exercise price of
 0.01. The investor s Plan account was credited with the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock and Warrants that
are acquired under the Units purchased. Each warrant affords the participant the opportunity to purchase one share of our Common Stock
at a warrant exercise price of 0.01. The warrant is referred to as ZNWAK. 

The warrants became exercisable
on February 25, 2019 and continued to be exercisable through February 25, 2020 at a per share exercise price of 0.01. 

On May 29, 2019, the Company
extended the termination date of the ZNWAK warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of February 25, 2020 to February 25, 2021.
Zion considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

38 

On September 15, 2020, the
Company extended the termination date of the ZNWAK warrant by two (2) years from the expiration date of February 25, 2021 to February
25, 2023. Zion considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

On April 24, 2019, the Company
initiated another unit offering, and it terminated on June 26, 2019, after the Company, on June 5, 2019, extended the termination date
of the unit offering. 

The unit offering consisted
of Units of the Company s securities where each Unit (priced at 250.00 each) was comprised of (i) two hundred and fifty (250) shares
of Common Stock and (ii) Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase an additional fifty (50) shares of Common Stock at a per share exercise
price of 2.00. The investor s Plan account was credited with the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock and Warrants
acquired under the Units purchased. For Plan participants who enrolled into the Unit Program with the purchase of at least one Unit and
also enrolled in the separate Automatic Monthly Investments AMI program at a minimum of 50.00 per month or more, received
an additional twenty-five (25) warrants at an exercise price of 2.00 during this Unit Option Program. The twenty-five (25) additional
warrants were for enrolling into the AMI program. Existing subscribers to the AMI were entitled to the additional twenty-five (25) warrants
once, if they purchased at least one (1) unit during the Unit program. Each warrant affords the participant the opportunity to purchase
one share of our Common Stock at a warrant exercise price of 2.00. The warrant is referred to as ZNWAL. 

The warrants became exercisable
on August 26, 2019 and continued to be exercisable through August 26, 2021 at a per share exercise price of 2.00. 

On September 15, 2020, the
Company extended the termination date of the ZNWAL warrant by two (2) years from the expiration date of August 26, 2021 to August 26,
2023. Zion considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

Under our Plan, the Company
under a Request For Waiver Program executed Waiver Term Sheets of a unit option program consisting of a Unit (shares of stock and warrants)
of its securities and subsequently an option program consisting of shares of stock to a participant. The participant s Plan account
was credited with the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock and Warrants that were acquired. Each warrant affords the participant
the opportunity to purchase one share of our Common Stock at a warrant exercise price of 1.00. The warrant shall have the company notation
of ZNWAM. The warrants will not be registered for trading on the OTCQX or any other stock market or trading market. The
warrants became exercisable on January 15, 2021 and continue to be exercisable through July 15, 2023 at a per share exercise price of
 0.05. 

On February 1, 2021, the Company
initiated a unit offering, and it terminated on March 17, 2021. 

The unit offering consisted
of Units of the Company s securities where each Unit (priced at 250.00 each) was comprised of (i) the number of Common Stock shares
represented by the high-low average on the purchase date and (ii) Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase an additional twenty-five
(25) shares of Common Stock at a per share exercise price of 1.00. The investor s Plan account was credited with the number of
shares of the Company s Common Stock and Warrants acquired under the Units purchased. For Plan participants who enrolled into the
Unit Program with the purchase of at least one Unit or who enrolled in the separate Automatic Monthly Investments AMI program at a minimum of 50.00 per month or more, received an additional ten (10) warrants at an exercise price of 1.00 during this Unit
Option Program. The ten (10) additional warrants were for enrolling into the AMI program. Existing subscribers to the AMI were also entitled
to the additional ten (10) warrants once, provided that they purchased at least one (1) unit during the Unit program. Each warrant affords
the participant the opportunity to purchase one share of our Common Stock at a warrant exercise price of 1.00. The warrant is referred
to as ZNWAN. 

The warrants became exercisable
on May 16, 2021 and continue to be exercisable through May 16, 2023 at a per share exercise price of 1.00. 

On April 12, 2021, the Company
initiated a unit offering and it terminated on May 12, 2021. 

39 

The unit offering consisted
of Units of the Company s securities where each Unit (priced at 250.00 each) was comprised of (i) the number of Common Stock shares
represented by the high-low average on the purchase date and (ii) Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase an additional fifty (50)
shares of Common Stock at a per share exercise price of .25. The investor s Plan account was credited with the number of shares
of the Company s Common Stock and Warrants acquired under the Units purchased. For Plan participants who enrolled into the unit
offering with the purchase of at least one Unit or who enrolled in the separate Automatic Monthly Investments AMI program
at a minimum of 50.00 per month or more, received an additional fifty (50) warrants at an exercise price of .25 during this Unit Option
Program. The fifty (50) additional warrants were for enrolling into the AMI program. Existing subscribers to the AMI were also entitled
to the additional fifty (50) warrants once, provided that they purchased at least one (1) unit during the Unit program. Each warrant affords
the participant the opportunity to purchase one share of our Common Stock at a warrant exercise price of .25. The warrant is referred
to as ZNWAO. 

The warrants became exercisable
on June 12, 2021 and continue to be exercisable through June 12, 2023 at a per share exercise price of .25. 

Under our Plan, the Company
under a Request For Waiver Program executed a Waiver Term Sheet for a unit program consisting of a Unit (shares of stock and warrants)
to a participant. After conclusion of the program on May 28, 2021, the participant s Plan account was credited with the number of
shares of the Company s Common Stock and Warrants that were acquired. Each warrant affords the participant the opportunity to purchase
one share of our Common Stock at a warrant exercise price of .25. The warrant has the company notation of ZNWAP. The warrants
will not be registered for trading on the OTCQX or any other stock market or trading market. The warrants were issued and became exercisable
on June 2, 2021 and continue to be exercisable through June 2, 2022 at a per share exercise price of .25. 

On March 21, 2022, the
Company extended the termination date of the ZNWAP Warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of June 2, 2022 to June 2, 2023. Zion
considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

During the second quarter
of 2022, all warrants represented by ZNWAP and ZNWAR were exercised resulting in a net cash inflow of approximately 365,000. 

Under our Plan, the Company
under a Request For Waiver Program executed a Waiver Term Sheet for a program consisting of Zion securities to a participant. After conclusion
of the program on June 17, 2021, the participant s Plan account was credited with the number of shares of the Company s Common
Stock that were acquired. 

Under our Plan, the Company under a Request For Waiver Program executed
a Waiver Term Sheet of a unit program consisting of units of shares of stock and warrants to a participant. After conclusion of the program
on June 18, 2021, the participant s Plan account was credited with the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock and
Warrants that were acquired. Each warrant affords the participant the opportunity to purchase one share of our Common Stock at a warrant
exercise price of .25. The warrant shall have the company notation of ZNWAQ. The warrants will not be registered for trading
on the OTCQX or any other stock market or trading market. The warrants were issued on May 5, 2022 and are exercisable through July 6,
2023 at a revised per share exercise price of 0.05. 

On May 17, 2022, the Company
extended the termination date of the ZNWAQ Warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of July 6, 2022 to July 6, 2023 and reduced
the exercise price to 0.05. Zion considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned
to this extension. 

Under our Plan, the Company
under a Request For Waiver Program executed a Waiver Term Sheet of a unit program consisting of units of shares of stock and warrants
to a participant. After conclusion of the program on June 18, 2021, the participant s Plan account was credited with the number
of shares of the Company s Common Stock and Warrants that were acquired. Each warrant affords the participant the opportunity to
purchase one share of our Common Stock at a warrant exercise price of .25. The warrant shall have the company notation of ZNWAR. 
The warrants will not be registered for trading on the OTCQX or any other stock market or trading market. The warrants were issued and
became exercisable on June 22, 2021 and continue to be exercisable through June 22, 2022 at a per share exercise price of .25. Additionally,
Zion incurred 115,000 in equity issuance costs to an outside party related to this waiver program. 

40 

On March 21, 2022, the Company
extended the termination date of the ZNWAR Warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of June 22, 2022 to June 22, 2023. Zion considers
this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

During the second quarter
of 2022, all warrants represented by ZNWAP and ZNWAR were exercised resulting in a net cash inflow of approximately 365,000. 

Under our Plan, the
Company under a Request For Waiver Program executed a Waiver Term Sheet to a participant. After conclusion of the program on September
15, 2021, the participant s Plan account was credited with the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock that were acquired. 

Under our Plan, the Company
under a Request For Waiver Program executed a Waiver Term Sheet of a unit program consisting of units of shares of stock and warrants
to a participant. After conclusion of the program on November 15, 2021, the participant s Plan account was credited with the number
of shares of the Company s Common Stock and Warrants that were acquired. Each warrant affords the participant the opportunity to
purchase one share of our Common Stock at a warrant exercise price of 1.00. The warrant shall have the company notation of ZNWAS. 
The warrants will not be registered for trading on the OTCQX or any other stock market or trading market. The warrants will be issued
and become exercisable on November 15, 2025 and continue to be exercisable through December 31, 2025 at a per share exercise price of
 .25. 

On December 9, 2019 Zion filed
an Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-235299) solely for the purpose of re-filing a revised Exhibit
5.1 to the Registration Statement. This Amendment No. 1 does not modify any provision of the prospectus that forms a part of the Registration
Statement and accordingly, such prospectus has not been included herein. 

On December 10, 2021 Zion
filed an Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-235299) for the purpose of converting the existing Form
S-1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3. This Amendment No. 1 does not modify any provision of the prospectus that forms a part
of the Registration Statement and accordingly such prospectus has not been included herein. 

Under our Plan, the Company
under a Request For Waiver Program executed a Waiver Term Sheet of a unit program consisting of units of shares of stock and warrants
to a participant. After conclusion of the program on September 30, 2022, the participant s Plan account was credited with the number
of shares of the Company s Common Stock and Warrants that were acquired. Each warrant affords the participant the opportunity to
purchase one share of our Common Stock at a warrant exercise price of .25. The warrant shall have the company notation of ZNWAT. 
The warrants will not be registered for trading on the OTCQX or any other stock market or trading market. The warrants will be issued
and become exercisable on November 15, 2025 and continue to be exercisable through December 31, 2025 at a per share exercise price of
 .25. 

Under our Plan, the Company
under a Request For Waiver Program executed a Waiver Term Sheet of a unit program consisting of units of shares of stock and warrants
to a participant. After conclusion of the program on December 31, 2022, the participant s Plan account was credited with the number
of shares of the Company s Common Stock and Warrants that were acquired. Each warrant affords the participant the opportunity to
purchase one share of our Common Stock at a warrant exercise price of .25. The warrant shall have the company notation of ZNWAU. 
The warrants will not be registered for trading on the OTCQX or any other stock market or trading market. The warrants will be issued
and become exercisable on November 15, 2025 and continue to be exercisable through December 31, 2025 at a per share exercise price of
 .25. 

41 

Under our Plan, the Company under a Request For Waiver Program executed
a Waiver Term Sheet program consisting of shares of stock to a participant. After conclusion of the program on May 1, 2023, the participant s
Plan account will be credited with the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock that will be acquired. 

On March 13, 2023, Zion filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission an Amendment No. 2 to the Prospectus Supplement dated as of December 15, 2021 and accompanying base prospectus
dated December 1, 2021 relating to the Company s Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan. The Prospectus forms a part
of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-261452), as amended, which was declared effective by
the SEC on December 15, 2021. 

An Amendment No. 2 to the Prospectus Supplement
was filed on March 13, 2023. This Amendment No. 2 to Prospectus Supplement amends the Prospectus Supplement. This Amendment No. 2 to Prospectus
Supplement should be read in conjunction with the Original Prospectus Supplement, the base Prospectus and Amendment No. 1. This Amendment
No. 2 is incorporated by reference into the Original Prospectus Supplement. This Amendment No. 2 is not complete without, and may not
be delivered or utilized except in connection with, the Original Prospectus Supplement, including any amendments or supplements thereto. 

Amendment No. 2 - New Unit Option under the
Unit Program 

Under our Plan, we are providing a Unit Option
under Amendment No. 2. Our Unit Program consists of the combination of Common Stock and warrants with basic Unit Program features, conditions
and terms outlined in the Original Prospectus Supplement and Amendment No. 1. Amendment No. 2 provides the option period, unit price and
the determination of the number of shares of Common Stock and warrants per unit. This Unit Option has up to three tranches of investment,
in which the second and third tranches are each subject to termination upon a total of 7,500,000 received from participants by the Company
during the first or second tranche. The first tranche period began on March 13, 2023 and terminates on March 26, 2023. The second tranche
begins on March 27, 2023 and terminates on April 9, 2023 and the third tranche begins on April 10, 2023 and terminates on April 27, 2023,
subject to early termination upon reaching 7,500,000 of funds received from participants by the Company under this Unit Option. 

Our Unit Program consists of the combination of
Common Stock and warrants with basic Unit Program features, conditions and terms outlined in the Original Prospectus Supplement and Amendment
No. 1. Amendment No. 2 provides the option period, unit price and the determination of the number of shares of Common Stock and warrants
per unit. This Unit Option begins on March 13, 2023 with the first tranche and is scheduled to terminate on March 26, 2023. The second
and third tranches follow upon the dates provided above. The Unit Option consists of Units of our securities where each Unit (priced at
 250.00 each) is comprised of (i) a certain number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing 250.00 (the price of one Unit) by
the average of the high and low sale prices of the Company s publicly traded common stock as reported on the OTCQX on the Unit Purchase
Date and (ii) Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase an additional five hundred (500) shares of Common Stock at a per share exercise
price of 0.05. The participant s Plan account will be credited with the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock and
Warrants that are acquired under the Units purchased. Each warrant affords the participant the opportunity to purchase one share of our
Common Stock at a warrant exercise price of 0.05. The warrant shall have the Company notation of ZNWAV under the first
tranche, ZNWAW under the second tranche and ZNWAX under the third tranche. The warrants will not be registered
for trading on the OTCQX or any other stock market or trading market. 

42 

Plan participants, who enroll into the Unit Program
with the purchase of at least one Unit and enroll in the separate Automatic Monthly Investments AMI program at a minimum
of 50.00 per month, will receive an additional fifty (50) warrants at an exercise price of 0.05 during this Unit Option Program. The
fifty (50) additional warrants are for enrolling into the AMI program and shall have the Company notation of ZNWAY. Existing
subscribers to the AMI are entitled to the additional fifty (50) warrants, if they purchase at least one (1) Unit during the Unit program.
Plan participants, who enroll in the AMI at a minimum of 100 per month, will receive one hundred (100) ZNWAY warrants. Plan participants,
who enroll in the AMI at a minimum of 250 per month, will receive two hundred and fifty (250) ZNWAY warrants. Plan participants, who
enroll in the AMI at a minimum of 500 per month, will receive five hundred (500) ZNWAY warrants. The AMI program requires 90 days of
participation to receive the ZNWAY warrants. Existing AMI participants are entitled to participant in this monthly program by increasing
their monthly amount above the minimum 50.00 per month. 

The ZNWAV warrants will become exercisable on March
31, 2023 and continue to be exercisable through June 28, 2023 at a per share exercise price of 0.05. The ZNWAW warrants will become exercisable
on April 14, 2023 and continue to be exercisable through July 13, 2023 at a per share exercise price of 0.05. The ZNWAX warrants will
become exercisable on May 2, 2023 and continue to be exercisable through July 31, 2023 at a per share exercise price of 0.05. The ZNWAY
warrants will become exercisable on June 12, 2023 and continue to be exercisable through September 10, 2023 at a per share exercise price
of 0.05. 

During 2022, two participants who participated in that aspect of the
DSPP called Request For Waiver contributed approximately 77 of the cash raised through the DSPP. During 2021, two participants
who participated in the Request for Waiver aspect of the DSPP contributed approximately 67 of the cash raised through the
DSPP. 

The company raised approximately
 738,000 from the period January 1, 2023 through March 23, 2023, under the DSPP program. 

For the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, approximately 19,129,000, and 26,219,000 were raised under the DSPP program, respectively. 

The warrants represented by
the company notation ZNWAA are tradeable on the OTCQX market under the symbol ZNOGW. However, all of the other warrants characterized
above, in the table below, and throughout this Form 10-K, are not tradeable and are used internally for classification and accounting
purposes only. 

2018 Subscription Rights Offering 

On April 2, 2018, the Company
announced an offering 2018 Subscription Rights Offering through American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (the
 Subscription Agent ), at no cost to the shareholders, of non-transferable Subscription Rights (each Right and
collectively, the Rights to purchase its securities to persons who owned shares of our Common Stock on April 13, 2018 the
Record Date ). Pursuant to the 2018 Subscription Rights Offering, each holder of shares of common stock on the Record Date received
non-transferable Subscription Rights, with each Right comprised of one share of the Company Common Stock, par value 0.01 per
share (the Common Stock and one Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase an additional one share of Common Stock. Each
Right could be exercised or subscribed at a per Right subscription price of 5.00. Each Warrant affords the investor the opportunity
to purchase one share of the Company Common Stock at a warrant exercise price of 3.00. The warrant is referred to as ZNWAI. 

The warrants became exercisable
on June 29, 2018 and continued to be exercisable through June 29, 2020 at a per share exercise price of 3.00, after the Company, on December
4, 2018, extended the termination date of the Warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of June 29, 2019 to June 29, 2020. 

On May 29, 2019, the Company
extended the termination date of the ZNWAI Warrant by one (1) year from the expiration date of June 29, 2020 to June 29, 2021. 

43 

On September 15, 2020, the
Company extended the termination date of the ZNWAI Warrant by two (2) years from the expiration date of June 29, 2021 to June 29, 2023.
Zion considers this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

Each shareholder received
..10 (one tenth) of a Subscription Right (i.e. one Subscription Right for each 10 shares owned) for each share of the Company s Common
Stock owned on the Record Date. 

The 2018 Subscription Rights
Offering terminated on May 31, 2018. The Company raised net proceeds of approximately 3,038,000, from the subscription of Rights, after
deducting fees and expenses of 243,000 incurred in connection with the rights offering. 

Warrants Table 

The warrant activity and balances
for the year 2021 are shown in the table below : 

Warrants 
 Exercise Price 
 Warrant Termination Date 
 Outstanding 
 Balance, 12/31/2020 
 Warrants Issued 
 Warrants Exercised 
 Warrants Expired 
 Outstanding 
 Balance, 12/31/2021 
 
 ZNWAA 
 2.00 
 01/31/2023 
 1,498,804 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,498,804 
 
 ZNWAD 
 1.00 
 05/02/2023 
 243,853 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 243,853 
 
 ZNWAE 
 1.00 
 05/01/2023 
 2,144,099 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,144,099 
 
 ZNWAF 
 1.00 
 08/14/2023 
 359,435 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 359,435 
 
 ZNWAG 
 1.00 
 01/08/2023 
 240,068 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 240,068 
 
 ZNWAH 
 5.00 
 04/19/2023 
 372,400 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 372,400 
 
 ZNWAI 
 3.00 
 06/29/2023 
 640,730 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 640,730 
 
 ZNWAJ 
 1.00 
 10/29/2023 
 545,900 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 545,900 
 
 ZNWAK 
 0.01 
 02/25/2023 
 437,875 
 - 
 (6,220 
 - 
 431,655 
 
 ZNWAL 
 2.00 
 08/26/2023 
 517,875 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 517,875 
 
 ZNWAM 
 1.00 
 07/15/2022 
 - 
 4,376,000 
 - 
 - 
 4,376,000 
 
 ZNWAN 
 1.00 
 07/15/2022 
 - 
 267,785 
 (125 
 - 
 267,660 
 
 ZNWAO 
 0.25 
 06/12/2023 
 - 
 190,480 
 (15,510 
 - 
 174,970 
 
 ZNWAP 
 0.25 
 06/02/2022 
 - 
 1,639,916 
 (1,200,000 
 - 
 439,916 
 
 ZNWAR 
 0.25 
 06/23/2022 
 - 
 1,020,000 
 - 
 - 
 1,020,000 
 
 Outstanding warrants 

7,001,039 
 7,494,181 
 (1,221,855 
 - 
 13,273,365 

Changes during 2022 to: 

Warrants 
 
 Exercise 
Price 

Warrant 
Termination Date 
 
 Outstanding 
Balance, 12/31/2021 

Warrants 
Issued 

Warrants 
Exercised 

Warrants 
Expired 

Outstanding 
Balance, 12/31/2022 

ZNWAA 

2.00 

01/31/2024 

1,498,804 

- 

- 

- 

1,498,804 

ZNWAD 

1.00 

05/02/2023 

243,853 

- 

- 

- 

243,853 

ZNWAE 

1.00 

05/01/2023 

2,144,099 

- 

- 

- 

2,144,099 

ZNWAF 

1.00 

08/14/2023 

359,435 

- 

- 

- 

359,435 

ZNWAG 

0.25 

01/08/2024 

240,068 

- 

- 

- 

240,068 

ZNWAH 

5.00 

04/19/2023 

372,400 

- 

- 

- 

372,400 

ZNWAI 

3.00 

06/29/2023 

640,710 

- 

- 

640,710 

ZNWAJ 

1.00 

10/29/2023 

545,900 

- 

- 

- 

545,900 

ZNWAK 

0.01 

02/25/2023 

431,675 

- 

(7,450) 

- 

424,225 

ZNWAL 

2.00 

08/26/2023 

517,875 

- 

- 

- 

517,875 

ZNWAM 

0.05 

07/15/2023 

4,376,000 

- 

- 

- 

4,376,000 

ZNWAN 

1.00 

05/16/2023 

267,660 

100 

- 

- 

267,760 

ZNWAO 

0.25 

06/12/2023 

174,970 

- 

(310) 

- 

174,660 

ZNWAQ 

0.05 

07/06/2023 

- 

23,428,348 

- 

- 

23,428,348 

ZNWAP 

0.25 

06/02/2023 

439,916 

- 

(439,916) 

- 

- 

ZNWAR 

0.25 

06/23/2023 

1,020,000 

- 

(1,020,000) 

- 

- 

Outstanding warrants 

13,273,365 

23,428,448 

(1,467,676) 

- 

35,234,137 

44 

Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations 

The following summarizes our
contractual consolidated financial obligations for continuing operations at December 31, 2022, and the effect such obligations are
expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods. 

Payment due by period (in Thousands of USD) 

2023 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Exploration Related Commitments 
 2.712 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2.712 

Operating Leases 
 193 
 16 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 209 

Employment Agreements 
 1,870 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,870 

Total 
 4,775 
 16 
 --- 
 - 
 - 
 4,791 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not currently use any
off-balance sheet arrangements to enhance our liquidity or capital resource position, or for any other purpose. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company does not believe
that the adoption of any recently issued accounting pronouncements in 2022 had a significant impact on our consolidated financial position,
results of operations, or cash flow, except for ASC Update No. 2016-02 Leases, which requires organizations to recognize lease assets
and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for leases classified as operating leases under previous GAAP. ASU 2016-02 requires that a
lessee should recognize a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use
the underlying asset for the lease term on the balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018
(including interim periods within those periods) using a modified retrospective approach and early adoption is permitted. The Company
adopted ASU 2016-02 in the first quarter of 2019. See Note 10 for more complete details on balances at December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

45 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Market risk is a broad term
for the risk of economic loss due to adverse changes in the fair value of a financial instrument. These changes may be the result of various
factors, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and/or equity prices. In the normal course of doing business,
we are exposed to the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates and changes in interest rates. 

Foreign Currency Exchange
Rate Risks . A portion of our expenses, primarily labor expenses and certain supplier contracts, are denominated in New Israeli Shekels NIS ). As a result, we have significant exposure to the risk of fluctuating exchange rates with the U.S. Dollar USD ),
our primary reporting currency. During the period January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the USD has fluctuated by approximately 13.2 
against the NIS (the USD has strengthened relative to the NIS). By contrast, during the period January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021,
the USD has fluctuated by approximately 3.3 against the NIS (the USD has weakened relative to the NIS). Continued strengthening of the
US dollar against the NIS will result in lower operating costs from NIS denominated expenses. To date, we have not hedged any of our currency
exchange rate risks, but we may do so in the future. 

Interest Rate Risk. Our
exposure to market risk relates to our cash and investments. We maintain an investment portfolio of short-term bank deposits and money
market funds. The securities in our investment portfolio are not leveraged, and are, due to their very short-term nature, subject to minimal
interest rate risk. We currently do not hedge interest rate exposure. Because of the short-term maturities of our investments, we do not
believe that a change in market interest rates would have a significant negative impact on the value of our investment portfolio except
for reduced income in a low interest rate environment. At December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term
bank deposits of approximately 3,114,000. The weighted average annual interest rate related to our cash and cash equivalents for the
year ended December 31, 2022, exclusive of funds at US banks that earn no interest, was approximately 0.6 . 

The primary objective of our
investment activities is to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk. To achieve
this objective, we invest our excess cash in short-term bank deposits and money market funds that may invest in high quality debt instruments. 

ITEM 8. 

None. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

46 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

We maintain disclosure controls
and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or furnish to the SEC
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
by the SEC s rules and forms, and that information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We carried out an
evaluation required by the Exchange Act, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and
principal financial and accounting officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 of the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our
principal executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective, as of December 31, 2022, to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the
reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

In designing and evaluating
our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system will be met. In addition, the design
of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and the application of judgment
in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control
systems, there is only reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all future conditions. 

MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL
CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our management, under the
supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting for our company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f)
promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and
principal financial officers and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of our company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our management, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. In making this evaluation, our management used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

Based on this evaluation,
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022, based on those criteria. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in internal
controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

47 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by
this item will incorporate by reference such information as set forth in our definitive Proxy Statement (the 2023 Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days subsequent to
December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this item will incorporate by reference
to the 2023 Proxy Statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days subsequent
to December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this item will incorporate by reference
to the 2023 Proxy Statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days subsequent
to December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this item will incorporate by reference
to the 2023 Proxy Statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days subsequent
to December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES 

The information required by this item will incorporate by reference
to the 2023 Proxy Statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days subsequent
to December 31, 2022. 

48 

PART IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) (1) Consolidated Financial
Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

49 

Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Zion Oil Gas, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2011, Exhibit 3.1 , and to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 11, 2015, Exhibit 3(i).1 .) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Zion Oil Gas, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-261452) as amended, (incorporated by reference as filed with the SEC on December 1, 2021 and amended on December 15, 2021) 

4.2 
 
 Prospectus Supplement dated December 15, 2021, (incorporated by reference as filed with the SEC on December 16, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Original Indenture (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-3 filed with the SEC on December 1, 2021 and amended on December 15, 2021 to the Registrant s Prospectus, Registration No. 333-261452, Exhibit 4.2 filed with the SEC on December 1, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Desc ription
 of Registered Securities (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Executive Employment and Retention Agreements (Management Agreements) 

(i) Employment Agreement dated November 13, 2013 and made effective January 1, 2014 between Zion Oil Gas, Inc. and John Brown (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on March 14, 2017) 

(ii) Employment Agreement dated as of August 15, 2016 between Zion Oil Gas, Inc. and Michael Croswell Jr (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on September 16, 2016) 

(iii) Employment Agreement dated as of May 1, 2019 and made effective May 1, 2019 between Zion Oil Gas, Inc. and Robert Dunn (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 (i) to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2020) 

(iv) First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated June 11, 2020 and made effective June 11, 2020 between Zion Oil Gas, Inc. and Robert Dunn (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 (ii) to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2020) 

(v) Employment Agreement dated July 1, 2019 and made effective July 1, 2019 between Zion Oil Gas, Inc. and William H. Avery (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1) to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2019) 

10.2 
 
 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Annex B to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14 A filed with the SEC on May 9, 2011) and as amended (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-8 filed with the SEC on June 11, 2015) 

50 

Number 
 
 Description 

10.3 
 
 2011 Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan (filed as Annex C to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14 A filed with the SEC on May 9, 2011) and as amended (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-8 filed with the SEC on June 11, 2015) 

10.4 
 
 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-8 filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Office Lease Agreement between Zion Oil Gas, Inc., as tenant, and Hartman Income REIT Property Holdings, LLC, lease commencement date December 1, 2015 and lease expiration date April 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 10, 2015) 

10.6 
 
 Megiddo-Jezreel License 401, as amended, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on December 10, 2013) 

10.7 
 
 Extension Letter to Megiddo-Jezreel License 401, as extended to December 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2020) 

10.8 
 
 New Megiddo License 428, dated December 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2022) 

10.9 
 
 Extension of New Megiddo License 428 to February 1, 2023 (i ncorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 10, 2022 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on December 10, 2007) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

filed herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

We
may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. We have elected not to include such summary
information. 

51 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ZION OIL GAS, INC. 
(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ Robert W.A. Dunn 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael B. Croswell Jr. 

Robert W.A. Dunn 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Michael B. Croswell Jr. 
Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 Date: March 27, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Robert W.A. Dunn 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director, 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Robert W.A. Dunn 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Michael B. Croswell Jr. 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Michael B. Croswell Jr. 
 
 (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ William H. Avery 
 
 President, General Counsel and Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 William H. Avery 

/s/ Martin M. van Brauman 
 
 EVP, Corporate Secretary, Treasurer and
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Martin M. van Brauman 

/s/ John M. Brown 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 John M. Brown 

/s/ Paul Oroian 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Paul Oroian 

/s/ John Seery 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 John Seery 

/s/ Kent Siegel 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Kent Siegel 

/s/ Gene Scammahorn 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Gene Scammahorn 

/s/ Virginia Prodan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Virginia Prodan 

/s/ Frank Starr 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Frank Starr 

/s/ Dr. Amotz Agnon 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Dr. Amotz Agnon 

/s/ Jeffrey Moskowitz 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey Moskowitz 

/s/ Brad Dacus 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Brad Dacus 

/s/ Javier Mazon 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Javier Mazon 

/s/Sarah Caygill 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Sarah Caygill 

52 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. and subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Zion Oil Gas, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements
of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and had an accumulated deficit that raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements, and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Assessment of Oil and Gas Properties- Refer
to Notes 1A, 2D and 4 of the consolidated financial statements. 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

Unproved oil and gas property cost consist of
all costs associated with acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas reserves, including directly related overhead costs
that are capitalized. As of December 31, 2022 the total unproved oil and gas property was 15.90 Million. The amount of unproved oil and
gas properties was after recording an impairment loss of 45,615,000 for the period ended December 2022, the company after analyzing of
the results from third party experts determined that the well will not currently produce hydrocarbons in commercial quantities. The logs
strongly indicate the presence of hydrocarbons, but the company determined that the zone does not have sufficient permeability to be productive.
Accordingly, a temporary plug in was set to the wellbore to preserve its integrity and the opportunity to make future use of it, should
circumstances and technological innovations warrant that. Also, On February 1, 2023, the NML 428 License expired, but the Company applied
for a replacement license prior to such expiration and as of date the license was not granted, however the Company believes it has met
all of the preliminary license requirements, although no assurances can be made, the Company anticipates its license application will
be favorably considered by the Ministry and other necessary regulatory agencies 

We have identified the determination of impairment
on unproved oil and gas asset as a critical audit matter as (i) there was a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity involved
in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the evaluation of whether impairment needs to be charged on the unproved
Oil and Gas Properties due to the significant amount of judgment by management when developing the estimates, (ii) significant audit effort
was necessary to evaluate management s anticipated and significant assumptions, including the progress of drilling activity and
the corresponding fund raising by the company. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was address in
the Audit 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating
audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures including evaluation
of the test report obtained for deciding on further drilling activity, evaluating managements estimates of impairment analysis by testing
the funding raised during the period and the evaluation of the board minutes on the progress of the drilling plan, testing the capitalization
of Oil and Gas properties during the year. Evaluating management s assumptions related to the basis of further drilling involved
evaluating whether the assumptions were reasonable considering (i) the current progress of drilling activity, (ii) the subsequent fund
raising activity, and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. PCAOB ID March 24, 2023 

F- 3 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

US thousands 
 US thousands 
 
 Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Fixed short term bank and escrow deposits restricted 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Other deposits 

Governmental receivables 

Other receivables 

Total current assets 

Unproved oil and gas properties, full cost method (see Note 4) 

Property and equipment at cost 

Drilling rig and related equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and (see note 2M) 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and 

Right of Use Lease Assets (see Note 8) 

Other assets 

Assets held for severance benefits 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Lease obligation current (see Note 8) 

Asset retirement obligation 

Accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Lease obligation non-current (see Note 8) 

Provision for severance pay 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 9) 

Stockholders equity 

Common stock, par value ; Authorized: shares at December 31, 2022: Issued and outstanding: and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the year ended December 2022 
 For the year ended December 2021 

US thousands 
 US thousands 
 
 General and administrative 

Impairment of unproved oil and gas properties 
 
 -

Other 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense), net 

Gain on derivative liability 
 -

Foreign exchange (loss) 

Financial (expenses), net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Net loss per share of common stock - basic and diluted (in US 

Weighted-average shares outstanding basic and diluted (in thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amounts 
 Capital 
 deficit 
 Total 

thousands 
 US thousands 
 US thousands 
 US thousands 
 US thousands 
 
 Balances as of December 31, 2020 

Funds received from sale of DSPP units and shares and exercise of warrants 

-

Costs associated with the issuance of shares 
 - 
 -

Value of bonds converted to shares 

-

Bond interest paid in shares 

-

Bond principal paid in shares 

-

Funds received from option exercises 

-

Value of options granted to employees, directors and others as non-cash compensation 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balances as of December 31, 2021 

Funds received from sale of DSPP units and shares and exercise of warrants 

-

Funds received from option exercises 

-
 
 -

Value of options granted to employees, directors and others as non-cash compensation 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balances as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

US thousands 
 US thousands 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments required to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Cost of options issued to employees, directors and others as non-cash compensation 

Amortization of debt discount related to convertible bonds 
 -

Change in derivative liability 
 -

Impairment of unproved oil and gas properties 
 
 -

Change in assets and liabilities, net: 

Other deposits 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Governmental receivables 

Other receivables 

Lease obligation - current 

Lease obligation non current 

Right of Use Lease Asset 

Severance pay, net 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Acquisition of drilling rig and related equipment 

Investment in unproved oil and gas properties 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Costs paid related to the issuance of new shares 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of stock and exercise of warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Convertible bond principal paid in shares 
 -

Unpaid investments in oil and gas properties 

Cost of options capitalized to oil gas properties 
 
 -

Convertible bond interest paid in shares 
 -

Capitalized convertible bond interest attributed to oil and gas properties 
 -

10 senior convertible bonds converted to shares 
 -

Addition of right of use lease assets and lease obligations 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash,
are comprised as follows: 

December 31, 
2022 

December 31, 
2021 

US 
thousands 

US 
thousands 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash included in fixed short-term bank deposits 

F- 8 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. 

F- 9 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not record any non-cash
impairment charge. 

F- 10 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 - Nature of Operations and Going Concern 
(cont d) 

million and had an accumulated deficit of approximately million. These factors raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

F- 11 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not record any non-cash impairment
charges (see Note 4). 

and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

F- 12 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (cont d) 

to years.
Depreciation charged to expense amounted to , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. See
Footnote 2Q for a discussion of the purchase of our drilling rig and related equipment. 

likely of being
realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company accounts
for interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if and when required, as part of income tax expense in the statements
of operations. No liability for unrecognized tax benefits was recognized as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

F- 13 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (cont d) 

per share Common Stock is presented in conformity with ASC 260-10 Earnings Per Share. 
Diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share as the inclusion of and Common Stock equivalents
in 2022, and 2021 respectively, would be anti-dilutive. 

F- 14 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (cont d) 

F- 15 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (cont d) 

million in cash, subject to acceptance testing
and potential downward adjustment. We remitted to the Seller on February 6, 2020 as earnest money towards the purchase price.
The Closing anticipated by the Agreement took place on March 12, 2020 by the Seller s execution and delivery of a Bill of Sale to
us. On March 13, 2020, the Seller retained the earnest money deposit, and the Company remitted to the seller towards the purchase
price and (the Holdback Amount was deposited in escrow with American Stock Transfer and Trust Company LLC, as
escrow agent, through November 30, 2020, or as extended by mutual agreement of the parties, pending a determination, if any, by us of
any operating deficiency in the drilling rig. On January 6, 2021, Zion completed its acceptance testing of the I-35 drilling rig and the
Holdback Amount was remitted to Central European Drilling on January 8, 2021. 

million, inclusive of approximately allocated in spare parts and allocated in additional separate
assets. The value of the spare parts and separate assets are captured in separate ledger accounts, but reported as one line item with
the drilling rig on the balance sheet. 

years. Zion will depreciate the rig on a straight-line basis. 

in spare parts was the original cost
to CED. These items were received and counted by Zion upon receipt. All records and files are maintained by Zion. Zion plans to obtain
a physical count of the equipment items at the end of each quarter, or as close to such date as practical, in accordance with our normal
procedures. 

. The costs of each certification will be added to the drilling rig account, and our straight-line amortization will be adjusted
accordingly. 

F- 16 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (cont d) 

Asset Additions 
 -

Asset Depreciation 
 
 -

Asset Disposals for Self-Consumption 
 -

-

December 31, 2021 

Asset Additions 
 -

Asset Depreciation 
 
 -

Asset Disposals for Self-Consumption 
 -

-

December 31, 2022 

F- 17 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (cont d) 

F- 18 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (cont d) 

and , respectively, of which all was long-term. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, deposited in funds managed by major Israeli financial institutions which are earmarked to cover severance pay liability. Such deposits are not considered to be plan assets and are therefore included in other assets. 

F- 19 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Capitalized salary costs 

Capitalized interest costs 

Legal and seismic costs, license fees and other preparation costs 

Other costs 

-

Capitalized salary costs 
 -
 
 -

Capitalized interest costs 
 -
 
 -

Legal and seismic costs, license fees and other preparation costs 
 
 -

-

Capitalized salary costs 

Capitalized interest costs 
 -

Legal and seismic costs, license fees and other preparation costs 

Other costs 
 -
 
 -

Impairment of unproved oil and gas properties 
 
 -

, and during the years 2022, and 2021, respectively 

F- 20 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Employees related 

Audit and Legal Costs 

Other 

shares to shares, effective June 9, 2021. 

shares of Common Stock. 

years from the date of grant. 

F- 21 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

shares of Common Stock to six senior officers and three staff members at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through . The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock were granted to one senior officer at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through January 6, 2031. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . These options were granted per the provisions under the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. 

shares of Common Stock to six senior officers and three staff members at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through . The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock were granted to one senior officer at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through May 21, 2031. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . These options were granted per the provisions under the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. 

F- 22 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

shares of common stock. Under the 2011
Directors Plan, only qualified options may be issued, and they will be exercisable for a period of from the date of grant. 

shares of Common Stock to seven board members at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through January 4, 2027. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock were granted to one board member at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through January 4, 2027. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . These options were granted per the provisions under the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. 

shares of Common Stock to six board members and one consultant at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through May 21, 2027. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock were granted to one board member at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through May 21, 2027. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . These options were granted per the provisions under the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. 

F- 23 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

shares of common stock. 

from the
date of grant. 

shares of Common Stock to six senior officers and one staff member at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through January 4, 2032. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock to one senior officer at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through January 4, 2032. These options were granted per the provisions of the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . iii. Options to purchase shares of Common Stock to one senior officer and one staff member at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through January 5, 2032. These options were granted per the provisions of the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock one board member at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through January 5, 2032. These options were granted per the provisions under the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock to five senior officers and four staff members at an exercise price of per share. The options vest on January 5, 2023 (one year from the date of grant) and are exercisable through January 5, 2032. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately , and will be recognized during the years 2022 and 2023. 

shares of Common Stock to seven board members, at an exercise price of per share. The options vest on January 5, 2023 (one year from the date of grant) and are exercisable through January 5, 2032. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately , and will be recognized during the years 2022 and 2023. vii. Options to purchase shares of Common Stock to four staff members, at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through January 17, 2032. These options were granted per the provisions under the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . viii. Options to purchase shares of Common Stock to six staff members at an exercise price of per share. The options vest on January 17, 2023 (one year from the date of grant) and are exercisable through January 17, 2032. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately , and will be recognized during the years 2022 and 2023. 

F- 24 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

shares of Common Stock to two consultants at an exercise price of per share. The options vest on January 17, 2023 (one year from the date of grant) and are exercisable through January 17, 2032. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately , and will be recognized during the years 2022 and 2023. 

shares of Common Stock to one board member, at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through April 1, 2032. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock to five senior officers, two consultants and ten staff members at an exercise price of per share. The options vest on April 15, 2023 (on year from the date of grant) and are exercisable through April 15, 2032. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately , and will be recognized during the years 2022 and 2023. 

shares of Common Stock to one senior officer, one board member and five staff members at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through April 15, 2032. These options were granted per the provisions of the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock to eight board members at an exercise price of per share. The options vest on April 15, 2023 (one year from the date of grant) and are exercisable through April 15, 2023. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . xiv. Options to purchase shares of Common Stock to one board member, at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through August 1, 2032. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock to two senior officers and four staff members at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through August 12, 2032. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . xvi. Options to purchase shares of Common Stock to four staff members and one consultant at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through August 12, 2032. These options were granted per the provisions of the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . xvii. Options to purchase shares of Common Stock to one staff member at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through September 01, 2032. These options were granted per the provisions of the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . xviii. Options to purchase shares of Common Stock to four senior officers and thirteen staff members at an exercise price of per share. The options vest on September 23, 2023 (one year from the date of grant) and are exercisable through September 23, 2032. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately , and will be recognized during the years 2022 and 2023. xix. Options to purchase shares of Common Stock to nine board members at an exercise price of per share. The options vest on September 23, 2023 (one year from the date of grant) and are exercisable through September 23, 2023. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately , and will be recognized during the years 2022 and 2023. xx. Options to purchase shares of Common Stock to one senior officer, one board member and four staff members at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through September 23, 2032. These options were granted per the provisions of the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

F- 25 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

shares of Common Stock to one board member at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through June 15, 2031. 

shares of Common Stock to eleven board members and four senior officers at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through . The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock to seven staff members and one consultant at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through . The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock two board member and six staff members at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through . These options were granted per the provisions under the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock to one staff member at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through . These options were granted per the provisions under the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock to one board member, three senior officers and two employees at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through September 1, 2031. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

F- 26 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

shares
of common stock as of December 31, 2022, for the exercise of warrants and options to employees and non-employees, of which 
are exercisable. These warrants and options could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in future years. The warrants and options
exercise prices and expiration dates are as follows: 

To employees and directors 

To investors 

Total outstanding 

F- 27 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

Changes during 2021 to: 

Granted to employees, officers, directors and others 

Expired/Cancelled/Forfeited 

Exercised 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Changes during 2022 to: 

Granted to employees, officers, directors and others 

Expired/Cancelled/Forfeited 

Exercised 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

, and respectively. 

was approximately . 

was approximately . 

F- 28 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

- 

- 

F- 29 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

Dividend yields 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rates 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected life (in years) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted-average grant date fair value 

Dividend yields 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rates 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected life (in years) 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted-average grant date fair value 

F- 30 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

of
unrecognized compensation cost, related to non-vested stock options granted under the Company s various stock option plans. That
cost is expected to be recognized during 2023. 

F- 31 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

share of Common Stock and Common Stock purchase warrants with each unit priced at . Each warrant afforded the participant
the opportunity to purchase the Company s Common Stock at a warrant exercise price of . Each of the three warrants series had
different expiration dates that had been extended. 

per share at the closing price for 15 consecutive trading days at any time prior to the expiration date
of the warrant, the Company may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the termination of the warrant upon providing 60 days advanced notice
to the warrant holders. 

F- 32 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

. 

per share as the closing price for 15 consecutive trading days at any time prior to the expiration date
of the warrant, the Company has the sole discretion to accelerate the termination date of the warrant upon providing 60 days advanced
notice to the warrant holders. 

F- 33 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

Zion considers
this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

The warrant is referred to as ZNWAK. 

Zion considers
this warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

F- 34 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

F- 35 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 6 Stockholders Equity
 (cont d) 

F- 36 

Zion
Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

F- 37 

Zion considers this
warrant as permanent equity per ASC 815-40-35-2. As such, there is no value assigned to this extension. 

, from the subscription of Rights, after deducting fees and
expenses of incurred in connection with the rights offering. 

F- 38 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

-
 
 -
 
 -

ZNWAD 

-
 
 -
 
 -

ZNWAE 

-
 
 -
 
 -

ZNWAF 

-
 
 -
 
 -

ZNWAG 

-
 
 -
 
 -

ZNWAH 

-
 
 -
 
 -

ZNWAI 

-
 
 -
 
 -

ZNWAJ 

-
 
 -
 
 -

ZNWAK 

-

-

ZNWAL 

-
 
 -
 
 -

ZNWAM 

-

-
 
 -

ZNWAN 

-

-

ZNWAO 

-

-

ZNWAP 

-

-

ZNWAR 

-

-
 
 -

Outstanding warrants 

-

- 

- 

- 

ZNWAD 

- 

- 

- 

ZNWAE 

- 

- 

- 

ZNWAF 

- 

- 

- 

ZNWAG 

- 

- 

- 

ZNWAH 

- 

- 

- 

ZNWAI 

- 

- 

ZNWAJ 

- 

- 

- 

ZNWAK 

- 

() 

- 

ZNWAL 

- 

- 

- 

ZNWAM 

- 

- 

- 

ZNWAN 

- 

- 

ZNWAO 

- 

() 

- 

ZNWAP 

-

() 

- 

-

ZNWAQ 

- 

- 

- 

ZNWAR 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Outstanding
 warrants 

() 

- 

F- 39 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Note 6 - Stockholders Equity (cont d) 

ZNWAD Warrants 

ZNWAE Warrants 

ZNWAF Warrants 

ZNWAG Warrants 

ZNWAH Warrants 

ZNWAI Warrants 

ZNWAJ Warrants 

ZNWAK Warrants 

ZNWAL Warrants 

ZNWAM Warrants 

ZNWAN Warrants 

ZNWAO Warrants 

ZNWAQ Warrants 

ZNWAS Warrants 

ZNWAT Warrants 

ZNWAU Warrants 

ZNWAV Warrants 
 
 J 
 
 March 2023 

0.05 

June 28, 2023 
 
 ZNWAW Warrants 
 
 J 
 
 March April 2023 

0.05 

July 13, 2023 
 
 ZNWAX Warrants 
 
 J 
 
 April 2023 

0.05 

July 31, 2023 

year. B On May 29, 2019, the Company extended the expiration date of the Warrants by one ) year. C On September 15, 2020, the Company extended the expiration date of the Warrants by two ) years. D On March 21, 2022, the Company extended the expiration date of the Warrants by one ) year. E These warrants were issued on May 5, 2022, and on May 17, 2022, the Company extended the expiration date of the Warrants by one ) year. 

year. 

on December 28, 2022. 

F- 40 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Other 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

Other 

() 

() 
 
 Unproved oil and gas properties 

() 

() 
 
 Total gross deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset 

- 

- 

prior to the expiration
of some of the net operating loss carry forwards between 2023 and 2043. Based upon the level of historical taxable losses since the Company s
inception, management believes that the Company will not likely realize the benefits of these deductible differences and tax carry forwards
and thus, full valuation allowances have been recorded at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 41 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 7 - Income Taxes (cont d) 

to reduce future Israeli taxable income. 

() 

U.S. statutory tax rate 

Theoretical tax expense 

() 

() 

Increase in income tax expense resulting from: 

Permanent differences 

- 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

- 

- 

. 

F- 42 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Operating lease liabilities: 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average discount rate 

2024 

2025 
 -

2026 
 -

Thereafter 
 -

Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments 

Less: portion representing imputed interest 

Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments 

and
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Operating lease costs are included within general and administrative
expenses on the statements of income. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and
this amount is included in operating activities in the statements of cash flows. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

F- 43 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 44 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies (cont d) 

based on current cost rather than Net Present Value. The Company expects to incur such costs
during 2023. Liabilities for expenditures are recorded when environmental assessment and/or remediation is probable and the timing and
costs can be reasonably estimated. 

Liabilities Settled 
 -
 
 -

Revision of Estimate 
 -
 
 -

Retirement Obligations, Ending Balance 

royalty or equivalent interest in any Israeli oil and gas interests as may now be held or, in the future be
acquired, by the Company was assigned to each charitable organization interest in the aggregate). At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company did not have any outstanding obligation in respect of the charitable foundations, since to this date, no proved reserves
have been found. 

F- 45 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies (cont d) 

square feet. to April 30, 2021. Rent was abated for the first five (5) month beginning in December 2015 and extending through April 2016. Beginning in May 2016 and extending through April 2017, rent was paid on a monthly basis in the base amount of per month. Beginning in May 2017 and extending through April 2018, rent was paid on a monthly basis in the base amount of per month. Beginning in May 2018 and extending through April 2019, rent was paid on a monthly basis in the base amount of per month. Beginning in May 2019 and extending through April 2020, rent was paid on a monthly basis in the base amount of per month. Beginning in May 2020 and extending through April 2021, rent was paid on a monthly basis in the base amount of per month. The Company was also obligated to pay its pro-rated portion of all taxes, utilities, and insurance during the lease term. 

square feet, for a new total of
approximately square feet. The first amendment commencement date was July 1, 2016 and the payment of monthly rent was revised.
Beginning in July 2016 and extending through November 2016, rent was paid on a monthly basis in the base amount of per month.
Beginning in December 2016 and extending through May 2017, rent was paid monthly in the base amount of per month. Beginning
in June 2017 and extending through May 2018, rent was paid monthly in the base amount of per month. Beginning in June 2018
and extending through May 2019, rent was paid monthly in the base amount of per month. Beginning in June 2019 and extending
through May 2020, rent was paid monthly in the base amount of per month. Beginning in June 2020 and extending through May
2021, rent was paid monthly in the base amount of per month. This lease is treated as an operating lease. 

This lease is treated as an operating lease. 

F- 46 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies (cont d) 

square feet. The lease term was five years from February 1, 2014 to January 31, 2019. Rent was paid on
a monthly basis in the base amount of approximately NIS per month (approximately per month at the exchange rate in effect
on the date of this report and is linked to an increase (but not a decrease) in the CPI. The Company was also obligated to pay all related
taxes, utilities, insurance and maintenance payments during the lease term. Pursuant to the lease, two years from the commencement of
the lease term, the Company may terminate the agreement upon three months notice provided the Company secures a replacement lessee
approved by the lessor at its discretion. 

per month (approximately) at the exchange rate in effect on the date of this report and is linked to an increase (but not a decrease) in the CPI. The
Company has an option to renew the lease for another five years from February 1, 2024 to January 31, 2029, provided it is not in breach
of the agreement, where it is required as well to furnish a notice of intent to exercise the option six months prior to termination
of lease, and it furnishes a bank guarantee and insurance confirmation prior to commencement of the option period. In the event that
the Company does not exercise the option to renew the lease, the Company would pay the lessor an amount of approximately NIS (approximately) at the exchange rate in effect on the date of this report and is linked to an increase (but not a decrease) in the CPI. 

and respectively. 

2024 

2025 
 -

2026 and thereafter 
 -

and others (approximately with respect
to its drilling operation in an aggregate amount of approximately . The (cash) funds backing these guarantees are held in restricted
interest-bearing accounts and are reported on the Company s balance sheets as fixed short-term bank deposits restricted. 

F- 47 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies (cont d) 

F- 48 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 49 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 10 - Risks and Uncertainties (cont d) 

By contrast, during the period January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021, . Continued strengthening of the US
dollar against the NIS will result in lower operating costs from NIS denominated expenses. To date, we have not hedged any of our currency
exchange rate risks, but we may do so in the future. 

. The weighted average annual interest rate related to our cash and cash equivalents for the year ended December
31, 2022, exclusive of funds at US banks that earn no interest, was approximately . 

F- 50 

Zion Oil Gas, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Net (loss) gain per share basic and diluted

Weighted-average shares outstanding basic and diluted (in thousands)

Net (loss) gain per share basic and diluted

Weighted-average shares outstanding basic and diluted (in thousands)

shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. These options were granted per the provisions of the Israeli Appendix to the Plan. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The options vested upon grant and are exercisable through January 4, 2033. The fair value of the options at the date of grant amounted to approximately . 

was collected
through the Company s DSPP program during the period January 1, 2023 through March 23, 2023. This amount excludes cash received
in early January which was shown as a receivable at December 31, 2022. 

F-51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_zionoil.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

I, Robert W. A. Dunn, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Zion Oil 
Gas, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 

/s/ Robert W. A. Dunn 

Robert W. A. Dunn, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_zionoil.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

I, Michael B. Croswell Jr, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Zion Oil 
Gas, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant
and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 

/s/ Michael. B. Croswell Jr 

Michael B. Croswell Jr, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_zionoil.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Zion Oil
and Gas, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Robert W.A. Dunn, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods presented
in the Report. 

/s/ Robert W. A. Dunn 

Robert W. A. Dunn 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

March 27, 2023 

This certification accompanies this Report on
Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such
certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_zionoil.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Zion Oil
and Gas, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Michael B. Croswell Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods presented
in the Report. 

/s/ Michael B. Croswell Jr 

Michael B. Croswell Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

March 27, 2023 

This certification accompanies this Report on
Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such
certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 zn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 zn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 zn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 zn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 zn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

