<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230206_10-K_edgar_data_1498710_0001498710-23-000080.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14654615</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1036217</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2520997</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4665992</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3390536</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2785862</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001498710-23-000080.hdr.sgml : 20230206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230206163429
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001498710-23-000080
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Spirit Airlines, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001498710
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED [4512]
		IRS NUMBER:				381747023
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35186
		FILM NUMBER:		23591151

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2800 EXECUTIVE WAY
		CITY:			MIRAMAR
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-447-7920

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2800 EXECUTIVE WAY
		CITY:			MIRAMAR
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33025

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001498710-23-000080.txt : 20230206

10-K
 1
 save-20221231.htm
 10-K

save-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion computed by reference to the last sale price of the common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, the last trading day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Shares held by each executive officer, director and by certain persons that own 10 percent or more of the outstanding Common Stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 The number of shares of each registrant's classes of common stock outstanding as of the close of business on February 1, 2023: 
 Class Number of Shares Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I Page Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 
 Item 2. Properties 
 44 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 46 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 48 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 49 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 68 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 69 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 108 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 108 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 108 
 Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 108 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 109 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 109 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 109 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 109 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 109 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 110 
 Signatures 
 122 

__________________________________________________ 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Spirit Airlines, Inc. ("Spirit Airlines"), headquartered in Miramar, Florida, offers affordable travel to value-conscious customers. Our all-Airbus fleet is one of the youngest and most fuel efficient in the United States. During 2022, we served 92 destinations in 16 countries throughout the United States, Latin America and the Caribbean. Our stock trades under the symbol "SAVE" on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"). 
 
 Our ultra low-cost carrier, or ULCC, business model allows us to compete principally by offering customers unbundled base fares that remove components traditionally included in the price of an airline ticket. By offering customers unbundled base fares, we give customers the power to save by paying only for the La Smarte options they choose, such as checked and carry-on bags, advance seat assignments, priority boarding and refreshments. We record revenue related to these options as non-fare passenger revenue, which is recorded within passenger revenues in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Our History 
 We were founded in 1964 as Clippert Trucking Company, a Michigan corporation. We began air charter operations in 1990 and renamed ourselves Spirit Airlines, Inc. in 1992. In 1994, we reincorporated in Delaware, and in 1999 we relocated our headquarters to Miramar, Florida. 
 Our Corporate Information 
 Our mailing address and executive offices are located at 2800 Executive Way, Miramar, Florida 33025, and our telephone number at that address is (954) 447-7920. We are subject to the information and periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act, and, in accordance therewith, file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission or SEC. Such periodic reports, proxy statements and other information are available on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. We also post on the Investor Relations page of our website, www.spirit.com , a link to our filings with the SEC, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all directors and all our employees, and the charters of our Audit, Compensation, Finance, Safety, Security and Operations and Nominating and Corporate Governance committees. Our filings with the SEC are posted as soon as reasonably practical after they are filed electronically with the SEC. Please note that information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or considered to be a part of, this report. 
 Changes to Our Corporate Structure 
 In August 2020, Spirit Airlines formed several new subsidiaries; Spirit Finance Cayman 1 Ltd. HoldCo 1 ), Spirit Finance Cayman 2 Ltd. HoldCo 2), Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. Spirit IP and Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd. Spirit Loyalty ). Each are Cayman Islands exempted companies incorporated with limited liability. Spirit IP and Spirit Loyalty are wholly-owned subsidiaries of HoldCo 2 (other than the special share issued to the special shareholder, who granted a proxy to vote such share to the collateral agent for the 8.00 senior secured notes (as defined herein)). HoldCo 1 and HoldCo 2 are special purpose holding companies. HoldCo 2 is a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of HoldCo 1 (other than the special share issued to the special shareholder, who granted a proxy to vote such share to the collateral agent for the 8.00 senior secured notes). HoldCo 1 is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Spirit Airlines (other than the special share issued to the special shareholder, who granted a proxy to vote such share to the collateral agent for the 8.00 senior secured notes). 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Termination of Frontier Merger 
 
 On July 27, 2022, Spirit, Frontier Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation Frontier ), and Top Gun Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Frontier Frontier Merger Sub ), entered into a Termination Agreement (the Termination Agreement ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to terminate the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 5, 2022 (as amended on June 2, 2022 and June 24, 2022, the Frontier Merger Agreement ), among Spirit, Frontier and Frontier Merger Sub, effective immediately. Under the terms of the Termination Agreement, Spirit paid 25.0 million in cash to Frontier for Frontier s reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (the Frontier Expenses ). 

4 

Announcement of JetBlue Merger 
 
 On July 28, 2022, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with JetBlue Airways Corporation, a Delaware corporation JetBlue ), and Sundown Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of JetBlue Merger Sub ), pursuant to which and subject to the terms and conditions therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Spirit, with Spirit continuing as the surviving entity (the Merger ). As a result of the Merger, each existing share of Spirit's common stock (except for dissenting shares, treasury stock, and shares of Spirit's common stock owned by JetBlue, Merger Sub or any of their respective wholly owned subsidiaries), will be converted into the right to receive an amount in cash per share, without interest, equal to (such amount, the Merger Consideration (i) 33.50 minus (ii) (A) 2.50 (the Approval Prepayment Amount ), to the extent paid (the Approval Prepayment upon the adoption by Spirit stockholders of the Merger Agreement (or, in the event that the closing of the Merger (the Closing occurs after the record date for the prepayment of, but before the payment date of, such Approval Prepayment Amount, to the extent payable after the Closing), and (B) an additional per share prepayment amount calculated as the product of 0.10 and the number of additional prepayments paid (or, in the event the Closing occurs after the record date of, but before the payment date of any such additional prepayment, to the extent payable after the Closing), not to exceed 1.15 per share of Spirit common stock, by JetBlue to Spirit stockholders in accordance with the Merger Agreement after December 31, 2022 (each such payment is referred to as an Additional Prepayment and such 0.10 amount is referred to as the Additional Prepayment Amount ). If an aggregate of 1.15 of Additional Prepayment Amounts has been paid out before consummation or termination of the Merger, Spirit stockholders will thereafter continue to receive monthly Additional Prepayments, at the same 0.10 per month rate, not to exceed 0.65 in the aggregate. The total potential cash receivable by Spirit stockholders, including the Approval Prepayment Amount and such aggregate Additional Prepayment Amounts, can therefore equal up to 34.15 per share, assuming the transaction closes on or after July 24, 2024. 
 
 JetBlue will pay or cause to be paid the Approval Prepayment Amount to Spirit stockholders as of the record date established by Spirit for the special meeting to approve the Merger Agreement within five business days following such Spirit stockholder approval. Thereafter, on or prior to the last business day of each month beginning after December 31, 2022 until the earlier of the Closing or termination of the Merger Agreement, JetBlue will also pay or cause to be paid the Additional Prepayment Amount to Spirit stockholders as of a record date not more than five business days prior to the last business day of such month. We expect payments made from JetBlue to Spirit stockholders will not impact our results of operations or cash flows. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, JetBlue reimbursed Spirit for the 25.0 million Frontier Expenses discussed above. 
 
 On October 19, 2022, Spirit s stockholders approved the Merger Agreement at a special meeting of stockholders. The record date for both Spirit's special meeting and the Approval Prepayment is September 12, 2022. Therefore, all Spirit stockholders of record as of September 12, 2022 are entitled to receive the Approval Prepayment in accordance with the Merger Agreement. On October 26, 2022, JetBlue paid the Spirit stockholders the Approval Prepayment Amount of 2.50 per share. Additionally, on January 31, 2023, JetBlue paid the first Additional Prepayment of 0.10 per share to all Spirit stockholders of record as of January 25, 2023. 
 
 Completion of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions, including, among other things: (1) approval of the transactions by Spirit s stockholders, which was received on October 19, 2022; (2) receipt of applicable regulatory approvals, including approvals from the U.S. Federal Communications Commission, the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration and the U.S. Department of Transportation and the expiration or early termination of the statutory waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and other competition laws, and other required regulatory approvals; (3) the absence of any law or order prohibiting the consummation of the transactions; and (4) the absence of any material adverse effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) on Spirit. 
 
 Spirit, JetBlue and Merger Sub each make certain customary representations, warranties and covenants, as applicable, in the Merger Agreement. 
 
 In addition, Spirit has agreed, among other things, that neither it nor any of its directors, officers, employees and representatives will (1) solicit alternative transactions, (2) participate in any discussions or negotiations relating to alternative transactions, (3) furnish any non-public information in connection with alternative transactions or (4) enter into any agreement relating to alternative transactions, except under limited circumstances described in the Merger Agreement. However, in certain circumstances, Spirit may terminate the Merger Agreement to enter into a definitive agreement for a Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement). 
 
 The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for Spirit and JetBlue, including, without limitation, a right for either party to terminate if the Merger is not consummated on or before July 28, 2023, subject to certain extensions up to 
 5 

July 24, 2024 if needed to obtain regulatory approvals. Upon the termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, Spirit will be required to pay JetBlue a termination fee of 94.2 million. Upon the termination of the Merger Agreement by JetBlue because of a material, uncured breach by Spirit of the Merger Agreement, Spirit will be required to pay JetBlue an amount equal to the sum of all amounts paid by JetBlue to the Spirit stockholders. Upon the termination of the Merger Agreement for failure to obtain antitrust regulatory clearance, JetBlue will be required to pay (i) to Spirit, 70.0 million, and (ii) to the Spirit stockholders, the excess of (A) 400.0 million minus (B) the sum of the Approval Prepayment Amount and all Additional Prepayment Amounts previously paid by JetBlue to the Spirit stockholders. 
 Retirement of A319 Aircraft 
 We operate a single-fleet type of Airbus A320-family aircraft that is one of the youngest in the United States. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we made the decision to accelerate the retirement of 29 of our A319 aircraft. These A319 aircraft had an average age of 16.3 years as of December 31, 2022. Excluding the A319 aircraft to be sold, the average age of our fleet would have been 5.2 years as of December 31, 2022. In addition, we are scheduled to take delivery of 144 new Airbus A320-family aircraft through 2027, potentially making ours the youngest fleet in the United States. Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for additional information. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully in Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. These risk factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 The impact on our business of the Merger and our ability to complete the Merger in a timely manner; 
 The impact of the new 5G C-band service deployed by AT T and Verizon and its potential effect on the technology we rely on to operate our aircraft; 
 The competitiveness of our industry; 
 Volatility in fuel costs or significant disruptions in the supply of fuel; 
 Adverse domestic or global economic conditions on our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our ability to obtain financing or access capital markets; 
 Factors beyond our control, including air traffic congestion at airports, air traffic control inefficiencies, major construction or improvements at airports, adverse weather conditions, increased security measures, new travel related taxes or the outbreak of disease; 
 Increased labor costs, union disputes, employee strikes and other labor-related disruption; 
 Our maintenance costs, which will increase as our fleet ages; 
 The extensive regulation by the FAA, DOT, TSA and other U.S. and foreign governmental agencies to which we are subject; 
 Our reliance on technology and automated systems to operate our business; 
 Our reliance on third-party service providers to perform functions integral to our operations, including for ground handling, fuel, catering, passenger handling, maintenance, reservations and other services; 
 Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers for our aircraft and engines; 
 Reduction in demand for air transportation, or governmental reduction or limitation of operating capacity, in the domestic U.S., Caribbean or Latin American markets; 
 The success of the Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club and 
 Our significant amount of aircraft-related fixed obligations and additional debt that we have incurred, and may incur in the future. 
 Our Business Model 
 
 Our ULCC business model provides guests low, unbundled base fares with a range of optional services, allowing guests the freedom to choose only the options they value. The success of our model is driven by our low-cost structure, which has historically permitted us to offer low base fares while maintaining high profit margins. During 2020, 2021 and 2022, the direct 
 6 

effects and residual impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our airline, including initial reduced travel demand and COVID-19 related restrictions, as well as prolonged impacts on supply chain, labor, and inflation, have resulted in net losses for each of those periods. 
 We are focused on value-conscious travelers who pay for their own travel, and our business model is designed to deliver what our guests want: low fares and a great experience. We use low fares to address underserved markets, which helps us to increase passenger volume and load factors on the flights we operate. We also have high-density seating configurations on our aircraft and a simplified onboard product designed to lower costs. High passenger volumes and load factors help us sell more ancillary products and services, which in turn allows us to reduce the base fare we offer even further. We strive to be recognized by our guests and potential guests as the low-fare leader in the markets we serve. 
 We compete based on total price. We believe that we and our guests benefit when we allow our guests to know the total price of their travel by breaking out the cost of optional products or services. We allow our guests to see all available options and their respective prices prior to purchasing a ticket, and this full transparency illustrates that our total price, including options selected, is lower on average than other airlines. 
 Through branded campaigns, we educate the public on how our unbundled pricing model works and show them how it provides a choice on how they spend their money and saves them money compared to other airlines. We show our commitment to delivering the best value in the sky by continuing to make improvements to the customer experience, including a freshly updated cabin interior with ergonomically-designed seats and self bag-tagging in most airports to reduce check-in processing time. 
 Our Strengths 
 We believe we compete successfully in the airline industry by leveraging the following demonstrated business strengths: 
 Ultra Low-Cost Structure . Our unit operating costs are among the lowest of all airlines operating in the United States. We believe this unit cost advantage helps protect our market position and enables us to offer some of the lowest base fares in our markets and support continued growth. Our operating costs per available seat mile ("CASM") of 11.67 cents in 2022 was significantly lower than those of the major domestic network carriers and among the lowest of the domestic low-cost carriers. We achieve these low unit operating costs in large part due to: 
 high aircraft utilization; 
 high-density seating configurations on our aircraft along with a simplified onboard product designed to lower costs; 
 minimal hub-and-spoke network inefficiencies; 
 highly productive workforce; 
 opportunistic outsourcing of operating functions; 
 operating a single-fleet type of Airbus A320-family aircraft that is one of the youngest and most fuel efficient in the United States and operated by common flight crews; 
 reduced sales, marketing and distribution costs through direct-to-consumer marketing; 
 efficient flight scheduling, including minimal ground times between flights; and 
 a company-wide business culture that is keenly focused on driving costs lower. 
 Innovative Revenue Generation . We execute our innovative, unbundled pricing strategy to generate significant non-ticket revenue, which enables our passengers to identify, select and pay for only the products and services they want to use. In implementing our unbundled strategy, we have grown non-ticket revenue per passenger flight segment from approximately 5 in 2006 to 68 in 2022 generally by: 
 charging for checked and carry-on baggage; 
 passing through most distribution-related expenses; 
 charging for premium seats and advance seat selection; 
 applying dynamic pricing for ancillary products and services; 
 maintaining consistent ticketing policies, including service charges for changes and cancellations; 
 generating subscription revenue from our Spirit Saver Club 
 deriving brand-based revenues from proprietary services, such as our FREE SPIRIT affinity credit card program; 
 7 

offering a combination of our most popular La Smarte items at a discount, such as boost-it and bundle-it combos; 
 offering third-party travel products (travel packages), such as hotel rooms, ground transportation (rental and hotel shuttle products) and attractions (show or theme park tickets) packaged with air travel on our website; and 
 selling third-party travel insurance through our website. 
 Resilient Business Model and Customer Base . By focusing on price-sensitive travelers, we have historically maintained profitability or been impacted to a lesser degree than most of our competitors during volatile economic periods because we are not highly dependent on premium-fare business traffic. Our low fares and unbundled service offering appeal to price-sensitive travelers. 
 Well Positioned for Growth . We have developed a substantial network of destinations in U.S. domestic markets, targeted growth markets in the Caribbean and Latin America and high-volume routes flown by price-sensitive travelers. In the United States, we also have grown into large markets that, due to higher fares, have priced out those more price-sensitive travelers. We seek to balance growth between large domestic markets, large leisure destinations and opportunities in the Caribbean and Latin America according to current economic and industry conditions. 
 Experienced International Operator. We believe we have substantial experience in foreign aviation, security and customs regulations, local ground operations and flight crew training required for successful international and overwater flight operations. All of our aircraft are certified for overwater operations. We believe we compete favorably against other low-cost carriers because we have been conducting international flight operations since 2003 and have developed substantial experience in complying with the various regulations and business practices in the international markets we serve. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, no revenue from any one foreign country represented greater than 4 of our total passenger revenue. We attribute operating revenues by geographic region based upon the origin and destination of each passenger flight segment. 
 Financial Strength Achieved with Focus on Cost Discipline . We believe our ULCC business model has delivered strong financial results in both favorable and more difficult economic times. We have generated these results by: 
 keeping a consistent focus on maintaining low unit operating costs; 
 ensuring our sourcing arrangements with key third parties are regularly benchmarked against the best industry standards; and 
 generating and maintaining an adequate level of liquidity to insulate against volatility in key cost inputs, such as fuel and in passenger demand that may occur as a result of changing general economic conditions. 
 Loyalty Programs 
 We operate the Spirit Saver Club , which is a subscription-based loyalty program that allows members access to unpublished, extra-low fares as well as discounted prices on bags and seats, shortcut boarding and security, "Flight Flex" flight modification product, and exclusive offers on hotels, rental cars and other travel necessities. We also operate the Free Spirit loyalty program (the Free Spirit Program ), which attracts members and partners and builds customer loyalty for us by offering a variety of awards, benefits and services. Free Spirit Program members earn and accrue points for dollars spent on our flights and services from non-air partners such as retail merchants, hotels or car rental companies or by making purchases with credit cards issued by partner banks and financial services providers. Points earned and accrued by Free Spirit Program members can be redeemed for travel awards such as free (other than taxes and government-imposed fees), discounted or upgraded travel. 
 Route Network 
 During 2022, our route network included over 385 markets served by 92 airports throughout the United States, Latin America and the Caribbean. For more details on the destinations to which we fly, refer to our route map on our website, www.spirit.com/en/route-map . 
 Our network expansion targets underserved and/or overpriced markets. We employ a rigorous process to identify opportunities to deploy new aircraft where we believe they will be most profitable. To monitor the profitability of each route, we analyze weekly and monthly profitability reports as well as near-term forecasting. 
 Competition 
 The airline industry is highly competitive. The principal competitive factors in the airline industry are fare pricing, total price, flight schedules, aircraft type, passenger amenities, number of routes served from a city, customer service, safety record 
 8 

and reputation, code-sharing relationships and frequent flyer programs and redemption opportunities. We typically compete in markets served by traditional network airlines, and other low-cost carriers and ULCCs, and, to a lesser extent, regional airlines. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our top three largest network overlaps, as measured by overlapping available seat miles in metro markets, are with Southwest Airlines, American Airlines and Frontier Airlines. Our principal competitive advantage is our relative cost advantage which allows us to offer low base fares profitably. In 2022, our unit operating costs were among the lowest in the U.S. airline industry. We believe our low unit costs coupled with our relatively stable non-ticket revenues allow us to price our fares at levels where we can be profitable while our primary competitors cannot. 
 The airline industry is particularly susceptible to price discounting because, once a flight is scheduled, airlines incur only nominal incremental costs to provide service to passengers occupying otherwise unsold seats. The expenses of a scheduled aircraft flight do not vary significantly with the number of passengers carried and, as a result, a relatively small change in the number of passengers or in pricing could have a disproportionate effect on an airline s operating and financial results. Price competition occurs on a market-by-market basis through price discounts, changes in pricing structures, fare matching, target promotions and frequent flyer initiatives. Airlines typically use discount fares and other promotions to stimulate traffic during normally slower travel periods to generate cash flow and to maximize TRASM. The prevalence of discount fares can be particularly acute when a competitor has excess capacity that it is unable to fill at higher rates. A key element to our competitive strategy is to maintain very low unit costs in order to permit us to compete successfully in price-sensitive markets. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our business is subject to significant seasonal fluctuations. We generally expect demand to be greater in the second and third quarters each year due to more vacation travel during these periods, as compared to the rest of the year. The air transportation business is also volatile and highly affected by economic cycles and trends. 
 Distribution 
 
 The majority of our tickets are sold through direct channels, including online via www.spirit.com , our call center and our airport ticket counters, with www.spirit.com being the primary channel. We also partner with a number of third parties to distribute our tickets, including online and traditional travel agents and electronic global distribution systems. 
 Customers 
 
 We believe our customers are primarily leisure travelers who are paying for their own ticket and who make their purchase decision based largely on price. By maintaining a low-cost structure, we have historically been able to successfully sell tickets at low fares while maintaining a strong profit margin. During 2020, 2021 and 2022, the direct effects and residual impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our airline, including initial reduced travel demand and COVID-19 related restrictions, as well as prolonged impacts on supply chain, labor, and inflation, have resulted in net losses in each of those periods. 
 Customer Service 
 We are committed to taking care of our customers. We believe focusing on customer service in every aspect of our operations, including personnel, flight equipment, in-flight and ancillary amenities, on-time performance, flight completion ratios, and baggage handling will strengthen customer loyalty and attract new customers. We proactively aim to improve our operations to ensure further improvement in customer service. 
 Our online booking process allows our customers to see all available options and their prices prior to purchasing a ticket. We maintain a campaign that illustrates our total prices are lower, on average, than those of our competitors, even when options are included. 
 Fleet 
 We fly only Airbus A320 family aircraft, which provides us significant operational and cost advantages compared to airlines that operate multiple aircraft types. By operating a single aircraft type, we avoid the incremental costs of training crews across multiple types. Flight crews are entirely interchangeable across all of our aircraft, and maintenance, spare parts inventories and other operational support remains highly simplified compared to those airlines with more complex fleets. Due to this commonality among Airbus single-aisle aircraft, we can retain the benefits of a fleet comprised of a single type of aircraft while still having the flexibility to match the capacity and range of the aircraft to the demands of each route. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a fleet of 194 Airbus single-aisle aircraft, which are commonly referred to as A320 family aircraft. A320 family aircraft include the A319, A320 and A321 models, which have broadly common design and 
 9 

equipment but differ most notably in fuselage length, service range and seat capacity. Within the A320 family of aircraft, models using existing engine technology may carry the suffix ceo, denoting the current engine option, while models equipped with new-generation engines may carry the suffix neo, denoting the new engine option. As of December 31, 2022, our fleet consisted of 31 A319ceos, 64 A320ceos, 69 A320neos and 30 A321ceos, and the average age of the fleet was 7.0 years. As of December 31, 2022, we had 106 aircraft, of which 46 aircraft are financed through fixed-rate long-term debt with 7 to 18 year terms, 27 aircraft are financed through enhanced equipment trust certificates ("EETCs") and 33 were purchased off lease. Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 12. Debt and Other Obligations for information regarding our debt financing. As of December 31, 2022, we had 88 aircraft financed under operating leases with lease term expirations between 2024 and 2040. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had 6 spare engines financed under operating leases and owned 24 spare engines. 
 On December 20, 2019, we entered into an A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement with Airbus S.A.S. ("Airbus") for the purchase of 100 new Airbus A320neo family aircraft, with options to purchase up to 50 additional aircraft. This agreement includes a mix of Airbus A319neo, A320neo and A321neo aircraft with such aircraft scheduled for delivery through 2027. As of December 31, 2022, our firm aircraft orders consisted of 109 A320 family aircraft with Airbus, including A319neos, A320neos and A321neos, with deliveries expected through 2027. As of December 31, 2022, we had secured financing for 11 aircraft, scheduled for delivery from Airbus through 2024 which will be financed through sale leaseback transactions. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had 35 direct operating leases for A320neos and A321neos with third-party lessors, with deliveries expected through 2024. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, we entered into an Engine Purchase Support Agreement which requires us to purchase a certain number of spare engines in order to maintain a contractual ratio of spare engines to aircraft in the fleet. As of December 31, 2022, we are committed to purchase 19 PW1100G-JM spare engines, with deliveries through 2027. The firm aircraft orders provide for capacity growth as well as the flexibility to add to, or replace, the aircraft in our present fleet. We may elect to supplement these deliveries by additional acquisitions from the manufacturer or in the open market if demand conditions merit. We also may adjust or defer deliveries, or change models of aircraft in our delivery stream, from time to time, as a means to match our future capacity with anticipated demand and growth trends. 
 Consistent with our ULCC business model, each of our aircraft is configured with a high density seating configuration, which helps us maintain a lower unit cost. Our high density seating configuration accommodates more passengers than those of our competitors when comparing the same type of aircraft. 
 Maintenance and Repairs 
 We maintain our aircraft in accordance with an FAA-approved maintenance program built from the manufacturers recommended maintenance schedule and maintained by our Technical Services department. Our maintenance technicians undergo extensive initial and recurrent training to ensure the safe operation of our aircraft. For the fifth year in a row, Spirit has achieved the FAA s highest award for Technical Training, the Diamond Award of Excellence. This award is only achieved if 100 of technicians receive the FAA s Aircraft Maintenance Technician AMT Certificate of Training. 
 
 Aircraft maintenance and repair consists of routine and non-routine maintenance, and work performed is divided into three general categories: line maintenance, heavy maintenance and component service. Line maintenance consists of routine daily and weekly scheduled maintenance checks on our aircraft, including pre-flight, daily, weekly and overnight checks, and any diagnostics and routine repairs and any unscheduled items on an as needed basis. Additionally, maintenance program tasks that may take up to two years to fully complete are performed periodically in line maintenance at scheduled day visits or segmented into overnight work packages. Line maintenance events are currently serviced by in-house mechanics supplemented by contract labor and are primarily completed at airports we currently serve. Heavy airframe maintenance checks consist of a series of more complex tasks that generally can take from one to four weeks to accomplish and typically are required approximately every 36 months. Heavy engine maintenance is generally performed every six years and includes a more complex scope of work. Due to our relatively small fleet size and projected fleet growth, we believe outsourcing all of our heavy maintenance activity, such as engine servicing, heavy airframe maintenance checks, major part repair and component service repairs is more economical. Outsourcing eliminates the substantial initial capital requirements inherent in heavy aircraft maintenance. We have entered into a long-term flight hour agreement for the majority of our current fleet with International Aero Engines AG ("IAE") and Pratt Whitney for our engine overhaul services and with various maintenance providers on an hour-by-hour basis for component services. We outsource our heavy airframe maintenance to FAA-qualified maintenance providers. 
 
 Our recent maintenance expenses have been lower than what we expect to incur in the future because of the relatively young age of our aircraft fleet. Our maintenance costs are expected to increase as the scope of repairs increases with the 
 10 

increasing age of our fleet. As our aircraft age, scheduled scope of work and frequency of unscheduled maintenance events is likely to increase like any maturing fleet. Our aircraft utilization rate could decrease with the increase in aircraft maintenance. 
 
 We own and operate a 126,000-square-foot maintenance hangar facility, adjacent to the airfield at the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport (DTW). In addition, we lease and operate a 63,700-square-foot maintenance hangar facility and 35,900-square-foot maintenance warehouse, adjacent to the airfield at the Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH). These hangars and warehouse allow us to reduce our dependence on third-party facilities and contract line maintenance. Please see Properties Ground Facilities. 
 Employees 
 Our business is labor intensive, with labor costs representing approximately 22.1 , 32.4 and 39.3 of our total operating costs for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had 3,184 pilots, 5,728 flight attendants, 89 dispatchers, 325 ramp service agents, 292 passenger service agents and 2,407 non-unionized personnel, including maintenance personnel (a union contract with the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association ("AMFA") is currently under negotiation), airport agents/other and employees in administrative roles, for a total of 12,025 active employees compared to 9,823 active employees as of December 31, 2021. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, there were 2,616 employee terminations, including both voluntary and involuntary terminations, for an overall employee turnover rate of 26.6 . As of December 31, 2022, approximately 81 of our employees were represented by five labor unions. On an average full-time equivalent basis, for the full year 2022, we had 11,107 employees, compared to 9,218 in 2021. 
 
 FAA regulations require pilots to have commercial licenses with specific ratings for the aircraft to be flown and be medically certified as physically fit to fly. FAA and medical certifications are subject to periodic renewal requirements, including recurrent training and recent flying experience. Flight attendants must have initial and periodic competency training and qualification. For the year ended December 31, 2022, paid training hours for our pilots and flight attendants were 178,745 and 57,215 hours, representing 12.6 and 2.0 of total crew block hours, respectively. Mechanics, quality-control inspectors and dispatchers must be certificated and qualified for specific aircraft. Training programs are subject to approval and monitoring by the FAA. Management personnel directly involved in the supervision of flight operations, training, maintenance and aircraft inspection must also meet experience standards prescribed by FAA regulations. All safety-sensitive employees are subject to pre-employment, random and post-accident drug testing. 
 
 Consistent with our core values, we focus on hiring highly productive and qualified employees and ensure they have comprehensive training. Our training programs focus on and emphasize the importance of safety, customer service, productivity, and cost control. We provide continuous training for our crew members including technical training as well as regular training focused on safety and front-line training for our customer service teams. Our training programs include classroom learning, extensive real-world flying experience, and instruction in full flight simulators, as appropriate. 
 
 Our Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging ("DEI B") journey began in 2020 with us listening, learning, and building awareness. Within two years, Spirit has implemented a DEI B governance structure and commitment, including six Team Member-run employee resource groups to ensure all Team Members have a voice in paving our path; a Supplier Diversity program around a network of minority-owned business partners and diverse suppliers; and an activation plan to ensure purposeful change, which includes a focus on leadership representation, career and skill growth, and inclusion. 
 
 We believe a direct relationship between Team Members and our leadership is in the best interests of our crew members, our customers, and our shareholders. Our leadership team communicates on a regular basis with all Team Members, including crew members, in order to maintain a direct relationship and to keep them informed about news, strategy updates, and challenges affecting the airline and the industry. Effective and frequent communication throughout the organization is fostered through various means including email messages from our CEO and other senior leaders, open forum meetings across our network, periodic leadership visits to our stations, and annual Team Member engagement surveys. We also seek to build human rights awareness among our Team Members and Guests and we have recently implemented a Human Rights Policy. 
 
 The Railway Labor Act, or RLA, governs our relations with labor organizations. Under the RLA, our collective bargaining agreements (CBAs) do not expire, but instead become amendable as of a stated date, subject to standard early opener provisions. If either party wishes to modify the terms of any such agreement, they must notify the other party in the manner agreed to by the parties. Under the RLA, after receipt of such notice, the parties must meet for direct negotiations. If no agreement is reached, either party may request the National Mediation Board, or NMB, appoint a federal mediator. The RLA prescribes no set timetable for the direct negotiation and mediation process. It is not unusual for those processes to last for many months, and even several years. If no agreement is reached in mediation, the NMB in its discretion may declare at some time that an impasse exists. If an impasse is declared, the NMB proffers binding arbitration to the parties. Either party may decline to 
 11 

submit to arbitration. If arbitration is rejected by either party, a 30-day cooling off period commences. During that period (or after), a Presidential Emergency Board, or PEB, may be established, which examines the parties positions and recommends a solution. The PEB process lasts for 30 days and is followed by another cooling off period of 30 days. At the end of the cooling off periods, unless an agreement is reached or action is taken by Congress, the labor organization and the airline each may resort to self-help, including, for the labor organization, a strike or other labor action, and for the airline, the imposition of any or all of its proposed amendments and the hiring of new employees to replace any striking workers. Congress and the President have the authority to prevent self-help by enacting legislation that, among other things, imposes a settlement on the parties. The table below sets forth our employee groups and status of their collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 Employee Groups Representative Amendable Date (1) 
 Pilots Air Line Pilots Association, International (ALPA) January 2025 Flight Attendants Association of Flight Attendants (AFA-CWA) September 2021 Dispatchers Professional Airline Flight Control Association (PAFCA) October 2023 Ramp Service Agents International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAMAW) November 2026 Passenger Service Agents Transport Workers Union of America (TWU) February 2027 Aircraft Maintenance Technicians Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association (AMFA) (2) 
 N/A (2) 

(1) Subject to standard early opener provisions. 
 (2) Collective bargaining agreement is currently under negotiation. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we reached an agreement with ALPA for a new two-year agreement, which was ratified by ALPA members on January 10, 2023. Per the terms of the new agreement, in 2023 we expect an increase of approximately 180 million in salaries, wages and benefits expense primarily related to increases in pay rates and 401(k) employer contributions. 
 
 In February 2021, we entered into a Letter of Agreement with the AFA-CWA to change the amendable date of the collective bargaining agreement from May 4, 2021 to September 1, 2021. All other terms of the collective bargaining agreement remained the same. In June 2021, the AFA-CWA notified us, as required by the RLA, that it intended to submit proposed changes to the collective bargaining agreement covering our flight attendants. We commenced negotiations with the AFA-CWA on September 27, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we continued to negotiate with the AFA-CWA. 
 
 Our dispatchers are represented by PAFCA. In October 2018, we reached a tentative agreement with PAFCA for a new five-year agreement, which was ratified by the PAFCA members in October 2018. 
 Our ramp service agents are represented by IAMAW. Representation only applies to our Fort Lauderdale station where we have direct employees in the ramp service agent classification. In February 2020, the IAMAW notified us, as required by the RLA, that it intended to submit proposed changes to the collective bargaining agreement covering our ramp service agents which became amendable in June 2020. On September 28, 2021, we filed an Application for Mediation Services with the NMB. We were able to reach a tentative agreement with the IAMAW with the assistance of the NMB on October 16, 2021. Our ramp service agents ratified the five-year agreement in November 2021. 
 
 In June 2018, our passenger service agents voted to be represented by the TWU, but the representation only applies to our Fort Lauderdale station where we have direct employees in the passenger service classification. We began meeting with the TWU in late October 2018 to negotiate an initial collective bargaining agreement. During February 2022, we reached a tentative agreement with the TWU. Our passenger service agents ratified the five-year agreement on February 21, 2022. 
 
 In August 2022, our aircraft maintenance technicians ("AMTs") voted to be represented by AMFA as their collective bargaining agent. In November 2022, AMFA notified us of its intent to negotiate a CBA and began negotiations. As of December 31, 2022, we continued to negotiate with AMFA. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 600 AMTs. 
 12 

Safety and Security 
 We are committed to the safety and security of our passengers and employees. We strive to comply with or exceed health and safety regulation standards. In pursuing these goals, we maintain an active aviation safety program. All of our personnel are expected to participate in the program and take an active role in the identification, reduction and elimination of hazards. 
 Our ongoing focus on safety relies on training our employees to proper standards and providing them with the tools and equipment they require so they can perform their job functions in a safe and efficient manner. Safety in the workplace targets several areas of our business, including: flight operations, maintenance, in-flight, dispatch and station operations. The Transportation Security Administration, or TSA, is charged with aviation security for both airlines and airports. We maintain active, open lines of communication with the TSA at all of our locations to ensure proper standards for security of our personnel, customers, equipment and facilities are exercised throughout our business. 
 Insurance 
 We maintain insurance policies we believe are customary in the airline industry and as required by the DOT. The policies principally provide liability coverage for public and passenger injury; damage to property; loss of or damage to flight equipment; fire and extended coverage; war risk (terrorism); directors and officers liability; advertiser and media liability; cyber risk liability; fiduciary; and workers compensation and employer s liability. Renewing coverage could result in a change in premium and more restrictive terms. Although we currently believe our insurance coverage is adequate, there can be no assurance that the amount of such coverage will not be changed or that we will not be forced to bear substantial losses from accidents. 
 Management Information Systems 
 We have continued our commitment to technology improvements to support our ongoing operations and initiatives. In 2020, we continued to migrate critical business applications into the cloud infrastructure, allowing us to take increasing advantage of the analytics and automation functions. These improvements provide further opportunities to increase business intelligence and flexibility, improve business continuity, mitigate disaster scenarios and enhance data security. We intend to continue to invest resources in cyber security to protect our data, operations and our customers' privacy. 
 In 2021, we focused on additional modernization capabilities to enhance the travel experience of our Guests. In cooperation with the TSA, our Automated Self Service Bag Drop project is installed and functioning in several airports. Our plan is to accelerate the deployment of this experience as well as to further enhance the customer convenience features. In addition, we have achieved a broad investment in a mobility tool for all our workforce that enhances productivity and capabilities. Furthermore, we believe the launch of our new Loyalty program has delivered an exceptional improvement in the Guest experience and utility. In 2021, the Azure Cloud migration of Data and Application continued and is expected to be completed by early 2023. Lastly, our secondary Operations Control Center in Orlando went into production mid-year and will provide substantial improvements in disaster recovery scenarios. 
 In 2022, we targeted the modernization of our crew applications and technologies to accelerate the response to irregular operations. These improvements involved upgrades to the main flight operations system, enabling and enhancing chat functionality for our crews, improving crew scheduling voice response, and providing real time operational monitoring capabilities. In addition to operations, we have made significant improvements to our digital transformation for Guest experience through the implementation of our customer data platform. We have successfully migrated our maintenance and flight operation systems to the Azure cloud. Our journey to full cloud continues, and we are on track to complete the transition in 2023. 
 
 Foreign Ownership 
 Under DOT regulations and federal law, we must be controlled by U.S. citizens. In order to qualify, at least 75 of our stock must be voted by U.S. citizens, and our president and at least two-thirds of our board of directors and senior management must be U.S. citizens. 
 We believe we are currently in compliance with such foreign ownership rules. 
 Government Regulation 
 Operational Regulation 
 
 13 

The airline industry is heavily regulated, especially by the federal government. Two of the primary regulatory authorities overseeing air transportation in the United States are the DOT and the FAA. The DOT has jurisdiction over economic and consumer issues affecting air transportation, such as competition, route authorizations, advertising and sales practices, baggage liability and disabled passenger transportation, reporting of mishandled bags, tarmac delays and responding to customer complaints among other areas. 
 
 In July 2021, the DOT issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NRPM) requiring airlines to refund checked bag fees for delayed bags if they are not delivered to the passenger within a specified number of hours and refunding ancillary fees for services related to air travel that passengers did not receive. 
 
 In November 2021, the DOT reopened the comment period on an NPRM regarding short-term improvements to lavatory accessibility, including new proposed requirements for onboard wheelchairs (OBWs) (Part 1). This NPRM was to gather information about all aspects of OBW design, including stowage, before issuing any final binding regulation on the topic. 
 
 In March 2022, the DOT issued a NPRM (Part 2) requiring airlines to ensure that at least one lavatory on new single-aisle aircraft with at least 124 passenger seats is large enough to permit a passenger with a disability (with the help of an assistant, if necessary) to approach, enter and maneuver within the lavatory, as necessary, to use all lavatory facilities and to leave by means of the aircraft s on-board wheel chair. If enacted as currently proposed, this NPRM (Part 2) would apply to new aircraft ordered 18 years or delivered 20 years after the effective date of a final rule. 
 
 In July 2022, the DOT published its Airline Passengers with Disabilities Bill of Rights, applicable to U.S. and foreign carriers, and required airlines to publish the same on their websites with appropriate email notifications sent to passengers with disabilities. The DOT continues to review potential rules regarding disabled passengers, including a NPRM scheduled to be released next year regarding wheelchair handling and training initiatives. 
 
 In July 2022, the Office of Aviation Consumer Protection (OACP) issued a notice urging airlines to provide seats to children 13 years or younger with an adult on the same booking with no additional charge. In response to the OACP s notice, in January 2023, the DOT is expected to add to their website a Child Seating dashboard comparing reporting carriers and their procedures on seating children 13 years or younger with an adult on a booking. 
 
 In August 2022, the DOT issued a NPRM requiring airlines and ticket agents to provide non-expiring travel vouchers or credits to consumers holding non-refundable tickets for scheduled flights to, from, or within the United States as a result of the carrier cancelling or making a significant change to a scheduled flight, a serious communicable disease or for several other reasons. The NPRM will further define the terms significant change and cancellation and will require airlines and ticket agents to provide refunds if they receive significant financial assistance from the government as a result of a public health emergency. As of December 31, 2022, a final rule has not been issued; however, it is our understanding that the DOT will combine this NPRM with the July 2021 PRM, regarding refunding of certain checked bag fees and ancillary fees, and that the DOT anticipates issuing a final rule in November 2023. 
 
 At the end of August 2022, the DOT added an Airline Customer Service Dashboard to their website that compares what reporting carriers offer passengers during a significant controllable delay or cancellation. 
 
 In October 2022, the DOT issued a NRPM which would require airlines to increase disclosure of bag fees, change and cancellation fees, and family seating policies during the ticket purchase process in an effort to improve the transparency of airline pricing. The comment period closed on January 23, 2023. 
 
 In January 2021, the Biden Administration issued an executive order mandating that masks be worn on commercial aircraft. The mask mandate was struck down by a U.S. federal judge and consequently lifted on April 18, 2022. We will continue to follow all relevant guidelines and guidance to protect our Guests and staff, but we cannot forecast what additional safety requirements may be imposed in the future or the extent of any pre-travel testing requirements (See International Regulation that may be under consideration in the United States and that may be in place, or renewed, in any foreign jurisdiction we serve, including the effect of such requirements on passenger demand or the costs or revenue impact that would be associated with complying with such requirements. 
 
 Additional rules and executive orders, including those pertaining to disabled passengers, may be issued. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Industry Restrictions on, or increased taxes applicable to, charges for ancillary products and services paid by airline passengers and burdensome consumer protection regulations or laws could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 14 

The DOT has authority to issue certificates of public convenience and necessity required for airlines to provide air transportation. We hold a DOT certificate of public convenience and necessity authorizing us to engage in scheduled air transportation of passengers, property and mail within the United States, its territories and possessions and between the United States and all countries that maintain a liberal aviation trade relationship with the United States (known as open skies countries). We also hold DOT certificates to engage in air transportation to certain other countries with more restrictive aviation policies. 
 The FAA is responsible for regulating and overseeing matters relating to air carrier flight operations, including airline operating certificates, aircraft certification and maintenance and other matters affecting air safety, including rest periods and work hours for all airlines certificated under Part 121 of the Federal Aviation Regulations. The FAA requires each commercial airline to obtain and hold an FAA air carrier certificate. This certificate, in combination with operations specifications issued to the airline by the FAA, authorizes the airline to operate at specific airports using aircraft approved by the FAA. As of December 31, 2022, we had FAA airworthiness certificates for all of our aircraft, we had obtained the necessary FAA authority to fly to all of the cities we currently serve, and all of our aircraft had been certified for overwater operations. Any new or revised operational regulations in the future could result in further increased costs. We believe we hold all necessary operating and airworthiness authorizations, certificates and licenses and are operating in compliance with applicable DOT and FAA regulations, interpretations and policies. 
 International Regulation 
 All international service is subject to the regulatory requirements of the foreign government involved. We generally offer international service to Aruba, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru and St. Maarten, as well as Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. If we decide to increase our routes to additional international destinations, we will be required to obtain necessary authority from the DOT and the applicable foreign government. We are also required to comply with overfly regulations in countries that lay along our routes but which we do not serve. 
 
 International service is also subject to Customs and Border Protection, or CBP, immigration and agriculture requirements and the requirements of equivalent foreign governmental agencies. Like other airlines flying international routes, from time to time we may be subject to civil fines and penalties imposed by CBP if unmanifested or illegal cargo, such as illegal narcotics, is found on our aircraft. These fines and penalties, which in the case of narcotics are based upon the retail value of the seizure, may be substantial. We have implemented a comprehensive security program at our airports to reduce the risk of illegal cargo being placed on our aircraft, and we seek to cooperate actively with CBP and other U.S. and foreign law enforcement agencies in investigating incidents or attempts to introduce illegal cargo. 
 
 We will continue to comply with all contagious disease requirements issued by the US and foreign governments, but we cannot forecast what additional requirements may be imposed in the future or the costs or revenue impact that would be associated with complying with such requirements. See, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We are subject to extensive and increasing regulation by the FAA, DOT, TSA and other U.S. and foreign governmental agencies, compliance with which could cause us to incur increased costs and adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Security Regulation 
 The TSA was created in 2001 with the responsibility and authority to oversee the implementation, and ensure the adequacy of security measures at airports and other transportation facilities. Funding for passenger security is provided in part by a per enplanement ticket tax (passenger security fee); which as of December 19, 2014, was limited to a round-trip fee of 11.20. We cannot forecast what additional security and safety requirements may be imposed in the future or the costs or revenue impact that would be associated with complying with such requirements. 
 Environmental Regulation 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and affecting matters such as aircraft engine emissions, aircraft noise emissions and the discharge or disposal of materials and chemicals, which laws and regulations are administered by numerous state and federal agencies. The Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, regulates operations, including air carrier operations, which affect the quality of air in the United States. We believe the aircraft in our fleet meet all emission standards issued by the EPA. Concern about climate change and greenhouse gases may result in additional regulation or taxation of aircraft emissions in the United States and abroad. 
 Federal law recognizes the right of airport operators with special noise problems to implement local noise abatement procedures so long as those procedures do not interfere unreasonably with interstate and foreign commerce and the national air 
 15 

transportation system. These restrictions can include limiting nighttime operations, directing specific aircraft operational procedures during takeoff and initial climb, and limiting the overall number of flights at an airport. 
 Other Regulations 
 We are subject to certain provisions of the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, and are required to obtain an aeronautical radio license from the Federal Communications Commission, or FCC. To the extent we are subject to FCC requirements, we will take all necessary steps to comply with those requirements. We are also subject to state and local laws and regulations at locations where we operate and the regulations of various local authorities that operate the airports we serve. In addition, we are subject to the deployment of new 5G C-band service by wireless communications providers. The DOT and the FAA are currently working with AT T and Verizon to create appropriate safeguards in the deployment of their new 5G C-band service, which includes the installation of buffer zones around airports and other measures. The DOT and the FAA have required that all U.S. based carriers have 5G C-Band-tolerant radio altimeters or install approved filters by February 2024. 
 Future Regulations 
 The U.S. and foreign governments may consider and adopt new laws, regulations, interpretations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could directly or indirectly affect our results of operations. We cannot predict what laws, regulations, interpretations and policies might be considered in the future, nor can we judge what impact, if any, the implementation of any of these proposals or changes might have on our business. 
 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability 
 We are committed to integrating environmental, social and governance ESG practices into and within our business practices and commit to sustainable operations which support the long-term success of our business, shareholders, Team Members, Guests and business partners. We have established four strategic focus areas of our ESG initiatives, practices and commitments: environment, social, workforce and governance. Recognizing the fundamental importance of ESG matters, Spirit s Board and its committees provide guidance and oversight. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for oversight of our ESG strategy and practices and periodically reports on these matters to the Board. 
 We recognize aviation s impact on climate and our responsibility to help reduce the carbon footprint of air travel. Fuel burn is our greatest environmental and financial impact, and our greatest source of carbon emissions. To address the impact of our flights and operations over the short-term and long-term, our climate and emissions approach focuses on reducing emissions through both fleet and operational efficiencies that conserve fuel and improve overall fuel burn. Our all-Airbus fleet is one of the youngest in the United States and our dense seating configuration, along with our consistent focus on weight-saving measures, has made us consistently one of the most fuel-efficient carriers in the United States. 
 Further illustrating our commitment, we issued our 2020 Sustainability Report, showing results of our longstanding commitment to meaningful advancements in environmental sustainability, Guest and community service, Team Member support, and governance. The report highlights our plan for continued progress in broadening ESG initiatives and improving communities. Refer to Spirit s 2020 Sustainability Report on the Investor Relations section of our website at .www.spirit.com . 
 16 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. All statements other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements for purposes of these provisions. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, project, predict, potential, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. Additional risks or uncertainties (i) that are not currently known to us, (ii) that we currently deem to be immaterial, or (iii) that could apply to any company, could also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or future results. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this report. If any of the following risks materialize, our business could be materially harmed, and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. References in this report to Spirit, we, us, our, or the Company shall mean Spirit Airlines, Inc., unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 Risks Related to Recent Events 
 
 We have agreed to certain restrictions on our business by accepting financing under the legislation enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was signed into law. The CARES Act provided liquidity in the form of loans, loan guarantees, and other investments to air carriers, such as us, that incurred, or are expected to incur, covered losses such that the continued operations of the business are jeopardized, as determined by the United States Department of the Treasury (the "Treasury"). 
 
 On April 20, 2020, we entered into a Payroll Support Program ("PSP") agreement with the Treasury, pursuant to which we received a total of 344.4 million used exclusively to pay for salaries, wages and benefits for our employees through September 30, 2020. Of that amount, 73.3 million is in the form of a low-interest 10-year loan. In addition, in connection with its participation in the PSP, we issued to the Treasury warrants pursuant to a warrant agreement to purchase up to 520,797 shares of our common stock, at a strike price of 14.08 per share (the closing price for the shares of our common stock on April 9, 2020) with a fair value of 3.9 million. We registered the resale of the warrants pursuant to the warrant agreement with the Treasury in September and October 2020. The remaining amount of 267.2 million is in the form of a grant and was recognized in special credits in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 The warrants expire in five years from the date of issuance, are transferable, have no voting rights and contain customary terms regarding anti-dilution. If the Treasury or any subsequent warrant holder exercises the warrants, the interest of our holders of common stock would be diluted and we would be partially owned by the U.S. government, which could have a negative impact on our common stock price, and which could require increased resources and attention by our management. 
 
 On December 27, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2021 was signed into law which extended the PSP portion of the CARES Act through March 31, 2021 ("PSP2") and provided an additional 15 billion to fund PSP2 for employees of passenger air carriers. We entered into a new payroll support program agreement with the Treasury on January 15, 2021. During the first and second quarters of 2021, we receive d a total of 212.1 million thr ough PSP2, used exclusively to pay for salaries, wages and benefits for our Team Members through March 31, 2021. Of that amount , 33.6 million is in the form of a low-interest 10-year loan. In addition, in connection with its participation in PSP2, we issued to the Treasury warrants pursuant to a warrant agreement to purchase up to 137,753 sh ares of our common stock at a strike price of 24.42 per sha re (the closing price for the shares of our common stock on December 24, 2020) with a fair value of 2.8 million. The remaining amount of 175.6 
 17 

million is in the form of a grant and was recognized in special credits in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 
 American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ("ARP"), enacted on March 11, 2021, also authorized Treasury to provide additional assistance to passenger air carriers that received financial assistance under PSP2 ("PSP3"). Under the ARP, Treasury provided approximately 14 billion to fund PSP3 for employees of passenger air carriers. During the second quarter of 2021, we received 197.9 million under PSP3. O f that amount, 29.4 million is in the form of a low-interest 10-year loan. In addition, in connection with its particip ation in PSP3, we issued to the Treasury warrants pursuant to a warrant agreement to purchase u p to 80,539 sh ares of our common stock at a strike p rice of 36.45 per share (the closing price for the shares of our common stock on March 10, 2021) with a fair value o f 1.5 million. T he remaining amount of 167.0 million is in the form of a grant and was recognized in special credits in our consolidated state ment of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 . Total warrants issued in connection with the PSP, PSP2 and PSP3 represent less than 1 of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of December 31, 2022 . 
 
 In connection with our participation in PSP3, we are subject to certain restrictions and limitations, including, but not limited to: 
 
 Limits on executive compensation through April 1, 2023; and 
 
 Reporting requirements. 
 
 These restrictions and requirements could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition by, among other things, requiring us to change certain of our business practices and to maintain or increase cost levels to maintain scheduled service with little or no offsetting revenue, affecting retention of key personnel and limiting our ability to effectively compete with others in our industry who may not be receiving funding and may not be subject to similar limitations. 
 
 The CARES Act also provided an employee retention credit CARES Employee Retention credit which was a refundable tax credit against certain employment taxes. We qualified for the credit beginning on April 1, 2020 and received additional credits for qualified wages through December 31, 2020. The Consolidated Appropriations Act extended and expanded the availability of the CARES Employee Retention credit through June 30, 2021. Subsequently, the ARP extended and expanded the availability of the CARES Employee Retention credit through December 31, 2021, however, certain provisions apply only after December 31, 2020. During the first and second quarters of 2021, we recorded 37.5 million related to the CARES Employee Retention credit within special credits on our condensed consolidated statements of operations and within accounts receivable, net on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. We did not qualify for the employee retention credit for the third and fourth quarter of 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 40.8 million remained in accounts receivable, net on our consolidated balance sheet related to the CARES employee retention credit for the fourth quarter of 2020 and first and second quarters of 2021. 
 
 Finally, the CARES Act also provided for deferred payment of the employer portion of social security taxes through the end of 2020, with 50 of the deferred amount due December 31, 2021 and the remaining 50 due December 31, 2022. During 2020, we deferred 23.2 million in social security tax payments. 
 
 We cannot predict whether additional assistance will be required or available in the future, if needed. There can be no assurance that loans or other assistance will be available through the CARES Act or any future legislation, or whether we will be eligible to receive any additional assistance, if needed. 
 
 The deployment of new 5G C-band service by wireless communications service providers could have a material adverse effect on our operations, which in turn could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 On January 17, 2022, various executives of U.S. passenger airlines and cargo carriers, and airline industry associations, warned the U.S. federal government of the potential adverse impact the imminent deployment of AT T and Verizon s new 5G C-band service would have on U.S. aviation operations. According to aviation leaders, the deployment of the new 5G C-band service could cause, among other consequences, operational and security issues, interference with critical aircraft instruments and adverse impact to low-visibility operations. Any of these consequences could potentially cause flight cancellations, diversions and delays, or could result in damage to our aircraft and other equipment and a diminished margin of safety in airline operations. The DOT and the FAA are currently working with AT T and Verizon to create appropriate safeguards in the deployment of their new 5G C-band service, which includes the installation of buffer zones around airports. The DOT and the 
 18 

FAA have required that all U.S. based carriers have 5G C-Band-tolerant radio altimeters or install approved filters by February 2024. Any additional requirements or restrictions imposed on airlines by the DOT, the FAA or other government agencies are uncertain, but could have an adverse effect on our operations. Any sustained impact to our operations could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The pendency of the proposed Merger may cause disruption in our business. 
 
 On July 28, 2022, we entered into the Merger Agreement with JetBlue and Merger Sub, pursuant to which and subject to the terms and conditions therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Spirit, with Spirit continuing as the surviving entity. 
 
 The Merger Agreement restricts us from taking specified actions without JetBlue s consent until the Merger is completed or the Merger Agreement is terminated, including amending our organizational documents, issuing shares of our common stock, divesting certain assets (including certain intellectual property rights), declaring or paying dividends, making certain significant acquisitions or investments, entering into any new lines of business, incurring certain indebtedness in excess of certain thresholds, amending or modifying certain material contracts, making non-ordinary course capital expenditures, making certain non-ordinary course changes to personnel and employee compensation, changing the cabin configuration or amenities on our aircraft and taking actions that may result in the loss of our FAA airworthiness certification or takeoff and landing slots. These restrictions and others more fully described in the Merger Agreement may affect our ability to execute our business strategies and attain our financial and other goals and may impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The pendency of the proposed Merger could cause disruptions to our business or business relationships, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Parties with which we have business relationships, including Guests, pilots, employees, suppliers, third-party service providers and third-party distribution channels, may be uncertain as to the future of such relationships and may delay or defer certain business decisions, seek alternative relationships with third parties or seek to alter their present business relationships with us. Parties with whom we otherwise may have sought to establish business relationships may seek alternative relationships with third parties. 
 
 The pursuit of the Merger and the preparation for our integration with JetBlue s business is expected to place a significant burden on our management and internal resources. The diversion of management s attention away from day-to-day business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs, expenses and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the Merger. The substantial majority of these costs will be non-recurring expenses relating to the Merger, and many of these costs are payable regardless of whether or not the Merger is consummated. We also have been subject to, and may face additional, litigation related to the proposed Merger, which could prevent or delay the consummation of the Merger and result in significant costs and expenses. 
 
 Failure to complete the Merger in a timely manner or at all could negatively impact the market price of our common stock, as well as our future business and our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Merger cannot be completed until conditions to closing are satisfied or (if permissible under applicable law) waived. The Merger is subject to numerous closing conditions, including among other things, (1) approval of the transactions by our stockholders (which was received on October 19, 2022); (2) receipt of applicable regulatory approvals, including approvals from the FCC, FAA and DOT and the expiration or early termination of the statutory waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and other competition laws, and other required regulatory approvals; (3) the absence of any law or order prohibiting the consummation of the transactions; and (4) the absence of any material adverse effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) on the Company. 
 
 The failure to satisfy the required conditions could delay the completion of the Merger for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. Further, there can be no assurance that the conditions to the closing of the Merger will be satisfied or waived or that the Merger will be completed. 
 
 If the Merger is not completed in a timely manner or at all, our ongoing business may be adversely affected as follows: 
 
 we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, and our stock price could decline to the extent that the current market price reflects an assumption that the Merger will be completed; 
 
 we may experience negative reactions from employees, Guests, suppliers or other third parties; 
 19 

we may be subject to litigation, which could result in significant costs and expenses; 
 
 management s focus may be diverted from day-to-day business operations and from pursuing other opportunities that could have been beneficial to the Company; and 
 
 our costs of pursuing the Merger may be higher than anticipated. 
 
 Additionally, in approving the Merger Agreement, the Board of Directors considered a number of factors and potential benefits, including the fact that the merger consideration to be received by holders of common stock represented a significant premium over the last closing stock price prior to announcement of the Merger. If the Merger is not completed, the holders of our common stock will not realize this benefit of the Merger. 
 
 In addition to the above risks, we may be required, under certain circumstances, to pay JetBlue a breakup fee equal to 94.2 million and/or to reimburse or indemnify JetBlue for certain of its expenses. If the Merger is not consummated due to the inability to receive regulatory approval, JetBlue would be required to pay Spirit a reverse termination fee of 70 million. The reverse termination fee may not be sufficient to cover all of the expenses Spirit incurred in connection with the Merger, which may have an adverse effect on our liquidity and results of operations. If the Merger is not consummated, there can be no assurance that these risks will not materialize and will not materially adversely affect our stock price, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In order to complete the Merger, the Company and JetBlue must obtain certain governmental approvals, and if such approvals are not granted or are granted with conditions, completion of the Merger may be jeopardized or the anticipated benefits of the Merger could be reduced. 
 
 Although the Company and JetBlue have agreed to use reasonable best efforts, subject to certain limitations, to make certain governmental filings and obtain the required governmental approvals, including from the FCC, FAA and DOT, or expiration or earlier termination of relevant waiting periods, as the case may be, there can be no assurance that the relevant waiting periods will expire or be terminated or that the relevant approvals will be obtained. As a condition to approving the Merger, these governmental authorities may impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions or require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of the combined company's business after completion of the Merger. There can be no assurance that regulators will not impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions and that such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of delaying or preventing completion of the Merger or imposing additional material costs on or materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the Merger, or otherwise adversely affecting, including to a material extent, our business, results of operations and financial condition after completion of the Merger. If we are required to divest assets or businesses, there can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate such divestitures expeditiously or on favorable terms or that the governmental authorities will approve the terms of such divestitures. We can provide no assurance that these conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not result in the abandonment of the Merger.Any of the governmental authorities from which we need approvals may also sue us and JetBlue in U.S. federal court to prevent the Merger from being consummated. Defending any such lawsuit will be time-consuming and expensive and there can be no assurance that we and JetBlue would ultimately be successful. 
 
 Additionally, if the Merger is not consummated, Spirit stockholders and holders of Spirit's convertible notes and warrants will not receive the merger consideration that would have been paid at the closing of the Merger. 
 
 You must be a Spirit stockholder as of the specified record dates to receive the prepayments of merger consideration. 
 
 The prepayments of merger consideration by JetBlue will only be made to Spirit stockholders as of the specified record dates. If you are not a Spirit stockholder as of that record date, you will not receive the relevant prepayment even if you are a Spirit stockholder at the time of consummation of the Merger. As a result, if you are not a Spirit stockholder at each relevant time, you will receive less than 33.50 (or less than the up to 34.15 maximum amount of merger consideration, depending on the timing of Closing) in total for each share of Spirit common stock you own upon the consummation of the Merger. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 We operate in an extremely competitive industry. 
 20 

We face significant competition with respect to routes, fares and services. Within the airline industry, we compete with traditional network airlines, other low-cost airlines and regional airlines on many of our routes. Competition in most of the destinations we presently serve is intense, sometimes due to the large number of carriers in those markets. Furthermore, other airlines may begin service or increase existing service on routes where we currently face little competition. Most of our competitors are larger than us and have significantly greater financial and other resources than we do. 
 The airline industry is particularly susceptible to price discounting because once a flight is scheduled, airlines incur only nominal additional costs to provide service to passengers occupying otherwise unsold seats. Increased fare or other price competition has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our revenue generation. Moreover, many other airlines have begun to unbundle services by charging separately for services such as baggage and advance seat selection. This unbundling and other cost reducing measures could enable competitor airlines to reduce fares on routes that we serve. Beginning in 2015, and continuing through 2019, more widespread availability of low fares, including from legacy network carriers, coupled with an increase in domestic capacity led to dramatic changes in pricing behavior in many U.S. markets. Many domestic carriers began matching lower cost airline pricing, either with limited or unlimited inventory. Additionally, changes in practices, including with respect to change and cancellation fees, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic has led to further pricing changes among our competitors. 
 
 Airlines increase or decrease capacity in markets based on perceived profitability, market share objectives, competitive considerations and other reasons. Decisions by our competitors that increase overall industry capacity, or capacity dedicated to a particular domestic or foreign region, market or route, could have a material adverse impact on our business. If a traditional network airline were to successfully develop a low-cost structure, compete with us on price or if we were to experience increased competition from other low-cost carriers, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Many of the traditional network airlines in the United States have on one or more occasions initiated bankruptcy proceedings in attempts to restructure their debt and other obligations and reduce their operating costs. They also have completed large mergers that have increased their scale and share of the travel market. The mergers between AMR Corporation and US Airways Group, Inc., between Delta Air Lines and Northwest Airlines, between United Airlines and Continental Airlines, between Southwest Airlines and AirTran Airways, and between Alaska Airlines and Virgin America, have created five large airlines, with substantial national and international networks which create a more challenging competitive environment for smaller airlines like us. In the future, there may be additional consolidation in our industry. Any business combination could significantly alter industry conditions and competition within the airline industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our growth and the success of our ULCC business model could stimulate competition in our markets through our competitors development of their own ULCC strategies, new pricing policies designed to compete with ULCCs or new market entrants. Any such competitor may have greater financial resources and access to less expensive sources of capital than we do, which could enable them to operate their business with a lower cost structure, or enable them to operate with lower marginal revenues without substantial adverse effects, than we can. If these competitors adopt and successfully execute a ULCC business model, we could be materially adversely affected. In 2015, Delta Air Lines began to market and sell a Basic Economy product which was designed in part to provide its customers with a low base fare similar to Spirit. In 2017, American Airlines and United Airlines announced their own Basic Economy product and beginning in late 2019, other airlines like Alaska Airlines and JetBlue, have followed suit. 
 The extremely competitive nature of the airline industry could prevent us from attaining the level of passenger traffic or maintaining the level of fares or revenues related to ancillary services required to sustain profitable operations in new and existing markets and could impede our growth strategy, which could harm our operating results. Due to our relatively small size, we are susceptible to a fare war or other competitive activities in one or more of the markets we serve, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our low-cost structure is one of our primary competitive advantages, and many factors could affect our ability to control our costs. 
 Our low-cost structure is one of our primary competitive advantages. However, we have limited control over many of our costs. For example, we have limited control over the price and availability of aircraft fuel, aviation insurance, airport costs and related infrastructure taxes, the cost of meeting changing regulatory requirements and our cost to access capital or financing. In addition, the compensation and benefit costs applicable to a significant portion of our employees are established by the terms of our collective bargaining agreements. We cannot guarantee we will be able to maintain a cost advantage over our competitors. If our cost structure increases and we are no longer able to maintain a sufficient cost advantage over our competitors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 21 

The airline industry is heavily influenced by the price and availability of aircraft fuel. Continued volatility in fuel costs or significant disruptions in the supply of fuel, including hurricanes and other events affecting the Gulf Coast in particular, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Aircraft fuel costs represented 34.1 , 27.8 and 18.6 of our total operating expenses for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As such, our operating results are significantly affected by changes in the availability and the cost of aircraft fuel, especially aircraft fuel refined in the U.S. Gulf Coast region, on which we are highly dependent. Both the cost and the availability of aircraft fuel are subject to many meteorological, economic and political factors and events occurring throughout the world, which we can neither control nor accurately predict. For example, a major hurricane making landfall along the Gulf Coast could disrupt oil production, refinery operations and pipeline capacity in that region, possibly resulting in significant increases in the price of aircraft fuel and diminished availability of aircraft fuel supply. Any disruption to oil production, refinery operations, or pipeline capacity in the Gulf Coast region could have a disproportionate impact on our operating results compared to other airlines that have more diversified fuel sources. Fuel prices also may be affected by geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions and events that are outside of our control, including volatility in the relative strength of the U.S. dollar, the currency in which oil is denominated. Instability within major oil producing regions, such as the Middle East and Venezuela, Russia's ongoing conflict in Ukraine, changes in demand from major petroleum users such as China, and secular increases in competing energy sources are examples of these trends. 
 Aircraft fuel prices have been subject to high volatility, fluctuating substantially over the past several years. For example, our fuel prices spiked at a high of 3.82 per gallon, in the third quarter of 2022, and fell as low as 1.05 per gallon in the second quarter of 2020. We cannot predict the future availability, price volatility or cost of aircraft fuel. Due to the large proportion of aircraft fuel costs in our total operating cost base, even a relatively small increase or decrease in the price of aircraft fuel can have a significant negative impact on our operating costs or revenues and on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The International Maritime Organization's IMO new low-sulfur fuel oil requirements for ships came into effect on January 1, 2020. Considering the general decline in jet fuel demand during 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it is still uncertain how the availability and price of jet fuel around the world will be affected by the implementation of the IMO 2020 Regulations. Increased costs and/or decreased supply of jet fuel may be material and could adversely affect the results of our operations and financial condition. 
 Fuel derivative activity, if any, may not reduce fuel costs. 
 From time to time, we may enter into fuel derivative contracts in order to mitigate the risk to our business from future volatility in fuel prices, refining risk between the price of crude oil and the price of refined jet fuel, and to manage the risk of increasing fuel prices. Our derivatives may generally consist of United States Gulf Coast jet fuel swaps jet fuel swaps and United States Gulf Coast jet fuel options jet fuel options ). Both jet fuel swaps and jet fuel options can be used at times to protect the refining risk between the price of crude oil and the price of refined jet fuel, and to manage the risk of increasing fuel prices. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding jet fuel derivatives, and we have not engaged in fuel derivative activity since 2015. There can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into fuel derivative contracts in the future if we are required or choose to do so. In the past we have not had, and in the future we may not have, sufficient creditworthiness or liquidity to post the collateral necessary to hedge our fuel requirements. Our liquidity and general level of capital resources impacts our ability to hedge our fuel requirements. Even if we are able to hedge portions of our future fuel requirements, we cannot guarantee that our derivative contracts will provide sufficient protection against increased fuel costs or that our counterparties will be able to perform under our derivative contracts, such as in the case of a counterparty s insolvency. Furthermore, our ability to react to the cost of fuel, absent hedging, is limited because we set the price of tickets in advance of incurring fuel costs. Our ability to pass on any significant increases in aircraft fuel costs through fare increases could also be limited. In the event of a reduction in fuel prices compared to our hedged position, if any, our hedged positions could counteract the cost benefit of lower fuel prices and may require us to post cash margin collateral. In a falling fuel price environment, we may be required to make cash payments to our counterparties which may impair our liquidity position and increase our costs. 
 Please see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Trends and Uncertainties Affecting Our Business Aircraft Fuel. 
 Restrictions on, or increased taxes applicable to, charges for ancillary products and services paid by airline passengers and burdensome consumer protection regulations or laws could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we generated non-ticket revenues of 2,612.6 million, 1,807.8 million and 1,053.8 million, respectively. Our non-ticket revenues are generally generated from charges for, among other things, baggage, bookings through certain of our distribution channels, advance seat selection, itinerary changes and loyalty programs. The DOT has rules 
 22 

governing many facets of the airline-consumer relationship, including, for instance, price advertising, tarmac delays, bumping of passengers from flights, ticket refunds and the carriage of disabled passengers. If we are not able to remain in compliance with these rules, the DOT may subject us to fines or other enforcement action, including requirements to modify our passenger reservations system, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The U.S. Congress and federal administrative agencies have investigated the increasingly common airline industry practice of unbundling the pricing of certain products and services. If new taxes are imposed on non-ticket revenues, or if other laws or regulations are adopted that make unbundling of airline products and services impermissible, or more cumbersome or expensive, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. Congressional and other government scrutiny may also change industry practice or public willingness to pay for ancillary services. See also Risks Related to Our Business We are subject to extensive and increasing regulation by the FAA, DOT, TSA and other U.S. and foreign governmental agencies, compliance with which could cause us to incur increased costs and adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 The airline industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions. Adverse economic conditions would negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business and the airline industry in general are affected by many changing economic conditions beyond our control, including, among others: 
 changes and volatility in general economic conditions, including the severity and duration of any downturn in the U.S. or global economy and financial markets; 
 changes in consumer preferences, perceptions, spending patterns or demographic trends, including any increased preference for higher-fare carriers offering higher amenity levels, and reduced preferences for low-fare carriers offering more basic transportation; 
 higher levels of unemployment and varying levels of disposable or discretionary income in part due to the effect of high inflation rates and rising interest rates in the United States; 
 depressed housing and stock market prices; and 
 lower levels of actual or perceived consumer confidence. 
 These factors can adversely affect, and from time to time have adversely affected, our results of operations, our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms and our liquidity. Unfavorable general economic conditions, such as higher unemployment rates, a constrained credit market, housing-related pressures and increased focus on reducing business operating costs, can reduce spending for price-sensitive leisure and business travel. For many travelers, in particular the price-sensitive travelers we serve, air transportation is a discretionary purchase that they may reduce or eliminate from their spending in difficult economic times. The overall decrease in demand for air transportation in the United States in 2008 and 2009 resulting from record high fuel prices and the economic recession required us to take significant steps to reduce our capacity, which reduced our revenues. Additionally, in 2020 and 2021, we were required to reduce our capacity as a result of a dramatic drop in demand due to, and restrictions imposed as a result of, the COVID-19 pandemic. Unfavorable economic conditions could also affect our ability to raise prices to counteract the effect of increased fuel, labor or other costs, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The airline industry faces ongoing security concerns and related cost burdens, furthered by threatened or actual terrorist attacks or other hostilities, that could significantly harm our industry and our business. 
 The terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and their aftermath negatively affected the airline industry. The primary effects experienced by the airline industry included: 
 substantial loss of revenue and flight disruption costs caused by the grounding of all commercial air traffic in or headed to the United States by the FAA for days after the terrorist attacks; 
 increased security and insurance costs; 
 increased concerns about future terrorist attacks; 
 airport shutdowns and flight cancellations and delays due to security breaches and perceived safety threats; and 
 significantly reduced passenger traffic and yields due to the subsequent dramatic drop in demand for air travel. 
 Since September 11, 2001, the Department of Homeland Security and the TSA have implemented numerous security measures that restrict airline operations and increase costs, and are likely to implement additional measures in the future. For 
 23 

example, following the widely publicized attempt of an alleged terrorist to detonate plastic explosives hidden underneath his clothes on a Northwest Airlines flight on Christmas Day in 2009, passengers became subject to enhanced random screening, which included pat-downs, explosive detection testing and body scans. Enhanced passenger screening, increased regulation governing carry-on baggage and other similar restrictions on passenger travel may further increase passenger inconvenience and reduce the demand for air travel. In addition, increased or enhanced security measures have tended to result in higher governmental fees imposed on airlines, resulting in higher operating costs for airlines, which we may not be able to pass on to consumers in the form of higher prices. Any future terrorist attacks or attempted attacks, even if not made directly on the airline industry, or the fear of such attacks or other hostilities (including elevated national threat warnings or selective cancellation or redirection of flights due to terror threats) would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and on the airline industry in general. 
 
 Airlines are often affected by factors beyond their control, any of which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Like other airlines, our business is affected by factors beyond our control, including air traffic congestion at airports, air traffic control inefficiencies, major construction or improvements at airports at which we operate, adverse weather conditions, increased security measures, new travel-related taxes, the outbreak of disease, new regulations or policies from the presidential administration and Congress, and supply chain disruptions, in particular those causing inability to obtain, or delays in obtaining, aircraft or spare parts such as engines. Factors that cause flight delays frustrate passengers and increase costs, which in turn could adversely affect profitability. The federal government currently controls all U.S. airspace, and airlines are completely dependent on the FAA to operate that airspace in a safe, efficient and affordable manner. The air traffic control system, which is operated by the FAA, faces challenges in managing the growing demand for U.S. air travel. U.S. and foreign air-traffic controllers often rely on outdated technologies that routinely overwhelm the system and compel airlines to fly inefficient, indirect routes resulting in delays. A significant portion of our operations is concentrated in markets such as South Florida, the Caribbean, Latin America and the Northeast and northern Midwest regions of the United States, which are particularly vulnerable to weather, airport traffic constraints and other delays. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as hurricanes affecting southern Florida and the Caribbean (such as Hurricanes Irma and Maria in September 2017, Hurricane Dorian in August 2019, Hurricane Laura in August 2020 and Hurricane Ian in September 2022) as well as southern Texas (such as Hurricane Harvey in August 2017), winter snowstorms or earthquakes (such as the September 2017 earthquakes in Mexico City, Mexico and the December 2019 and January 2020 earthquakes in Puerto Rico) can cause flight cancellations, significant delays and facility disruptions. For example, during 2017, the timing and location of Hurricanes Irma and Maria produced a domino effect on our operations, resulting in approximately 1,400 flight cancellations and numerous flight delays, which resulted in an adverse effect on our results of operations. Cancellations or delays due to adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, air traffic control problems or inefficiencies, breaches in security, staffing shortages, or other factors may affect us to a greater degree than other, larger airlines that may be able to recover more quickly from these events, and therefore could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition to a greater degree than other air carriers. For example, during 2022, a number of adverse weather events, as well as increases in air traffic control programs and restrictions, led to a significant number of flight delays and cancellations. Because of our high utilization, point-to-point network, operational disruptions can have a disproportionate impact on our ability to recover. In addition, many airlines reaccommodate their disrupted passengers on other airlines at prearranged rates under flight interruption manifest agreements. We have been unsuccessful in procuring any of these agreements with our peers, which makes our recovery from disruption more challenging than for larger airlines that have these agreements in place. Similarly, outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as Ebola, measles, avian flu, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), H1N1 (swine) flu, Zika virus and COVID-19, could result in significant decreases in passenger traffic, the imposition of government restrictions in service, supply chain bottlenecks or issues, and staffing shortages and could have a material adverse impact on the airline industry. For example, in 2020 and 2021, the U.S. government and government authorities in other countries around the world implemented travel bans, testing requirements and other restrictions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and recommended against air travel, which drastically reduced consumer demand for air travel. Any resurgence of COVID-19 or another pandemic or public health crisis that results in similar or other restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Air travel is continuing its resurgence following widespread adoption of vaccines, but the situation is fluid and actual capacity adjustments could be different than what we currently expect. Any increases in travel-related taxes could also result in decreases in passenger traffic. Any general reduction in airline passenger traffic could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, U.S. federal government shutdowns may cause delays and cancellations or reductions in discretionary travel due to longer security lines, including as a result of furloughed government employees, or reductions in staffing levels, including air traffic controllers. U.S. government shutdowns may also impact our ability to take delivery of aircraft and commence operations in new domestic stations. Any extended shutdown like the one in January 2019 may have a negative impact on our operations and financial results. In addition, supply chain issues have led to delays in aircraft deliveries and negatively impacted our ability to source spare parts and complete maintenance on a timely basis, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 24 

Restrictions on or litigation regarding third-party membership discount programs could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We generate a relatively small but growing portion of our revenue from commissions, revenue share and other fees paid to us by third-party merchants for customer click-throughs, distribution of third-party promotional materials and referrals arising from products and services of the third-party merchants that we offer to our customers on our website. Some of these third-party referral-based offers are for memberships in discount programs or similar promotions made to customers who have purchased products from us, and for which we receive a payment from the third-party merchants for every customer that accepts the promotion. Certain of these third-party membership discount programs have been the subject of consumer complaints, litigation and regulatory actions alleging that the enrollment and billing practices involved in the programs violate various consumer protection laws or are otherwise deceptive. Any private or governmental claim or action that may be brought against us in the future relating to these third-party membership programs could result in our being obligated to pay damages or incurring legal fees in defending claims. These damages and fees could be disproportionate to the revenues we generate through these relationships. In addition, customer dissatisfaction or a significant reduction in or termination of the third-party membership discount offers on our website as a result of these claims could have a negative impact on our brand, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We face competition from air travel substitutes. 
 In addition to airline competition from traditional network airlines, other low-cost airlines and regional airlines, we also face competition from air travel substitutes. On our domestic routes, we face competition from some other transportation alternatives, such as bus, train or automobile. In addition, technology advancements may limit the demand for air travel. For example, video teleconferencing and other methods of electronic communication may reduce the need for in-person communication and add a new dimension of competition to the industry as travelers seek lower-cost substitutes for air travel. If we are unable to adjust rapidly in the event the basis of competition in our markets changes, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Increased labor costs, union disputes, employee strikes and other labor-related disruption may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 
 
 Our business is labor intensive, with labor costs representing approximately 22.1 , 32.4 and 39.3 of our total operating costs for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 81 of our workforce was represented by labor unions. We cannot assure that our labor costs going forward will remain competitive, because in the future our labor agreements may be amended or become amendable and new agreements could have terms with higher labor costs; one or more of our competitors may significantly reduce their labor costs, thereby reducing or eliminating our comparative advantages as to one or more of such competitors; or our labor costs may increase in connection with our growth. As further described below, our aircraft maintenance technicians ("AMTs") voted to be represented by the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association (the AMFA ). We are currently negotiating a collective bargaining agreement. Any such negotiation may cause us to incur higher labor costs for our AMTs over the term of the agreement than we would have incurred absent such agreement. We may also become subject to additional collective bargaining agreements in the future given the possibility that other non-unionized workers may unionize. 
 Relations between air carriers and labor unions in the United States are governed by the RLA. Under the RLA, collective bargaining agreements generally contain amendable dates rather than expiration dates, subject to standard opener provisions, and the RLA requires that a carrier maintain the existing terms and conditions of employment following the amendable date through a multi-stage and usually lengthy series of bargaining processes overseen by the NMB. This process continues until either the parties have reached agreement on a new collective bargaining agreement or the parties have been released to self-help by the NMB. In most circumstances, the RLA prohibits strikes; however, after release by the NMB, carriers and unions are free to engage in self-help measures such as lockouts and strikes. 
 During 2017, we experienced operational disruption from pilot-related work action which adversely impacted our results. We obtained a temporary restraining order to enjoin further illegal labor action. In January 2018, under the guidance of the NMB-assigned mediators, the parties reached a tentative agreement. In February 2018, the pilot group voted to approve the current five-year agreement with us. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we reached an agreement with ALPA for a new two-year agreement, which was ratified by ALPA members on January 10, 2023. Per the terms of the new agreement, in 2023 we expect an increase of approximately 
 25 

180 million in salaries, wages and benefits expense primarily related to increases in pay rates and 401(k) employer contributions. 
 In March 2016, under the supervision of the NMB, we reached a tentative agreement for a five-year contract with our flight attendants. Our flight attendants ratified the agreement in May 2016. In February 2021, we entered into a Letter of Agreement with the AFA-CWA to change the amendable date of the collective bargaining agreement from May 4, 2021 to September 1, 2021. All other terms of the collective bargaining agreement remained the same. In June 2021, the AFA-CWA notified us, as required by the RLA, that it intended to submit proposed changes to the collective bargaining agreement covering our flight attendants. We commenced negotiations with the AFA-CWA on September 27, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we continued to negotiate with the AFA-CWA. 
 Our dispatchers are represented by the PAFCA. In October 2018, we reached a tentative agreement with PAFCA for a new five-year agreement, which was ratified by the PAFCA members in October 2018. 
 Our ramp service agents are represented by IAMAW. Representation only applies to our Fort Lauderdale station where we have direct employees in the ramp service agent classification. In February 2020, the IAMAW notified us, as required by the RLA, that it intended to submit proposed changes to the collective bargaining agreement covering our ramp service agents which became amendable in June 2020. On September 28, 2021, we filed an Application for Mediation Services with the NMB. We were able to reach a tentative agreement with the IAMAW with the assistance of the NMB on October 16, 2021. Our ramp service agents ratified the five-year agreement in November 2021. 
 In June 2018, our passenger service agents voted to be represented by the TWU, but the representation only applies to our Fort Lauderdale station where we have direct employees in the passenger service classification. We began meeting with the TWU in late October 2018 to negotiate an initial collective bargaining agreement. During February 2022, we reached a tentative agreement with the TWU. Our passenger service agents ratified the five-year agreement on February 21, 2022. 
 In August 2022, our AMTs voted to be represented by AMFA as their collective bargaining agent. In November 2022, AMFA notified us of its intent to negotiate a CBA and began negotiations. As of December 31, 2022, we continued to negotiate with AMFA. 
 If we are unable to reach an agreement with any of our unionized work groups in current or future negotiations regarding the terms of their CBAs, we may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages, such as the strike by our pilots in June 2010 and the operational disruption from pilot-related work action experienced in 2017. A strike or other significant labor dispute with our unionized employees is likely to adversely affect our ability to conduct business. Any agreement we do reach could increase our labor and related expenses. 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was enacted in 2010. A decision in the Supreme Court regarding this law is pending and it may be repealed in its entirety or certain aspects may be changed or replaced. If the law is repealed or significantly modified or if new healthcare legislation is passed, such action could significantly increase cost of the healthcare benefits provided to our U.S. employees. In addition, the failure to comply materially with such existing and new laws, rules and regulations could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 
 A deterioration in worldwide economic conditions may adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, liquidity and ability to obtain financing or access capital markets. 
 
 The general worldwide economy has in the past experienced downturns due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the European debt crisis, unfavorable U.S. economic conditions and slowing growth in certain Asian economies, including general credit market crises, collateral effects on the finance and banking industries, energy price volatility, concerns about inflation, rising interest rates, slower economic activity, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital spending, adverse business conditions, geopolitical conflict, pandemic risks, government constraints on international trade and liquidity concerns. We cannot accurately predict the nature, extent, duration, effect or likelihood of any economic slowdown or the timing, strength or sustainability of a subsequent economic recovery worldwide or in the United States or the impact of the foregoing on the aviation industry. 
 
 Negative conditions in the general economy both in the United States and globally, including conditions resulting from changes in gross domestic product growth, declines in consumer confidence, labor shortages, inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, and financial and credit market fluctuations could result in decreases in spending on air travel and otherwise, increases in labor costs and delayed deliveries of aircraft, all of which could materially and adversely affect the growth of our business. In particular, although inflation in the United States has been relatively low in recent years, the U.S. economy has recently experienced a significant inflationary effect from, among other things, supply chain disruptions and governmental stimulus or fiscal policies adopted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. While we cannot predict any future trends in the rate of inflation, there is currently significant uncertainty in the near-term economic outlook. Continued inflation would further 
 26 

raise our costs for labor, materials and services, which could negatively impact our profitability and cash flows. Additionally, we may be unable to raise our fares in amounts equal to the rate of inflation. 
 
 In addition, we have significant obligations for aircraft and spare engines that we have ordered from Airbus, IAE and Pratt Whitney over the next several years, and we will need to finance these purchases. We may not have sufficient liquidity or creditworthiness to fund the purchase of aircraft and engines, including payment of pre-delivery deposit payments PDPs ), or for other working capital. Factors that affect our ability to raise financing or access the capital markets include market conditions in the airline industry, economic conditions, the perceived residual value of aircraft and related assets, the level and volatility of our earnings, our relative competitive position in the markets in which we operate, our ability to retain key personnel, our operating cash flows and legal and regulatory developments. Regardless of our creditworthiness, at times the market for aircraft purchase or lease financing has been very constrained due to such factors as the general state of the capital markets and the financial position of the major providers of commercial aircraft financing. 
 We rely on maintaining a high daily aircraft utilization rate to implement our low-cost structure, which makes us especially vulnerable to flight delays or cancellations or aircraft unavailability. 
 We maintain a high daily aircraft utilization rate. Our average daily aircraft utilization was 10.7 hours for 2022. During 2020 and, to a lesser extent, 2021, we operated our aircraft at lower utilization levels due to the COVID-19 pandemic and as such our average daily aircraft utilization of 6.9 hours and 9.7 hours, respectively, were low compared to prior years. Aircraft utilization is the average amount of time per day that our aircraft spend carrying passengers. Our revenue per aircraft can be increased by high daily aircraft utilization, which is achieved in part by reducing turnaround times at airports so we can fly more hours on average in a day. Aircraft utilization is reduced by delays and cancellations from various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including air traffic congestion at airports or other air traffic control problems, adverse weather conditions, increased security measures or breaches in security, international or domestic conflicts, terrorist activity, outbreaks of pandemics or contagious diseases or other changes in business conditions. A significant portion of our operations are concentrated in markets such as South Florida, the Caribbean, Latin America and the Northeast and northern Midwest regions of the United States, which are particularly vulnerable to weather, airport traffic constraints and other delays. In addition, pulling aircraft out of service for unscheduled and scheduled maintenance, the occurrence of which will increase as our fleet ages, may materially reduce our average fleet utilization and require that we seek short-term substitute capacity at increased costs. Due to the relatively small size of our fleet and high daily aircraft utilization rate, the unavailability of aircraft and resulting reduced capacity could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our maintenance costs will increase as our fleet ages, and we will periodically incur substantial maintenance costs due to the maintenance schedules of our aircraft fleet. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the average age of our aircraft was approximately 7.0 years. Our relatively new aircraft require less maintenance now than they will in the future. Our fleet will require more maintenance as it ages and our maintenance and repair expenses for each of our aircraft will be incurred at approximately the same intervals. For our leased aircraft, we expect that the final heavy maintenance events will be amortized over the remaining lease term rather than until the next estimated heavy maintenance event, because we account for heavy maintenance under the deferral method. This will result in significantly higher depreciation and amortization expense related to heavy maintenance in the last few years of the leases as compared to the costs in earlier periods. Moreover, because our current fleet was acquired over a relatively short period, significant maintenance that is scheduled on each of these planes is occurring at roughly the same time, meaning we will incur our most expensive scheduled maintenance obligations, known as heavy maintenance, across our present fleet around the same time. These more significant maintenance activities result in out-of-service periods during which our aircraft are dedicated to maintenance activities and unavailable to fly revenue service. In addition, the terms of some of our lease agreements require us to pay maintenance reserves to the lessor in advance of the performance of major maintenance, resulting in our recording significant prepaid deposits on our consolidated balance sheet. Depending on their recoverability, these maintenance reserves may be expensed as supplemental rent. We expect scheduled and unscheduled aircraft maintenance expenses to increase over the next several years. Any significant increase in maintenance and repair expenses would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our lack of marketing alliances could harm our business. 
 Many airlines, including the domestic traditional network airlines (American, Delta and United) have marketing alliances with other airlines, under which they market and advertise their status as marketing alliance partners. These alliances, such as OneWorld, SkyTeam and Star Alliance, generally provide for code-sharing, frequent flyer program reciprocity, coordinated scheduling of flights to permit convenient connections and other joint marketing activities. Such arrangements permit an airline to market flights operated by other alliance members as its own. This increases the destinations, connections and frequencies offered by the airline and provides an opportunity to increase traffic on that airline s segment of flights connecting with alliance 
 27 

partners. We currently do not have any alliances with U.S. or foreign airlines. Our lack of marketing alliances puts us at a competitive disadvantage to traditional network carriers who are able to attract passengers through more widespread alliances, particularly on international routes, and that disadvantage may result in a material adverse effect on our passenger traffic, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to extensive and increasing regulation by the FAA, DOT, TSA and other U.S. and foreign governmental agencies, compliance with which could cause us to incur increased costs and adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Airlines are subject to extensive and increasing regulatory and legal compliance requirements, both domestically and internationally, that involve significant costs. In the last several years, Congress has passed laws, and the DOT, FAA and TSA have issued regulations, relating to the operation of airlines that have required significant expenditures. We expect to continue to incur expenses in connection with complying with government regulations. Additional laws, regulations, taxes and increased airport rates and charges have been proposed from time to time that could significantly increase the cost of airline operations or reduce the demand for air travel. If adopted, these measures could have the effect of raising ticket prices, reducing revenue and increasing costs. 
 
 The DOT has been aggressive in enforcing regulations for violations of the tarmac delay rules, passenger with disability rules, advertising rules and other consumer protection rules that could increase the cost of airline operations or reduce revenues. In December 2020, the DOT issued a Final Rule on Traveling by Air with Service Animals. This rule limits service animals to a dog that is individually trained to do work or perform tasks for the benefit of a person with a disability, and no longer considers an emotional support animal to be a service animal. This eliminates the requirement to carry emotional support animals for free, and will likely reduce costs. Additionally, in December 2020, the DOT withdrew a Request for Information soliciting information on whether airline restrictions on the distribution or display of airline flight information constitute an unfair and deceptive business practice and/or an unfair method of competition. The DOT said that decisions on how and where to sell their services should be left to the airlines. 
 
 In its first day in office, the Biden Administration issued an executive order that froze review and approval of any new rulemaking. This freeze led the DOT to withdraw the Final Rule on Tarmac Delay and the Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRM) on Airfare Advertising. The ANPRM may not be reissued. 
 
 In October 2018, Congress passed the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, which extends FAA funds through fiscal year 2023. The legislation contains provisions which could have effects on our results of operations and financial condition. Among other provisions, the new law requires the DOT to lift the payment cap on denied boarding compensation, create new requirements for the treatment of disabled passengers, and treble the maximum civil penalty for damage to wheelchairs and other assistive devices or for injuring a disabled passenger. Under the Act, the FAA is required to issue rules establishing minimum dimensions for passenger seats, including seat pitch, width and length. The Act also establishes new rest requirements for flight attendants and requires, within one year, that the FAA issue an order mandating installation of a secondary cockpit barrier on each new aircraft. 
 
 In January 2021, the DOT issued a final rule, effective April 2021, to clarify that the maximum amount of Denied Boarding Compensation (DBC) that a carrier may provide to a passenger denied boarding involuntarily is not limited. We cannot forecast how eliminating this maximum amount of payment will affect our costs. 
 
 In 2021 and 2022, the DOT issued several NPRMs relating to air travel and airline ticketing and fees. In July 2021, the DOT issued a NRPM requiring airlines to refund checked bag fees for delayed bags if they are not delivered to the passenger within a specified number of hours and refunding ancillary fees for services related to air travel that passengers did not receive. In November 2021, the DOT reopened the comment period on a NPRM regarding short-term improvements to lavatory accessibility, including new proposed requirements for OBWs (Part 1). This NPRM was to gather information about all aspects of OBW design, including stowage, before issuing any final binding regulation on the topic. In March 2022, the DOT issued a NPRM (Part 2) requiring airlines to ensure that at least one lavatory on new single-aisle aircraft with at least 124 passenger seats is large enough to permit a passenger with a disability (with the help of an assistant, if necessary) to approach, enter and maneuver within the lavatory, as necessary, to use all lavatory facilities and to leave by means of the aircraft s on-board wheel chair. If enacted as currently proposed, this NPRM (Part 2) would apply to new aircraft ordered 18 years or delivered 20 years after the effective date of a final rule. In August 2022, the DOT issued a NPRM requiring airlines and ticket agents to provide non-expiring travel vouchers or credits to consumers holding non-refundable tickets for scheduled flights to, from or within the United States as a result of the carrier cancelling or making a significant change to a scheduled flight, a serious communicable disease or for several other reasons. The NPRM will further define the terms significant change and cancellation and will require airlines and ticket agents to provide refunds if they receive significant financial assistance from the government as a 
 28 

result of a public health emergency. As of December 31, 2022, a final rule has not been issued; however, it is our understanding that the DOT will combine this NPRM with the July 2021 NPRM, regarding the refunding of certain checked bag fees ancillary fees, and that the DOT anticipates issuing a final rule in November 2023. In October 2022, the DOT issued a NRPM which would require airlines to increase disclosure of bag fees, change and cancellation fees, and family seating policies during the ticket purchase process in an effort to improve the transparency of airline pricing. The comment period closed on January 23, 2023. If any of these NPRMs are enacted as proposed, they may increase our costs and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We cannot assure that these and other laws or regulations enacted in the future will not harm our business. In addition, the TSA mandates the federalization of certain airport security procedures and imposes additional security requirements on airports and airlines, most of which are funded by a per ticket tax on passengers and a tax on airlines. We cannot forecast what additional security and safety requirements may be imposed in the future or the costs or revenue impact that would be associated with complying with such requirements. 
 
 Our ability to operate as an airline is dependent on our maintaining certifications issued to us by the DOT and the FAA. The FAA has the authority to issue mandatory orders relating to, among other things, the grounding of aircraft, inspection of aircraft, installation of new safety-related items and removal and replacement of aircraft parts that have failed or may fail in the future. A decision by the FAA to ground, or require time consuming inspections of or maintenance on, our aircraft, for any reason, could negatively affect our business and financial results. Federal law requires that air carriers operating large aircraft be continuously fit, willing and able to provide the services for which they are licensed. Our fitness is monitored by the DOT, which considers factors such as unfair or deceptive competition, advertising, baggage liability and disabled passenger transportation. While the DOT has seldom revoked a carrier's certification for lack of fitness, such an occurrence would render it impossible for us to continue operating as an airline. The DOT may also institute investigations or administrative proceedings against airlines for violations of regulations. 
 
 The U.S. government is under persistent pressure to implement cost cutting and efficiency initiatives. In addition, the U.S. government has recently and may in the future experience delays in the completion of its budget process which could delay funding for government departments and agencies that regulate or otherwise are tied to the aviation industry, including the DOT and FAA. To the extent that any such initiatives or budgeting delays affect the operations of these government departments and agencies, including by forcing mandatory furloughs of government employees, our operations and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 International routes are regulated by treaties and related agreements between the United States and foreign governments. Our ability to operate international routes is subject to change because the applicable arrangements between the United States and foreign governments may be amended from time to time. Our access to new international markets may be limited by our ability to obtain the necessary certificates to fly the international routes. In addition, our operations in foreign countries are subject to regulation by foreign governments and our business may be affected by changes in law and future actions taken by such governments, including granting or withdrawal of government approvals and restrictions on competitive practices. We are subject to numerous foreign regulations based on the large number of countries outside the United States where we currently provide service. If we are not able to comply with this complex regulatory regime, our business could be significantly harmed. Please see Business Government Regulation. 
 
 For example, pursuant to the PSP, PSP2 and PSP3 Agreements with the Treasury, we were required to provide continued air service to certain markets for certain periods of time and we are subject to restrictions, along with additional reporting and recordkeeping requirements relating to the funds received under the three PSP programs and other programs to provide relief. 
 
 Government-imposed travel requirements and entry bans from certain countries based on emerging variants of the COVID-19 virus could be imposed in the future. We will continue to comply with all contagious disease requirements issued by the U.S. and foreign governments, but we cannot forecast what additional requirements may be imposed in the future or the extent of any pre-travel testing requirements that may be under consideration in the United States and that may be in place, or renewed, in any foreign jurisdiction we serve, including the effect of such requirements on passenger demand or the costs or revenue impact that would be associated with complying with such requirements. 
 
 Changes in legislation, regulation and government policy have affected, and may in the future have a material adverse effect on, our business. 
 
 Changes in, and uncertainty with respect to, legislation, regulation and government policy at the local, state or federal level have affected, and may in the future significantly impact, our business and the airline industry. For example, the Tax Cuts 
 29 

and Jobs Act, enacted on December 22, 2017, limits deductions for borrowers for net interest expense on debt. Specific legislative and regulatory proposals that could have a material impact on us in the future include, but are not limited to, infrastructure renewal programs; changes to immigration policy; modifications to international trade policy, including withdrawing from trade agreements and imposing tariffs; changes to financial legislation, including the partial or full repeal of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act or the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act; public company reporting requirements; environmental regulation and antitrust enforcement. Any such changes may make it more difficult and/or more expensive for us to obtain new aircraft or engines and parts to maintain existing aircraft or engines or make it less profitable or prevent us from flying to or from some of the destinations we currently serve. 
 
 To the extent that any such changes have a negative impact on us or the airline industry, including as a result of related uncertainty, these changes may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Any tariffs imposed on commercial aircraft and related parts imported from outside the United States may have a material adverse effect on our fleet, business, financial condition and our results of operations. 
 
 Certain of the products and services that we purchase, including our aircraft and related parts, are sourced from suppliers located in foreign countries, and the imposition of new tariffs, or any increase in existing tariffs, by the U.S. government on the importation of such products or services could materially increase the amounts we pay for them. In early October 2019, the World Trade Organization ruled that the United States could impose 7.5 billion in retaliatory tariffs in response to illegal European Union subsidies to Airbus. On October 18, 2019, the United States imposed these tariffs on certain imports from the European Union, including a 10 tariff on new commercial aircraft. In February 2020, the United States announced an increase to this tariff from 10 to 15 . These tariffs apply to aircraft that we are already contractually obligated to purchase. In June 2021, the United States Trade Representative announced that the United States and European Union had agreed to suspend reciprocal tariffs on large civilian aircraft for five years, pending discussions to resolve their trade dispute. However, these tariffs are under continuing review and at any time could be increased, decreased, eliminated or applied to a broader range of products we use. The imposition of these tariffs may substantially increase the cost of, among other things, imported new Airbus aircraft and parts required to service our Airbus fleet, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. We may also seek to postpone or cancel delivery of certain aircraft currently scheduled for delivery, and we may choose not to purchase as many aircraft as we intended in the future. Any such action could have a material adverse effect on the size of our fleet, business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to implement our growth strategy. 
 Our growth strategy includes acquiring additional aircraft, increasing the frequency of flights and size of aircraft used in markets we currently serve, and expanding the number of markets we serve where our low-cost structure would likely be successful. Effectively implementing our growth strategy is critical for our business to achieve economies of scale and to sustain or increase our profitability. We face numerous challenges in implementing our growth strategy, including our ability to: 
 maintain profitability; 
 acquire delivery positions of and/or financing for new or used aircraft; 
 access airports located in our targeted geographic markets where we can operate routes in a manner that is consistent with our cost strategy; 
 acquire new and used aircraft in accordance with our intended delivery schedule, and obtain sufficient spare parts or related support services from our suppliers on a timely basis; 
 gain access to international routes; 
 access sufficient gates and other services at airports we currently serve or may seek to serve; and 
 maintain efficient utilization and capacity of our existing aircraft. 
 Our growth is dependent upon our ability to maintain a safe and secure operation and requires additional personnel, equipment and facilities. An inability to hire and retain personnel, timely secure the required equipment and facilities in a cost-effective manner, efficiently operate our expanded facilities or obtain the necessary regulatory approvals may adversely affect our ability to achieve our growth strategy, which could harm our business. In addition, expansion to new markets may have other risks due to factors specific to those markets. We may be unable to foresee all of the existing risks upon entering certain 
 30 

new markets or respond adequately to these risks, and our growth strategy and our business may suffer as a result. In addition, our competitors may reduce their fares and/or offer special promotions to deter our entry into a new market or to stop our growth into existing markets or new markets. We cannot assure you that we will be able to profitably expand our existing markets or establish new markets. 
 Some of our target growth markets in the Caribbean and Latin America include countries with less developed economies that may be vulnerable to unstable economic and political conditions, such as significant fluctuations in gross domestic product, interest and currency exchange rates, high inflation, civil disturbances, government instability, nationalization and expropriation of private assets and the imposition of taxes or other charges by governments. The occurrence of any of these events in markets served by us and the resulting instability may adversely affect our ability to implement our growth strategy. 
 In 2008, in response to record high fuel prices and rapidly deteriorating economic conditions, we modified our growth plans by terminating our leases for seven aircraft. We incurred significant expenses relating to our lease terminations, and have incurred additional expenses to acquire new aircraft in place of those under the terminated leases as we expanded our network. We may in the future determine to reduce further our future growth plans from previously announced levels, which may impact our business strategy and future profitability. 
 We rely heavily on technology and automated systems to operate our business and any failure of these technologies or systems or failure by their operators could harm our business. 
 We are highly dependent on technology and automated systems to operate our business and achieve low operating costs. These technologies and systems include our computerized airline reservation system, flight operations system, financial planning, management and accounting system, telecommunications systems, website, maintenance systems and check-in kiosks. The performance and reliability of our technology are critical to our ability to operate and compete effectively. The execution of our strategic plans could be negatively affected by (i) our ability to timely and effectively implement, transition, and maintain related information technology systems and infrastructure; (ii) our ability to effectively balance our investment of incremental operating expenses and capital expenditures related to our strategies against the need to effectively control cost; and (iii) our dependence on third parties with respect to our ability to implement our strategic plans. We cannot assure you that our security measures, change control procedures and disaster recovery plans will be adequate to prevent disruptions or delays. Disruption in or changes to these systems could result in an interruption to our operations or loss of important data. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In order for our operations to work efficiently, our website and reservation system must be able to accommodate a high volume of traffic, maintain secure information and deliver flight information with a high degree of reliability. Substantially all of our tickets are issued to passengers as electronic tickets. We depend on our reservation system, which is hosted and maintained under a long-term contract by a third-party service provider, to be able to issue, track and accept these electronic tickets. If our third-party service provider experiences operational failures or claims that it cannot perform as a result of a force majeure, due to the effects of COVID-19 or otherwise, we may not be able to operate our reservation system. If our reservation system fails or experiences interruptions, and we are unable to book seats for any period of time, we could lose a significant amount of revenue as customers book seats on competing airlines. We have experienced short duration reservation system outages from time to time and may experience similar outages in the future. For example, in November 2010, we experienced a significant service outage with our third-party reservation service provider on the day before Thanksgiving, one of the industry s busiest travel days and in August 2013, we experienced a 13-hour outage that affected our sales and customer service response times. We also rely on third-party service providers of our other automated systems for technical support, system maintenance and software upgrades. If our automated systems are not functioning or if the current providers were to fail to adequately provide technical support or timely software upgrades for any one of our key existing systems, we could experience service disruptions, which could harm our business and result in the loss of important data, increase our expenses and decrease our revenues. In the event that one or more of our primary technology or systems vendors goes into bankruptcy, ceases operations or fails to perform as promised, replacement services may not be readily available on a timely basis, at competitive rates or at all and any transition time to a new system may be significant. 
 In addition, our automated systems cannot be completely protected against events that are beyond our control, including natural disasters, cyber attacks, disruption of electrical grid or telecommunications failures. Substantial or sustained system failures could cause service delays or failures and result in our customers purchasing tickets from other airlines. We have implemented security measures and change control procedures and have disaster recovery plans; however, we cannot assure you that these measures are adequate to prevent disruptions. Disruption in, changes to or a breach of, these systems could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data. Moreover, in the event of system outages or interruptions, we may not be able to recover from our information technology and software providers all or any portion of the costs or business losses we may incur. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 31 

We are subject to cyber security risks and may incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize those risks. 
 Our business employs systems and websites that allow for the secure storage and transmission of proprietary or confidential information regarding our customers, employees, suppliers and others, including personal identification information, credit card data and other confidential information. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, litigation and potential liability. Although we take steps to secure our management information systems, and although auditors review and approve the security configurations and management processes of these systems, including our computer systems, intranet and internet sites, email and other telecommunications and data networks, the security measures we have implemented may not be effective, and our systems may be vulnerable to theft, loss, damage and interruption from a number of potential sources and events, including unauthorized access or security breaches, natural or man-made disasters, cyber attacks (including ransom attacks in which malicious persons encrypt our systems, steal data, or both, and demand payment for decryption of systems or to avoid public release of data), computer viruses, power loss or other disruptive events. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber attacks. Attacks may be targeted at us, our customers and suppliers, or others who have entrusted us with information. In addition, attacks not targeted at us, but targeted solely at suppliers, may cause disruption to our computer systems or a breach of the data that we maintain on customers, employees, suppliers and others. 
 Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us (and at times have caused us) to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants, or costs incurred in connection with the notifications to employees, suppliers or the general public as part of our notification obligations to the various governments that govern our business. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries, or other developments may result in the breach or compromise of technology used by us to protect transaction or other data. In addition, data and security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including breaches by us or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release of personal or confidential information. Our reputation, brand and financial condition could be adversely affected if, as a result of a significant cyber event or other security issues: our operations are disrupted or shut down; our confidential, proprietary information is stolen or disclosed; we incur costs or are required to pay fines in connection with stolen customer, employee or other confidential information; we must dedicate significant resources to system repairs or increase cyber security protection; or we otherwise incur significant litigation or other costs. 
 Our processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation. 
 In the processing of our customer transactions, we receive, process, transmit and store a large volume of identifiable personal data, including financial data such as credit card information. This data is increasingly subject to legislation and regulation, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and the Fair Accurate Credit Transparency Act and Payment Card Industry legislation, typically intended to protect the privacy of personal data that is collected, processed and transmitted. More generally, we rely on consumer confidence in the security of our system, including our website on which we sell the majority of our tickets. Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if we are unable to comply with existing privacy obligations or legislation or regulations are expanded to require changes in our business practices. 
 We may not be able to maintain or grow our non-ticket revenues. 
 Our business strategy includes expanding our portfolio of ancillary products and services. There can be no assurance that passengers will pay for additional ancillary products and services or that passengers will continue to choose to pay for the ancillary products and services we currently offer. Further, regulatory initiatives could adversely affect ancillary revenue opportunities. Failure to maintain our non-ticket revenues would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Please see Risks Related to Our Industry Restrictions on, or increased taxes applicable to, charges for ancillary products and services paid by airline passengers and burdensome consumer protection regulations or laws could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our inability to expand or operate reliably or efficiently out of our key airports where we maintain a large presence could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are highly dependent on markets served from airports where we maintain a large presence. Our results of operations may be affected by actions taken by governmental or other agencies or authorities having jurisdiction over our operations at airports, including, but not limited to: 
 increases in airport rates and charges; 
 limitations on take-off and landing slots, airport gate capacity or other use of airport facilities; 
 32 

termination of our airport use agreements, some of which can be terminated by airport authorities with little notice to us; 
 increases in airport capacity that could facilitate increased competition; 
 international travel regulations such as customs and immigration; 
 increases in taxes; 
 changes in the law that affect the services that can be offered by airlines in particular markets and at particular airports; 
 restrictions on competitive practices; 
 the adoption of statutes or regulations that impact customer service standards, including security standards; and 
 the adoption of more restrictive locally-imposed noise regulations or curfews. 
 In general, any changes in airport operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We rely on third-party service providers to perform functions integral to our operations. 
 We have entered into agreements with third-party service providers to furnish certain facilities and services required for our operations, including ground handling, catering, passenger handling, engineering, maintenance, refueling, reservations and airport facilities as well as administrative and support services. We are likely to enter into similar service agreements in new markets we decide to enter, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the necessary services at acceptable rates. 
 Although we seek to monitor the performance of third parties that provide us with our reservation system, ground handling, catering, passenger handling, engineering, maintenance services, refueling and airport facilities, the efficiency, timeliness and quality of contract performance by third-party service providers are often beyond our control, and any failure by our service providers to perform their contracts, including as a result of operational failures or a force majeure, due to the effects of COVID-19 or otherwise, may have an adverse impact on our business and operations. For example, in 2008, our call center provider went bankrupt. Though we were able to quickly switch to an alternative vendor, we experienced a significant business disruption during the transition period and a similar disruption could occur in the future if we changed call center providers or if an existing provider ceased to be able to serve us. We expect to be dependent on such third-party arrangements for the foreseeable future. 
 We rely on third-party distribution channels to distribute a portion of our airline tickets . 
 We rely on third-party distribution channels, including those provided by or through global distribution systems, or GDSs, conventional travel agents and online travel agents, or OTAs, to distribute a portion of our airline tickets, and we expect in the future to rely on these channels to an increasing extent to collect ancillary revenues. These distribution channels are more expensive and at present have less functionality in respect of ancillary revenues than those we operate ourselves, such as our call centers and our website. Certain of these distribution channels also effectively restrict the manner in which we distribute our products generally. To remain competitive, we will need to successfully manage our distribution costs and rights, and improve the functionality of third-party distribution channels, while maintaining an industry-competitive cost structure. Negotiations with key GDSs and OTAs designed to manage our costs, increase our distribution flexibility, and improve functionality could be contentious, could result in diminished or less favorable distribution of our tickets, and may not provide the functionality we require to maximize ancillary revenues. Any inability to manage our third-party distribution costs, rights and functionality at a competitive level or any material diminishment in the distribution of our tickets could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position and our results of operations. Moreover, our ability to compete in the markets we serve may be threatened by changes in technology or other factors that may make our existing third-party sales channels impractical, uncompetitive or obsolete. 
 Our reputation and business could be materially adversely affected in the event of an emergency, accident or similar incident involving our aircraft. 
 We are exposed to potential significant losses in the event that any of our aircraft is subject to an emergency, accident, terrorist incident or other similar incident, and significant costs related to passenger claims, repairs or replacement of a damaged aircraft and its temporary or permanent loss from service. There can be no assurance that we will not be affected by such events or that the amount of our insurance coverage will be adequate in the event such circumstances arise and any such event could 
 33 

cause a substantial increase in our insurance premiums. Please see Increases in insurance costs or significant reductions in coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any future aircraft emergency, accident or similar incident, even if fully covered by insurance or even if it does not involve our airline, may create a public perception that our airline or the equipment we fly is less safe or reliable than other transportation alternatives, or could cause us to perform time consuming and costly inspections on our aircraft or engines which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Negative publicity regarding our customer service or otherwise could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 In the past, we have experienced a relatively high number of customer complaints related to, among other things, our customer service and reservations and ticketing systems. In particular, we generally experience a higher volume of complaints when we make changes to our unbundling policies, such as charging for baggage. In addition, in 2009, we entered into a consent order with the DOT for our procedures for bumping passengers from oversold flights and our handling of lost or damaged baggage. Under the consent order, we were assessed a civil penalty of 375,000, of which we were required to pay 215,000 based on an agreement with the DOT and not having similar violations in the year after the date of the consent order. Further, media reports about incidents on our aircraft unrelated to customer complaints could negatively impact our reputation and our operations. If we do not meet our customers expectations with respect to reliability and service, customers could decide not to fly with us, which would materially adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 We depend on a limited number of suppliers for our aircraft and engines. 
 
 One of the elements of our business strategy is to save costs by operating a single-family aircraft fleet - currently Airbus A320-family, single-aisle aircraft, powered by engines manufactured by IAE and Pratt Whitney. If any of Airbus, IAE or Pratt Whitney become unable to perform its contractual obligations, or if we are unable to acquire or lease aircraft or engines from these or other owners, operators or lessors on acceptable terms, we would have to find other suppliers for a similar type of aircraft or engine. In late 2022, we were notified by Airbus that a number of the aircraft we originally had scheduled for delivery in 2023 will be delayed into 2024 and beyond. These delays have required us to reduce capacity expectations for the next year or so. If we have to lease or purchase aircraft from another supplier, we would lose the significant benefits we derive from our current single fleet composition. We may also incur substantial transition costs, including costs associated with retraining our employees, replacing our manuals and adapting our facilities and maintenance programs. Our operations could also be harmed by the failure or inability of aircraft, engine and parts suppliers to provide sufficient spare parts or related support services on a timely basis, particularly in connection with new-generation introductory technology. Our business would be significantly harmed if a design defect or mechanical problem with any of the types of aircraft, engines or components currently on order or that we operate were discovered that would halt or delay our aircraft delivery stream or that would ground any of our aircraft while the defect or problem was corrected, assuming it could be corrected at all. Since the addition of A320neo aircraft in 2016, we had experienced introductory issues with the new-generation PW1100G engines, designed and manufactured by Pratt Whitney, which had previously resulted in diminished service availability of such aircraft. Beginning in the second half of 2020, the A320neo aircraft fleet reliability had stabilized and the PW1100G engine technical issues had improved. However, beginning in the second half of 2022, we began experiencing reliability issues with the PW1100G engines once again resulting in diminished service availability of aircraft. Supply chain delivery issues and limited capacity at engine maintenance, repair, and overhaul MRO shops available to service PW1100G engines have resulted in extended turnaround time to perform the modifications required to improve the reliability of these engines. These impacts are expected to continue throughout 2023, until supply chain and engine MRO shop capacity returns to required levels to support our growth. 
 
 We cannot be certain that new technical issues may be mitigated given the relatively short life these engines have been in service. We continuously work with the engine manufacturer to secure support and relief in connection with possible engine related operation disruptions. Should appropriate design or mechanical modifications not be implemented or not be effective, this could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. These types of events, if appropriate design or mechanical modifications cannot be implemented, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, the use of our aircraft could be suspended or restricted by regulatory authorities in the event of actual or perceived mechanical or design problems. Our business would also be significantly harmed if the public began to avoid flying with us due to an adverse perception of the types of aircraft, engines or components that we operate stemming from safety concerns or other problems, whether real or perceived, or in the event of an accident involving those types of aircraft, engines or components. Carriers that operate a more diversified fleet are better positioned than we are to manage such events. 
 Reduction in demand for air transportation, or governmental reduction or limitation of operating capacity, in the domestic U.S., Caribbean or Latin American markets could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 34 

A significant portion of our operations are conducted to and from the domestic U.S., Caribbean or Latin American markets. Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed if we lost our authority to fly to these markets, by any circumstances causing a reduction in demand for air transportation, or by governmental reduction or limitation of operating capacity, in these markets, such as adverse changes in local economic or political conditions, negative public perception of these destinations, unfavorable weather conditions, public health concerns or terrorist-related activities. Furthermore, our business could be harmed if jurisdictions that currently limit competition allow additional airlines to compete on routes we serve. Many of the countries we serve are experiencing either economic slowdowns or recessions, which may translate into a weakening of demand and could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Increases in insurance costs or significant reductions in coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We carry insurance for third-party liability, passenger liability, property damage and all-risk coverage for damage to our aircraft. As a result of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, aviation insurers significantly reduced the amount of insurance coverage available to commercial air carriers for liability to persons other than employees or passengers for claims resulting from acts of terrorism, war or similar events (war risk insurance). Accordingly, our insurance costs increased significantly and our ability to continue to obtain certain types of insurance remains uncertain. While the price of commercial insurance has declined since the period immediately after the terrorist attacks, in the event commercial insurance carriers further reduce the amount of insurance coverage available to us, or significantly increase its cost, we would be adversely affected. We currently maintain commercial airline insurance with several underwriters. However, there can be no assurance that the amount of such coverage will not be changed, or that we will not bear substantial losses from accidents. We could incur substantial claims resulting from an accident in excess of related insurance coverage that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Renewing coverage may result in higher premiums and more restrictive terms. Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to obtain adequate insurance. 
 Failure to comply with applicable environmental regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and ordinances relating to the protection of the environment, including those relating to emissions to the air, discharges to surface and subsurface waters, safe drinking water and the management of hazardous substances, oils and waste materials. Compliance with all environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures and any future regulatory developments in the United States and abroad could adversely affect operations and increase operating costs in the airline industry. For example, climate change legislation was previously introduced in Congress and such legislation could be re-introduced in the future by Congress and state legislatures, and could contain provisions affecting the aviation industry, compliance with which could result in the creation of substantial additional costs to us. Similarly, the EPA issued a rule that regulates larger emitters of greenhouse gases. Future operations and financial results may vary as a result of such regulations. Compliance with these regulations and new or existing regulations that may be applicable to us in the future could increase our cost base and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 There is also an increasing international focus on climate change, carbon emissions and environmental regulation. The principal deputy assistant secretary for aviation and international affairs at the DOT spent the last 25 years working on international aviation climate change policy at Environmental Defense Fund. This may signal increased emphasis on new environmental regulation on commercial aviation. 
 
 Members of the International Civil Aviation Organization ICAO have been negotiating a global agreement in greenhouse gas emissions for the aviation industry. In October 2016, the ICAO adopted the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation CORSIA ), which is a global, market-based emissions offset program designed to encourage carbon-neutral growth beyond 2020. Further, in June 2018 the ICAO adopted standards pertaining to the collection and sharing of information in international aviation emissions beginning in 2019. We are a participant in the CORSIA program. The CORSIA will increase operating costs for Spirit and other U.S. airlines that operate internationally. The CORSIA is being implemented in phases beginning with a voluntary pilot which began in 2021 and will continue through 2023. The COVID-19 pandemic has depressed international aviation such that 2020 emissions will not be included in setting a baseline. Airlines will have until January 2025 to cancel eligible emissions units to comply with their total offsetting requirements for the pilot phase. From 2021, all flights will be subject to offsetting with certain exceptions. Certain details are still being developed and the impact cannot be fully predicted. Compliance with CORSIA could significantly increase our operating costs. The potential impact of CORSIA or other emissions-related requirements on our costs will ultimately depend on a number of factors, including baseline emissions, the price of emission allowances or offsets that we would need to acquire, the efficiency of our fleet and the number of flights subject to these requirements. These costs have not been completely defined and could fluctuate. 
 35 

Governmental authorities in several U.S. and foreign cities are also considering or have already implemented aircraft noise reduction programs, including the imposition of nighttime curfews and limitations on daytime take-offs and landings. We have been able to accommodate local noise restrictions imposed to date, but our operations could be adversely affected if locally-imposed regulations become more restrictive or widespread. 
 If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel or fail to maintain our company culture, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 
 Our business is labor intensive. We require large numbers of pilots, flight attendants, maintenance technicians and other personnel. The airline industry has from time to time experienced a shortage of qualified personnel, particularly with respect to pilots and maintenance technicians. In addition, we currently face, and may continue to face, high employee turnover, including with respect to our pilots. We may be required to increase wages and/or benefits in order to attract and retain qualified personnel. If we are unable to hire, train and retain qualified employees, our operations and business could be harmed and we may be unable to implement our growth plans. Since 2021, we have experienced a shortage of qualified workers as the U.S. labor market tightened, in particular shortages of qualified pilots. As a result, our operations were negatively impacted and our labor costs have increased substantially in 2021 and 2022, and we expect to continue to face labor shortages and higher costs in 2023. 
 
 In addition, as we hire more people and grow, we believe it may be increasingly challenging to continue to hire people who will maintain our company culture. Our company culture, which we believe is one of our competitive strengths, is important to providing high-quality customer service and having a productive, accountable workforce that helps keep our costs low. As we continue to grow, we may be unable to identify, hire or retain enough people who meet the above criteria, including those in management or other key positions. Our company culture could otherwise be adversely affected by our growing operations and geographic diversity. If we fail to maintain the strength of our company culture, our competitive ability and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 
 Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected if we lose the services of our key personnel. 
 
 Our success depends to a significant extent upon the efforts and abilities of our senior management team and key financial and operating personnel. In particular, we depend on the services of our senior management team. Competition for highly qualified personnel is intense. For example, the executive compensation limitations under the PSP programs may hinder our ability to retain our executive officers or other key employees. The loss of any executive officer or other key employee without adequate replacement or the inability to attract new qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We do not maintain key-person life insurance on our management team. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements. We also have incurred and will continue to incur costs associated with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, the Dodd-Frank Act and related rules implemented or to be implemented by the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange. The expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees, or as our executive officers and may divert management s attention. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 

Risks Related to Our Programs 
 
 The success of the Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club program depend on the success of the Company. 
 
 36 

The Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club program depend on our continued success as a commercial airline and our continued performance under certain Free Spirit Agreements. The success or failure of our business will have a direct impact the success and the value of the Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club program. 
 
 Business decisions made by the Company, including with respect to ticket prices, routes, the location of hubs, cabin designs, safety procedures, any initiatives to retain customers and otherwise, could have an adverse impact on our appeal to air travelers, which could negatively affect participation in the Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club program, damage our reputation or harm our relationships with the Free Spirit Partners. For instance, certain business decisions may negatively adjust the rate at which points are purchased by third parties under the terms of the applicable Free Spirit Agreement, and decisions by the Company with respect to mergers, divestitures or other corporate events may provide for termination rights of third parties under Free Spirit Agreements, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the financial and operational success, as well as the appraised value of the Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club program. 
 
 The success of the Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club program may be harmed by decisions or actions of our partners that are beyond our control. 
 
 The Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club program depend in part on the decisions or actions of our partners. For example, issuers of our co-branded credit cards have certain rights to alter terms and conditions of the credit card accounts of their customers, including finance charges and other fees and required minimum monthly payments, in order to maintain their competitive position in the credit card industry or to comply with, among other things, regulatory guidelines, relevant law or prudent business practices. Changes in the terms of such credit card accounts may reduce the number of new accounts, the volume of credit card spend or negatively impact account retention, which in turn may reduce the number of points accrued and sold or impact the Free Spirit Program. Although issuers of our co-branded credit cards may consult the Company prior to implementing any such changes, no assurance can be given that issuers of our co-branded credit cards will not take actions that adversely affect the success of Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club program. 
 
 Covenant restrictions on the Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club program in our debt agreements will impose restrictions on our operations, and if we are not able to comply with such covenants, our creditors could accelerate our indebtedness or exercise other remedies. 
 
 The covenants in the indenture governing the Secured Notes contains a number of provisions that impose restrictions on the Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club program which, subject to certain exceptions, limit the ability of the Company to, among other things, amend the policies and procedures of the Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club program in a manner that would be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect, compete with the Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club by establishing another mileage or loyalty program (subject to certain exceptions) and sell pre-paid miles in excess of 25.0 million annually and 125.0 million in the aggregate. The indenture contains additional restrictions on the Free Spirit Program and the Spirit Saver Club program, including the ability to terminate or modify certain licenses and certain material Free Spirit Agreements. The indenture also requires Spirit to maintain a minimum liquidity of at least 400.0 million on a daily basis. Such covenants are in addition to the other restrictions in the indenture, such as restrictions on the ability of the issuers and guarantors of the Secured Notes to make restricted payments, incur additional indebtedness, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, create or inc ur certain liens on the collateral, merge, consolidate, or sell assets, sell, transfer or otherwise convey the collateral and designate certain subsidiaries as unrestricted. 
 
 Complying with these covenants and other restrictive covenants that may be contained in any future debt agreements will limit our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of business opportunities that are in our long-term interest. 
 
 The failure to comply with any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default under the indenture governing the Secured Notes or any future debt agreement, which could lead to an acceleration of the debt under such instruments and, in some cases, the acceleration of debt under other instruments that contain cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. In the case of an event of default, or in the event of a cross-default or cross-acceleration, we may not have sufficient funds available to make the required payments under our debt agreements. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Leverage and Liquidity 
 We have a significant amount of aircraft-related fixed obligations and we have incurred, and may incur in the future, significant additional debt, that could impair our liquidity and thereby harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 37 

The airline business is capital intensive and, as a result, many airline companies are highly leveraged. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,870.7 million in aircraft-related debt and 1,771.7 million of other long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheet. In 2022 and 2021, we made scheduled principal payments of 193.0 million and 470.0 million on our outstanding debt obligations, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had future principal debt obligations of 3.6 billion, of which 336.6 million is due in 2023. 
 
 In 2022 and 2021, we paid the lessors rent of 286.0 million and 252.2 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had future aircraft and spare engine operating lease obligations of approximately 4.0 billion. 
 
 In addition, we have significant obligations for aircraft and spare engines that we have ordered from Airbus, IAE, and Pratt Whitney for delivery over the next several years. 
 
 Our ability to pay the fixed and other costs associated with our contractual obligations will depend on our operating performance, cash flow and our ability to secure adequate financing, which will in turn depend on, among other things, the success of our current business strategy, fuel price volatility, weakening or improvement in the U.S. economy, as well as general economic and political conditions and other factors that are beyond our control. The amount of our aircraft-related fixed obligations, our obligations under our other debt arrangements, and the related need to obtain financing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and could: 
 require a substantial portion of cash flow from operations for operating lease and maintenance deposit payments, and principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 
 limit our ability to make required pre-delivery deposit payments, or PDPs, including those payable to our aircraft and engine manufacturers for our aircraft and spare engines on order; 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing to support our expansion plans and for working capital and other purposes on acceptable terms or at all; 
 make it more difficult for us to pay our other obligations as they become due during adverse general economic and market industry conditions because any related decrease in revenues could cause us to have insufficient cash flows from operations to make our scheduled payments; 
 reduce our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the airline industry and, consequently, place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors with fewer fixed payment obligations or which are subject to fewer limitations or restrictions; and 
 cause us to lose access to one or more aircraft and forfeit our rent deposits if we are unable to make our required aircraft lease rental and debt payments and our lessors or lenders exercise their remedies under the lease and debt agreements, including cross default provisions in certain of our leases and mortgages. 
 A failure to pay our operating lease, debt and other fixed cost obligations or a breach of our contractual obligations could result in a variety of adverse consequences, including the exercise of remedies by our creditors and lessors. In such a situation, it is unlikely that we would be able to cure our breach, fulfill our obligations, make required lease or debt payments or otherwise cover our fixed costs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Downgrades in our credit ratings could increase future debt financing costs and limit the future availability of debt financing. 
 
 Our credit ratings are important to our cost and availability of capital. The major rating agencies routinely evaluate our credit profile and assign credit ratings to us. This evaluation is based on a number of factors, which include financial strength, business and financial risk, transparency with rating agencies, and timeliness of financial reporting. We have recently experienced downgrades in our credit ratings based on our increased level of credit risk as a result of the financial impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and a recent deterioration in the general macroeconomic environment. Our credit rating was downgraded by Fitch to BB- and again to B+ in April 2020 and November 2022, respectively, and by S P Global to B in June 2020. In September 2022, the credit rating of our Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust Certificates Series 2015-1 Class C and our Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust Certificates Series 2017-1 Class C was downgraded by Fitch from BBB to BBB-. In June 2020, the credit ratings of our Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust Certificates Series 2017-1 Class A and B were downgraded by S P Global to BBB and BB-, respectively. In November 2022, the credit ratings of our Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 
 38 

Certificates Series 2015-1 Class B and Series 2017-1 Class B were downgraded by Fitch to BBB- from BBB, respectively. In November 2020, the credit ratings of our Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust Certificates Series 2017-1 Class AA and C were downgraded by S P Global to AA- and BB, respectively. If our credit ratings were to be further downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to our ratings leve ls, the airline industry, or us, it could increase future debt financing costs and limit the future availability of debt financing, which would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Despite our current indebtedness levels, we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, which could further increase the risks associated with our leverage. 
 
 We may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness, including additional secured indebtedness, in the future. Our debt agreements do not prohibit us from incurring additional unsecured indebtedness or certain secured indebtedness. If other such indebtedness is incurred in the future, our debt service obligations will increase. The more leveraged we become, the more we will be exposed to the risks created by our current substantial indebtedness. 
 
 Our ability to incur secured indebtedness is subject to compliance with certain covenants in the indenture governing the Secured Notes and, in certain circumstances, the liens securing such additional indebtedness will be permitted to be pari passu with the liens securing the Secured Notes. 
 
 To the extent that the terms of our current or future debt agreements would prevent us from incurring additional indebtedness, we may be able to obtain amendments to those agreements that would allow us to incur such additional indebtedness, and such additional indebtedness could be material. 
 
 For additional information, refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 12. Debt and Other Obligations and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 9. Equity. 
 
 We are highly dependent upon our cash balances and operating cash flows. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have a revolving credit facility, maturing in 2024, for up to 300.0 million which was undrawn and available as of December 31, 2022 . For additional information, refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 12. Debt and Other Obligations. This credit facility is not adequate to finance our operations, and we will continue to be dependent on our operating cash flows and cash balances to fund our operations and to make scheduled payments on our aircraft-related fixed obligations. In addition, we have sought, and may continue to seek, financing from other available sources to fund our operations in order to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on our financial position and operations, including through the payroll support program or loan program with the Treasury and offerings of our common stock, Secured Notes and Convertible Notes. For additional information, refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 12. Debt and Other Obligations and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 9. Equity. In addition, our credit card processors are entitled to with hold receipts from customer purchases from us, under certain circumstances. Although our credit card processors currently do not have a right to hold back credit card receipts to cover repayment to customers, if we fail to maintain certain liquidity and other financial covenants, their rights to holdback would be reinstated, which would result in a reduction of unrestricted cash that could be material. In addition, we are required by some of our aircraft lessors to fund reserves in cash in advance for scheduled maintenance, and a portion of our cash is therefore unavailable until after we have completed the scheduled maintenance in accordance with the terms of the operating leases. If we fail to generate sufficient funds from operations to meet our operating cash requirements or do not obtain a line of credit, other borrowing facility or equity financing, we could default on our operating lease and fixed obligations. Our inability to meet our obligations as they become due would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our net operating losses may be limited for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 If a corporation with net operating losses NOLs undergoes an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), then such corporation s use of such pre-change NOLs to offset income incurred following such ownership change generally will be subject to an annual limitation specified in Section 382 of the Code. Such limitation also may apply to certain losses or deductions that are built-in (i.e., attributable to periods prior to the ownership change, but not yet taken into account for tax purposes) as of the date of the ownership change that are subsequently recognized. An ownership change generally occurs when there is either (i) a shift in ownership involving one or 
 39 

more 5 shareholders, or (ii) an equity structure shift and, as a result, the percentage of stock of the corporation owned by one or more 5 shareholders (based on value) has increased by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of stock of the corporation owned by such shareholders during the testing period (generally the three years preceding the testing date). If the use of our net operating losses to offset our income is subject to such an annual limitation, it is possible that our cash flows, business operations or financial conditions could be adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Our Securities 
 
 The issuance or sale of shares of our common stock, or rights to acquire shares of our common stock, or warrants issued to the Treasury under the PSP, PSP2 or PSP3, could depress the trading price of our common stock and Convertible Notes. 
 
 We may conduct future offerings of our common stock, preferred stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common stock to finance our operations o r fund acquisitions, or for other purposes. In connection with our participation in the PSP, PSP2 and PSP3, we issued to the Treasury 739,089 warrants which may be exercised for shares of our common stock in consideration for the receipt of funding from the Treasury. See Risks Related to Recent Events We have agreed to certain restrictions on our business by accepting financing under the legislation enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, in 2020 we issued 9,000,000 shares pursuant to our ATM Program and in 2021 we completed the registered direct placement of 10,594,073 shares of our voting common stock . Furth er, we reserve shares of our common stock for future issuance under our equity incentive plans, which shares are eligible for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of various agreements and, to the extent held by affiliates, the volume and manner of sale restrictions of Rule 144. If these additional shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, into the public market, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. The indenture for the 4.750 convertible senior notes due 2025 (the 2025 Convertible Notes and the 1.00 convertible senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Convertible Notes , and together with the 2025 Convertible Notes, the Convertible Notes does not restrict our ability to issue additional equity securities in the future. If we issue additional shares of our common stock or rights to acquire shares of our common stock, if any of our existing stockholders sells a substantial amount of our common stock, or if the market perceives that such issuances or sales may occur, then the trading price of our common stock, and, accordingly, the Convertible Notes, may significantly decline. In addition, any issuance of additional shares of common stock will dilute the ownership interests of our existing common stockholders, including holders of our Convertible Notes who have received shares of our common stock upon conversion of their Convertible Notes. 
 
 Conversion of the Convertible Notes may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, including holders of the Convertible Notes who have previously converted their Convertible Notes. 
 
 At our election, we may settle Convertible Notes tendered for conversion partly or, in the case of the 2025 Convertible Notes, entirely, in shares of our common stock. As a result, the conversion of some or all of the Convertible Notes may dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders. Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion of the Convertible Notes could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock and, in turn, the price of the Convertible Notes. In addition, the existence of the Convertible Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the Convertible Notes could depress the price of our common stock. 
 
 Provisions in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of us. 
 
 Certain provisions in the Convertible Notes and the indenture governing the Convertible Notes could make the Merger or another third party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover, including the Merger, constitutes a fundamental change, then holders of the Convertible Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase their notes for cash. In addition, if a takeover, including the Merger, constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, then we may be required to temporarily increase the conversion rate. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the Convertible Notes and the indenture governing the Convertible Notes could increase the cost of the Merger or acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that holders of the Convertible Notes or holders of our common stock may view as favorable. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile, which could cause the value of an investment in our stock to decline. 
 40 

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 the severity, extent and duration of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and credit ratings, as well as on the travel industry and consumer spending more broadly, the actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus, the effectiveness of our cost reduction and liquidity preservation measures, and the speed and extent of the recovery across the broader travel industry; 
 announcements concerning our competitors, the airline industry or the economy in general; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 
 increased price competition; 
 media reports and publications about the safety of our aircraft or the aircraft type we operate; 
 new regulatory pronouncements and changes in regulatory guidelines; 
 changes in the price of aircraft fuel; 
 announcements concerning the availability of the type of aircraft we use; 
 general and industry-specific economic conditions, including the level of inflation; 
 changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts or failure to meet analysts performance expectations; 
 sales of our common stock or other actions by investors with significant shareholdings; 
 trading strategies related to changes in fuel or oil prices; and 
 general market, political and economic conditions, including as a result of the efficacy of, ability to administer and extent of adoption of any COVID-19 vaccines domestically and globally. 
 The stock markets in general have experienced substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These types of broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 In the past, stockholders have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. Any similar litigation against us could result in substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources and harm our business or results of operations. 
 
 We may be unable to purchase the Secured Notes or the Convertible Notes upon the occurrence of an applicable change of control or other event. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of a Parent Change of Control, as defined in the indenture governing the Secured Notes, the issuers of the Secured Notes would be required to offer to purchase such notes for cash at a price equal to 101 of their aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the repurchase date. Additionally, holders of the Convertible Notes may require us to repurchase their notes following a fundamental change, as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes, at a cash repurchase price generally equal to the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion, we will satisfy part or all of our conversion obligation in cash unless we elect to settle conversions solely in shares of our common stock. 
 
 Applicable law, regulatory authorities and the agreements governing our other indebtedness may restrict our ability to repurchase the Secured Notes or Convertible Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. Moreover, the exercise by holders of the Secured Notes or Convertible Notes of the right to require the issuers to repurchase their respective notes, or the failure to repurchase such notes, could cause a default under our other debt, even if the event itself does not result in a default under such debt, due to the financial effect of such repurchase. In addition, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase the Convertible Notes or the Secured Notes, or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. Therefore, we cannot assure you that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. 
 
 41 

In addition, the indenture governing the Secured Notes sets forth certain Mandatory Prepayment Events, as defined in the indenture governing the Secured Notes. Upon the occurrence of any such Mandatory Prepayment Event, we would be required to prepay the Secured Notes pro rata to the extent of any net cash proceeds received in connection with such event, at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount to be redeemed plus an applicable premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, the prepayment date. Our failure to complete any such mandatory prepayment would result in a default under the indenture governing the Secured Notes. Such a default may, in turn, constitute a default under any other of our debt agreements that may then be outstanding. 
 
 Finally, the indenture governing the Secured Notes sets forth certain Mandatory Repurchase Offer Events, as defined in the indenture governing the Secured Notes. Upon the occurrence of any such Mandatory Repurchase Offer Event, we would be required to offer to repurchase the Secured Notes pro rata to the extent of any net cash proceeds received in connection with such event, at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount to be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Our failure to discharge this obligation would result in a default under the indenture governing the Secured Notes. Such a default may, in turn, constitute a default under other of our debt agreements that may then be outstanding. 
 
 The indenture governing the Secured Notes impose certain restrictions which may adversely affect our business and liquidity. 
 
 The indenture governing the Secured Notes imposes certain restrictions on the issuers of the Secured Notes and certain guarantors. These restrictions limit their ability to, among other things: (i) make restricted payments, (ii) incur additional indebtedness, (iii) create certain liens on the collateral, (iv) sell or otherwise dispose of the collateral and (v) consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the issuers assets, among other restrictions. As a result of these restrictions, we may be limited in how we conduct our business, in our ability to compete effectively or in our ability to implement changes or take advantage of business opportunities including by making strategic acquisitions, investments or all iances, restructuring our organization or financing capital needs that would be in our interest. We may also be unable to raise additional indebtedness or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 Our anti-takeover provisions may delay or prevent a change of control, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make it difficult to remove our board of directors and management and may discourage or delay change of control transactions, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. These provisions include, among others: 
 our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving for a staggered three-year term, which prevents stockholders from electing an entirely new board of directors at an annual meeting; 
 actions to be taken by our stockholders may only be effected at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders and not by written consent; 
 special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by the Chairman of the Board or by our corporate secretary at the direction of our board of directors; and 
 advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors and propose matters to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 
 Our corporate charter and bylaws include provisions limiting voting by non-U.S. citizens and specifying an exclusive forum for stockholder disputes. 
 42 

To comply with restrictions imposed by federal law on foreign ownership of U.S. airlines, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws restrict voting of shares of our common stock by non-U.S. citizens. The restrictions imposed by federal law currently require that no more than 25 of our stock be voted, directly or indirectly, by persons who are not U.S. citizens, and that our president and at least two-thirds of the members of our board of directors and senior management be U.S. citizens. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the failure of non-U.S. citizens to register their shares on a separate stock record, which we refer to as the foreign stock record, would result in a suspension of their voting rights in the event that the aggregate foreign ownership of the outstanding common stock exceeds the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that no shares of our common stock will be registered on the foreign stock record if the amount so registered would exceed the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law. If it is determined that the amount registered in the foreign stock record exceeds the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law, shares will be removed from the foreign stock record in reverse chronological order based on the date of registration therein, until the number of shares registered therein does not exceed the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law. As of December 31, 2022, we believe we were in compliance with the foreign ownership rules. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there are no shares of non-voting common stock outstanding. When shares of non-voting common stock are outstanding, the holders of such stock may convert such shares, on a share-for-share basis, in the order reflected on our foreign stock record as shares of common stock are sold or otherwise transferred by non-U.S. citizens to U.S. citizens. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also specifies that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders. Because the applicability of the exclusive forum provision is limited to the extent permitted by applicable law, we do not intend for the exclusive forum provision to apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction, and acknowledge that federal courts have concurrent jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act. We note that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce the provision as it applies to the Securities Act and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. This provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to finance the further development and expansion of our business and fund share repurchases under programs approved by our Board of Directors. We do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The Merger Agreement restricts us from declaring or paying dividends without JetBlue's consent until the Merger is completed or the Merger Agreement is terminated. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in current or future financing instruments, business prospects and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. The timing of any share repurchases under share repurchase programs will depend upon market conditions, our capital allocation strategy and other factors. Additionally, the Merger Agreement restricts us from repurchasing shares of our common stock without JetBlue s consent until the Merger is completed or the Merger Agreement is terminated. 
 43 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Aircraft 
 As of December 31, 2022, we operated a fleet of 194 aircraft as detailed in the following table: 
 Aircraft Type Seats Average Age (years) Number of Aircraft Number Owned (1) 
 Number Leased A319 145 16.3 31 29 2 A320ceo 182 8.2 64 36 28 A320neo 182 2.1 69 11 58 A321 228 6.0 30 30 7.0 194 106 88 
 (1) Includes one aircraft recorded as a failed sale-leaseback. Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 12. Debt and Other Obligations" and " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 13. Leases " for additional information. 
 On December 20, 2019, we entered into an A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement with Airbus for the purchase of 100 new Airbus A320neo family aircraft, with options to purchase up to 50 additional aircraft. This agreement includes a mix of Airbus A319neo, A320neo and A321neo aircraft with such aircraft scheduled for delivery through 2027. As of December 31, 2022, our firm aircraft orders consisted of 109 A320 family aircraft with Airbus, includ ing A319neos, A320neos and A321neos, with deliveries expected through 2027. As of December 31, 2022, we had secured financing for 11 aircraft, scheduled for delivery from Airbus through 2024, which will be financed through sale leaseback transactions. In addition, we had 35 direct operating leases for A320neos and A321neos with third-party lessors, with deliveries expected through 2024. During the third quarter of 2021, we entered into an Engine Purchase Support Agreement which requires us to purchase a certain number of spare engines in order to maintain a contractual ratio of spare engines to aircraft in the fleet. As of December 31, 2022 , we were committed to purchase 19 PW1100G-JM spare engines, with deliveries through 2027. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we made the decision to accelerate the retirement of 29 of our A319 aircraft. These A319 aircraft had an average age of 16.3 years as of December 31, 2022. Excluding the A319 aircraft to be sold, the average age of our fleet would have been 5.2 years as of December 31, 2022. In addition, we are scheduled to take delivery of 144 new Airbus A320-family aircraft through 2027, potentially making ours the youngest fleet in the United States. Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for additional information. 
 Ground Facilities 
 We lease all of our facilities at each of the airports we serve, with the exception of our aircraft maintenance hangar in Detroit, which we own and operate on leased land. Our leases for terminal passenger service facilities, which include ticket counter and gate space, operations support areas and baggage service offices, generally have a term ranging from month-to-month to 24 years, and contain provisions for periodic adjustments of lease rates. We also are responsible for maintenance, insurance and other facility-related expenses and services. We also have entered into use agreements at the airports we serve that provide for the non-exclusive use of runways, taxiways and other airfield facilities. Landing fees paid under these agreements are based on the number of landings and weight of the aircraft. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Ft. Lauderdale/Hollywood International Airport (FLL) remained our single largest airport served, with approximately 23 of our capacity operating through FLL during 2022. We operate primarily out of Terminals 3 4 at FLL. We currently use up to thirteen gates simultaneously at Terminal 3 and Terminal 4. We have preferential access to six of the Terminal 4 gates, preferential access to four of the Terminal 3 gates, common use access to the four airport controlled Terminal 4 gates, and common use access to the one airport controlled Terminal 3 gate. Other airports through which we conduct significant operations include Orlando International Airport (MCO), McCarran International Airport (LAS) and Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). 
 
 Our largest maintenance facility is a hangar currently located at DTW. The lease with the DTW airport authority expires in September 2032. Our second largest maintenance facility is a hangar and warehouse currently located at IAH. We also conduct additional maintenance operations in leased facilities in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Chicago, Illinois; Atlantic City, New Jersey; Dallas, Texas; Las Vegas, Nevada; Orlando, Florida; Atlanta, Georgia; Myrtle Beach, South Carolina; Fort Myers, 
 44 

Florida; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Baltimore, Maryland; Latrobe, Pennsylvania; Miami, Florida; Tampa, Florida; New Orleans, Louisiana and Los Angeles, California. 
 Our principal executive offices and headquarters are located in a leased facility at 2800 Executive Way, Miramar, Florida 33025, consisting of approximately 56,000 square feet. The lease for this facility expires in January 2025. In January 2014, we expanded our principal executive offices and headquarters by leasing an additional facility located at 2844 Corporate Way, Miramar, Florida 33025, consisting of approximately 15,000 square feet. The lease for this facility expires in January 2025. In March 2018, we added approximately 26,000 square feet of office space at 2877-2899 N Commerce Parkway, Miramar, FL 33025 to further support the corporate headquarters. In September 2021, the lease on this space was extended an additional year on substantially the same terms and expires on February 29, 2024. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2019, we purchased an 8.5-acre parcel of land and entered into a 99-year lease agreement for the lease of a 2.6-acre parcel of land, in Dania Beach, Florida, where we are building a new headquarters campus and a 200-unit residential building. During the first quarter of 2022, we began building our new headquarters campus and a 200-unit residential building with an expected completion during the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are subject to commercial litigation claims and to administrative and regulatory proceedings and reviews that may be asserted or maintained from time to time. We believe the ultimate outcome of pending lawsuits, proceedings and reviews will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity, or results of operations. 
 In 2017, a purported class action lawsuit was filed against us in the Eastern District of New York, styled Cox, et al. v. Spirit Airlines, Inc. , alleging state-law claims of breach of contract, unjust enrichment and fraud relating to our practice of charging fees for ancillary products and services. The original action was dismissed by the District Court, however, following the plaintiff s appeal to the Second Circuit, the case was remanded to the District Court for further review on the breach of contract claim. A hearing on our Motion for Summary Judgment and plaintiff s Motion for Class Certification was held on December 10, 2021. The Court granted the plaintiff s class certification motion on March 29, 2022. We subsequently filed a motion for reconsideration on April 26, 2022 and an oral argument was held on May 19, 2022. We intend to vigorously defend against this lawsuit. As of December 31, 2022, the potential outcomes of these claims cannot be determined and an estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss cannot be made. 
 Following an audit by the IRS related to the collection of federal excise taxes on optional passenger seat selection charges covering the second quarter of 2018 through the fourth quarter of 2020, on March 31, 2022, we were assessed 34.9 million. On July 19, 2022, the assessment was reduced to 27.5 million. We believe the assessment is without merit and intend to challenge the assessment; therefore, we have not recognized a loss contingency. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 45 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is listed and traded on the NYSE under the symbol "SAVE." As of January 27, 2023, there were approximately 69 holders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by the holders. 
 The information under the caption Equity Compensation Plan Information in our 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid, and do not anticipate declaring or paying, any cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Our Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table reflects our repurchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022. Repurchases of equity securities during the period include repurchases made from employees who received restricted stock and performance share awards. All employee stock repurchases were made at the election of each employee pursuant to an offer to repurchase by us. In each case, the shares repurchased constituted the portion of vested shares necessary to satisfy tax withholding requirements. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under Plans or Programs October 1-31, 2022 814 19.04 November 1-30, 2022 December 1-31, 2022 27,420 19.57 Total 28,234 19.56 
 During the first three quarters of 2022, we repurchased approximately 78 thousand shares for a total of 1.8 million. Repurchases of equity securities during this period include repurchases made from employees who received restricted stock awards or performance share awards. 
 46 

Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return on the the NYSE ARCA Airline Index and the S P 500 Index for the period beginning on December 31, 2017 and ending on December 31, 2022. The graph assumes an investment of 100 in our stock and the two indices, respectively, on December 31, 2017, and further assumes the reinvestment of all dividends. Stock price performance, presented for the period from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022, is not necessarily indicative of future results. 
 
 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Spirit 100.00 129.14 89.88 54.52 48.72 43.43 NYSE ARCA Airline Index 100.00 78.60 96.47 73.09 71.82 46.73 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.61 125.70 148.81 191.48 156.77 
 
 47 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 Not applicable. 
 
 48 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report. Our discussion and analysis of fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 is included herein. Unless expressly stated otherwise, for discussion and analysis of fiscal year 2020 items and fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, please refer to Item 7 of Part II, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on February 8, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We evaluate our financial performance utilizing various accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, including Adjusted CASM and Adjusted CASM ex-fuel. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided as supplemental information to the financial information presented in this annual report that is calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and these non-GAAP financial measures are presented because management believes that they supplement or enhance management s, analysts and investors overall understanding of our underlying financial performance and trends and facilitate comparisons among current, past and future periods. 
 Because the non-GAAP financial measures are not calculated in accordance with GAAP, they should not be considered superior to and are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP financial measures presented in this annual report and may not be the same as or comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies due to possible differences in the method of calculation and in the items being adjusted. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. 
 The information below provides an explanation of certain adjustments reflected in the non-GAAP financial measures and shows a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures reported in this annual report to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Within the financial tables presented, certain columns and rows may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. Per unit amounts presented are calculated from the underlying amounts. 
 Operating expenses per available seat mile CASM is a common metric used in the airline industry to measure an airline s cost structure and efficiency. We exclude loss on disposal of assets, special charges (credits), federal excise tax recovery adjustments and accelerated depreciation to determine Adjusted CASM. We believe that also excluding aircraft fuel and related taxes ("Adjusted CASM ex-fuel") from certain measures is useful to investors because it provides an additional measure of management s performance excluding the effects of a significant cost item over which management has limited influence and increases comparability with other airlines that also provide a similar metric. 

2022 Year in Review 
 Termination of Frontier Merger 
 On July 27, 2022, Spirit, Frontier Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation Frontier ), and Top Gun Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Frontier Frontier Merger Sub ), entered into a Termination Agreement (the Termination Agreement ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to terminate the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 5, 2022 (as amended on June 2, 2022 and June 24, 2022, the Frontier Merger Agreement ), among Spirit, Frontier and Frontier Merger Sub, effective immediately. Under the terms of the Termination Agreement, Spirit paid 25.0 million in cash to Frontier for Frontier s reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (the Frontier Expenses ). 
 
 Announcement of JetBlue Merger 
 
 On July 28, 2022, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with JetBlue Airways Corporation, a Delaware corporation JetBlue ), and Sundown Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of JetBlue Merger Sub ), pursuant to which and subject to the terms and conditions therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Spirit, with Spirit continuing as the surviving entity (the Merger ). As a result of the Merger, each existing share of Spirit's common stock (except for dissenting shares, treasury stock, and shares of Spirit's common stock owned by JetBlue, Merger Sub or any of their respective wholly owned subsidiaries), will be converted into the right to receive an amount in cash per share, without interest, equal to (such amount, the Merger Consideration (i) 33.50 minus (ii) (A) 2.50 (the Approval Prepayment Amount ), to the extent paid (the Approval Prepayment upon the adoption by Spirit 
 49 

stockholders of the Merger Agreement (or, in the event that the closing of the Merger (the Closing occurs after the record date for the prepayment of, but before the payment date of, such Approval Prepayment Amount, to the extent payable after the Closing), and (B) an additional per share prepayment amount calculated as the product of 0.10 and the number of additional prepayments paid (or, in the event the Closing occurs after the record date of, but before the payment date of any such additional prepayment, to the extent payable after the Closing), not to exceed 1.15 per share of Spirit common stock, by JetBlue to Spirit stockholders in accordance with the Merger Agreement after December 31, 2022 (each such payment is referred to as an Additional Prepayment and such 0.10 amount is referred to as the Additional Prepayment Amount ). If an aggregate of 1.15 of Additional Prepayment Amounts has been paid out before consummation or termination of the Merger, Spirit stockholders will thereafter continue to receive monthly Additional Prepayments, at the same 0.10 per month rate, not to exceed 0.65 in the aggregate. The total potential cash receivable by Spirit stockholders, including the Approval Prepayment Amount and such aggregate Additional Prepayment Amounts, can therefore equal up to 34.15 per share, assuming the transaction closes on or after July 24, 2024. 
 
 JetBlue will pay or cause to be paid the Approval Prepayment Amount to Spirit stockholders as of the record date established by Spirit for the special meeting to approve the Merger Agreement within five business days following such Spirit stockholder approval. Thereafter, on or prior to the last business day of each month beginning after December 31, 2022 until the earlier of the Closing or termination of the Merger Agreement, JetBlue will also pay or cause to be paid the Additional Prepayment Amount to Spirit stockholders as of a record date not more than five business days prior to the last business day of such month. We expect payments made from JetBlue to Spirit stockholders will not impact our results of operations or cash flows. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, JetBlue reimbursed Spirit for the 25.0 million Frontier Expenses discussed above. 
 
 On October 19, 2022, Spirit s stockholders approved the Merger Agreement at a special meeting of stockholders. The record date for both Spirit's special meeting and the Approval Prepayment is September 12, 2022. Therefore, all Spirit stockholders of record as of September 12, 2022 are entitled to receive the Approval Prepayment in accordance with the Merger Agreement. On October 26, 2022, JetBlue paid the Spirit stockholders the Approval Prepayment Amount of 2.50 per share. Additionally, on January 31, 2023, JetBlue paid the first Additional Prepayment of 0.10 per share to all Spirit stockholders of record as of January 25, 2023. 
 
 Completion of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions, including, among other things: (1) approval of the transactions by Spirit s stockholders, which was received on October 19, 2022; (2) receipt of applicable regulatory approvals, including approvals from the U.S. Federal Communications Commission, the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration and the U.S. Department of Transportation and the expiration or early termination of the statutory waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and other competition laws, and other required regulatory approvals; (3) the absence of any law or order prohibiting the consummation of the transactions; and (4) the absence of any material adverse effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) on Spirit. 
 
 Spirit, JetBlue and Merger Sub each make certain customary representations, warranties and covenants, as applicable, in the Merger Agreement. 
 
 In addition, Spirit has agreed, among other things, that neither it nor any of its directors, officers, employees and representatives will (1) solicit alternative transactions, (2) participate in any discussions or negotiations relating to alternative transactions, (3) furnish any non-public information in connection with alternative transactions or (4) enter into any agreement relating to alternative transactions, except under limited circumstances described in the Merger Agreement. However, in certain circumstances, Spirit may terminate the Merger Agreement to enter into a definitive agreement for a Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement). 
 
 The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for Spirit and JetBlue, including, without limitation, a right for either party to terminate if the Merger is not consummated on or before July 28, 2023, subject to certain extensions up to July 24, 2024 if needed to obtain regulatory approvals. Upon the termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, Spirit will be required to pay JetBlue a termination fee of 94.2 million. Upon the termination of the Merger Agreement by JetBlue because of a material, uncured breach by Spirit of the Merger Agreement, Spirit will be required to pay JetBlue an amount equal to the sum of all amounts paid by JetBlue to the Spirit stockholders. Upon the termination of the Merger Agreement for failure to obtain antitrust regulatory clearance, JetBlue will be required to pay (i) to Spirit, 70.0 million, and (ii) to the Spirit stockholders, the excess of (A) 400.0 million minus (B) the sum of the Approval Prepayment Amount and all Additional Prepayment Amounts previously paid by JetBlue to the Spirit stockholders. 
 
 Summary of Results 
 
 50 

During 2022, we generated a pre-tax loss of 700.7 million and a net loss of 554.2 million, (5.10) per share, compared to a pre-tax loss of 520.3 million and a net loss of 472.6 million, (4.50) per share, in 2021. The increase in pre-tax loss was primarily driven by a 74.3 increase in fuel price per gallon and a 21.2 increase in fuel gallons consumed, period over period. In addition, the increase in pre-tax loss was attributable to 420.2 million in special charges during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 377.7 million in special credits in the same period in the prior year. Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 3. Special Charges and Credits" for additional information. The net loss incurred in the period was partially offset by an increase in operating revenues due to a 23.8 increase in our traffic and a 26.6 increase in average yield, year over year. In 2022, we increased our capacity by 19.2 , as compared to 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a negative operating margin of 11.8 on 5,068.4 million in operating revenues. TRASM in 2022 was 10.44 cents, an increase of 31.7 compared to the prior year. Total revenue per passenger flight segment increased 25.7 , year over year, from 104.80 to 131.78. The increase in total fare revenue per passenger flight segment was primarily due to an increase of 26.6 in average yield, year over year. Fare revenue per passenger flight segment increased 38.3 , while non-ticket revenue per passenger flight segment increased by 15.8 , as compared to the prior year. The increase in non-ticket revenue per passenger flight segment was primarily attributable to increases in bag revenue, passenger usage fee revenue, seat revenue, boost-it revenue and change fee revenue, per passenger flight segment, as compared to the prior year. 
 Our operating cost structure is a primary area of focus and is at the core of our ULCC business model. Our unit operating costs continue to be among the lowest of any airline in the United States. During 2022, our Adjusted CASM ex-fuel was 6.73 cents as compared to 6.74 cents for 2021. The decrease on a per-ASM basis was primarily due to improved air travel demand, as compared to the prior year period, which drove an increase of 19.2 in ASMs, period over period. This increase in ASMs drove a decrease in operating expenses on a per-ASM basis with the greatest impact noted on primarily fixed costs such as depreciation and amortization expense, landing fees and other rents expense, salaries, wages, and benefits expense and aircraft rent expense. On a per-ASM basis, these decreases were partially offset by increases in ground handling expense and travel and lodging expense, period over period. 
 In addition, in recent years, our operating expenses have been negatively impacted by significant increases in reaccommodation expenses as compared to historical years. During 2022, a number of adverse weather events as well as increases in air traffic control ATC programs and restrictions, led to a significant number of flight delays and cancellations. During 2021, we experienced significant irregular operations due to a series of overlapping challenges, primarily adverse weather and airport staffing shortages, leading to severe crew dislocations. 
 During 2022, we added 9 new destinations: Albuquerque, New Mexico; Boise, Idaho; Memphis, Tennessee; Monterrey, Mexico; Ponce, Puerto Rico; Reno, Nevada; Rochester, New York; Salt Lake City, Utah and San Antonio, Texas. In addition, during 2022, we opened new pilot and flight attendant crew bases in Atlanta, Georgia; Miami, Florida and Houston, Texas. During 2022, we grew our fleet of Airbus single-aisle aircraft from 173 to 194 aircraft as we took delivery of 16 aircraft under sale-leaseback transactions and 5 aircraft under direct operating leases. We also took delivery of 4 new engines through cash purchases. As of December 31, 2022, our 194 Airbus A320-family aircraft fleet was comprised of 31 A319ceos, 64 A320ceos, 69 A320neos and 30 A321ceos of which 73 aircraft are financed through secured debt, 88 are financed under operating leases, and 33 are owned. As of December 31, 2022, our aircraft orders consisted of 144 A320 family aircraft scheduled for delivery through 2027. 
 
 Operating Revenues 
 Our operating revenues are comprised of passenger revenues and other revenues. 
 Passenger revenues 
 
 Fare revenues. Tickets sold are initially deferred within air traffic liability on our consolidated balance sheet. Passenger fare revenues are recognized at time of departure when transportation is provided. Generally, all tickets sold by us are nonrefundable. An unused ticket expires at the date of scheduled travel and is recognized as revenue at the date of scheduled travel. Fare revenues are recorded within passenger revenues on our consolidated statement of operations. Refer to our disaggregated revenue table within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies." 
 Customers may elect to change or cancel their itinerary prior to the date of departure. For changes, a service charge is recognized at time of departure of newly scheduled travel and is deducted from the face value of the original purchase price of the ticket, and the original ticket becomes invalid. For cancellations, a service charge is assessed and the amount remaining after deducting the service charge is called a credit shell. For credit shells that we estimate are not likely to be used prior to 
 51 

expiration, we recognize the associated value proportionally during the period over which the remaining credit shells may be used. Estimating the amount of credits that will go unused involves some level of subjectivity and judgment and can be impacted by several factors including, but not limited to, changes to our ticketing policies, changes to our refund, exchange, and credit shell policies, and economic factors. 
 Non-fare revenues. Our most significant non-fare revenues generally include revenues generated from air travel-related services paid for baggage, passenger usage fees, advance seat selection and itinerary changes. These ancillary items are deemed part of the single performance obligation of providing passenger transportation and as such, are recognized in non-fare revenues within passenger revenues on our consolidated statement of operations. Refer to our disaggregated revenue table within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies." Substantially all of our passenger non-fare revenues are recognized at time of departure when transportation is provided. 
 
 Passenger revenues are generally recognized once the related flight departs. Accordingly, the value of tickets and non-fare revenues sold in advance of travel is included under our current liabilities as air traffic liability, or ATL, until the related air travel is provided. 
 
 Guests may earn points based on their spending with the FREE SPIRIT credit card affinity program which we have an agreement to sell points. The contract to sell points under this agreement has multiple performance obligations, as discussed below. 
 
 Our co-branded credit card agreement provides for joint marketing where cardholders earn points for making purchases using co-branded cards. During 2020, we extended our agreement with the administrator of the FREE SPIRIT affinity credit card program to extend through March 31, 2024. In connection with the extension of the agreement, in January 2021, we launched a new loyalty program with extended points expiration, additional benefits based on status tiers, and other changes. We account for this agreement consistently with the accounting method that allocates the consideration received to the individual products and services delivered. The value is allocated based on the relative stand-alone selling prices of those products and services, which generally consists of (i) points to be awarded, (ii) airline benefits and (iii) advertising and marketing efforts. We determined the estimate of the stand-alone selling prices by considering discounted cash flow analysis using multiple inputs and assumptions, including: (1) the expected number of points awarded and number of points redeemed, (2) the estimated stand-alone selling price of the award travel obligation and airline benefits and (3) the costs of advertising and marketing efforts. 
 
 Other revenues 
 
 Other revenues primarily consist of the marketing component of the sale of frequent flyer points to our credit card partner and commissions revenue from the sale of various items such as hotels and rental cars. 
 
 Substantially all of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars. We recognize revenues net of certain taxes and airport passenger fees, which are collected by us on behalf of airports and governmental agencies and remitted to the applicable governmental entity or airport on a periodic basis. These taxes and fees include U.S. federal transportation taxes, federal security charges, airport passenger facility charges and foreign arrival and departure taxes. These items are collected from customers at the time they purchase their tickets, but are not included in our revenues. Upon collection from the customer, we record a liability within other current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets and relieve the liability when payments are remitted to the applicable governmental agency or airport. 

Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses consist of the following line items. 
 Aircraft Fuel. Aircraft fuel expense includes the cost of jet fuel, related federal taxes, fueling into-plane fees and transportation fees. It also includes realized and unrealized gains and losses arising from activity on our fuel derivatives, if any. 
 Salaries, Wages and Benefits. Salaries, wages and benefits expense includes the salaries, hourly wages, bonuses and equity compensation paid to employees for their services, as well as the related expenses associated with employee benefit plans and employer payroll taxes. 
 Landing Fees and Other Rents. Landing fees and other rents include both fixed and variable facilities expenses, such as the fees charged by airports for the use or lease of airport facilities, overfly fees paid to other countries and the monthly rent paid for our headquarters facility. 
 52 

Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense includes the depreciation of fixed assets we own and leasehold improvements. It also includes the amortization of capitalized software costs and heavy maintenance. Under the deferral method, the cost of our heavy maintenance is capitalized and amortized on a straight-line or usage basis until the earlier of the next estimated heavy maintenance event or the remaining lease term. 
 Aircraft Rent. Aircraft rent expense consists of all minimum lease payments under the terms of our aircraft and spare engine lease agreements recognized on a straight-line basis. Aircraft rent expense also includes supplemental rent. Supplemental rent is made up of maintenance reserves paid to aircraft lessors in advance of the performance of major maintenance activities that are not probable of being reimbursed and probable and estimable return condition obligations. As of December 31, 2022, 88 of our 194 aircraft and 6 of our 30 spare engines are financed under operating leases. 
 Maintenance, Materials and Repairs. Maintenance, materials and repairs expense includes parts, materials, repairs and fees for repairs performed by third-party vendors and in-house mechanics required to maintain our fleet. It excludes direct labor cost related to our own mechanics, which is included under salaries, wages and benefits. It also excludes the amortization of heavy maintenance expenses, which we defer under the deferral method of accounting and amortize as a component of depreciation and amortization expense. 
 Distribution. Distribution expense includes all of our direct costs, including the cost of web support, our third-party call center, travel agent commissions and related GDS fees and credit card transaction fees, associated with the sale of our tickets and other products and services. 
 Special Charges (Credits). Special charges and credits include recognition of impairment charges related to the planned acceleration of the retirement of 29 of our A319 aircraft, legal, advisory and other fees related to the former Frontier Merger Agreement and the JetBlue Merger Agreement, the retention bonus programs, the grant component of the Payroll Support Program ("PSP") with the Treasury, the CARES Act Employee Retention credit and amounts paid in connection with our voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs. 
 Loss on Disposal of Assets. Loss on disposal of assets includes the net losses on the disposal of our fixed assets as well as the net losses or gains resulting from our aircraft and engine sale-leaseback transactions. 
 Other Operating Expenses. Other operating expenses include airport operations expense and fees charged by third-party vendors for ground handling services and food and liquor supply service expenses, passenger re-accommodation expense, the cost of passenger liability and aircraft hull insurance, all other insurance policies except for employee related insurance, travel and training expenses for crews and ground personnel, professional fees, personal property taxes and all other administrative and operational overhead expenses. No individual item included in this category represented more than 5 of our total operating expenses. 
 
 Other (Income) Expense 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense in 2022 primarily related to the financing of purchased aircraft, the interest and accretion related to our 8.00 senior secured notes, the interest and discount amortization related to our convertible notes and favorable mark to market adjustments of the derivative liability related to our convertible notes due 2026. Interest expense in 2021 primarily related to the financing of purchased aircraft as well as the interest related to our convertible notes and the interest and accretion related to our 8.00 senior secured notes. Interest expense in 2020 primarily related to the financing of purchased aircraft as well as the interest and accretion related to our convertible notes and 8.00 senior secured notes. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt. We had no loss on extinguishment of debt in 2022. Loss on extinguishment of debt in 2021 primarily related to premiums paid to early extinguish a portion of our 8.00 senior secured notes and convertible notes due 2025. In addition, it includes the write-off of related deferred financing costs and original issuance discount. Refer to "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 12. Debt and Other Obligations" for more information. We had no loss on extinguishment of debt in 2020. 
 Capitalized Interest. We capitalize the interest that is primarily attributable to the outstanding PDP balances as a percentage of the related debt on which interest is incurred. Capitalized interest represents interest cost incurred during the acquisition period of a long-term asset and is the amount which theoretically could have been avoided had we not paid PDPs for the related aircraft or engines. Capitalization of interest ceases when the asset is ready for service. Capitalized interest for 2022, 2021 and 2020 primarily relates to the interest incurred on long-term debt. 
 Interest Income. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, interest income represents interest income earned on cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as well as interest earned on income tax refunds. 
 Other Expense. Other expense primarily includes realized gains and losses related to foreign currency transactions. 
 53 

Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. We record a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of the evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred taxes are recorded based on differences between the financial statement basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities and available tax loss and credit carryforwards. In assessing the realizability of the deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. In evaluating the ability to utilize our deferred tax assets, we consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, in determining future taxable income on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. 
 
 Trends and Uncertainties Affecting Our Business 
 We believe our operating and business performance is driven by various factors affecting airlines and their markets, trends affecting the broader travel industry and trends affecting the specific markets and customer base that we target. The following key factors may affect our future performance. 
 
 Ability to Execute our Growth Strategy . Over recent years, we have pursued a high-growth strategy, which we expect to continue. Execution of such a strategy requires us to effectively deploy new flying into our network, as new routes or increased frequency of existing routes develop. New flying may not perform as well as expected or may result in a competitive reaction. Moreover, our growth strategy depends on the timely delivery of aircraft and engines in accordance with the intended delivery schedule in accordance with the applicable agreement. Delivery delays, as we have experienced from time to time in recent years, may cause us to scale back our growth, unless we are able to replace delayed aircraft in the secondary market or otherwise. Finally, our growth strategy relies in part on our ability to obtain additional facilities in airports, some of which are constrained, as well as additional flight crew, maintenance, and other personnel. And, given recent staffing and workforce shortages, we expect to experience an increase in our compensation expense to attract and retain qualified personnel. 
 
 Ability to Maintain or Grow Capacity . We pursue a high-growth strategy that expands revenue and maintains lower cost due to economies of scale and lower initial expense for aircraft and labor. Execution of such a strategy depends on the ability to maintain efficient utilization of existing capacity and the timely delivery of new aircraft and engines. In late 2022, we were notified by Airbus that a number of the aircraft we originally had scheduled for delivery in 2023 will be delayed into 2024 and beyond. These delays have required us to reduce capacity expectations for the next year or so. We previously experienced aircraft operational reliability issues and delivery delays particularly regarding our PW1100G engine on our A320neo aircraft. Beginning in the second half of 2020, the A320neo aircraft fleet reliability had stabilized and the PW1100G engine technical issues had improved. However, beginning in the second half of 2022, we began experiencing reliability issues with the PW1100G engines once again resulting in diminished service availability of aircraft. Supply chain delivery issues and limited capacity at MRO shops available to service PW1100G engines have resulted in extended turnaround time to perform the modifications required to improve the reliability of these engines. The new generation aircraft provide fuel burn and other efficiencies, as compared to the older A320ceo aircraft, and the ability to serve additional markets with greater operating range. However, ongoing or expanded reliability and delivery issues could materially impact our operations, costs and net results. 
 
 Impact of COVID-19 . During 2020 and 2021, we were adversely affected by the reduction in air travel demand and related restrictions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. During 2022, while travel demand increased, unfavorable conditions in the general economy, including inflationary pressures, labor shortages, rising interest rates and financial and credit market fluctuations, resulted in increased costs for labor, materials and services. 
 
 Competition . The airline industry is highly competitive. The principal competitive factors in the airline industry are fare pricing, total price, flight schedules, aircraft type, passenger amenities, number of routes served from a city, customer service, safety record, reputation, code-sharing relationships, frequent flyer programs and redemption opportunities. Price competition occurs on a market-by-market basis through price discounts, changes in pricing structures, fare matching, target promotions and frequent flyer initiatives. Airlines typically use discount fares and other promotions to stimulate traffic during normally slower travel periods in efforts to maximize unit revenue. The prevalence of discount fares can be particularly acute when a competitor has excess capacity that it is under financial pressure to sell tickets. 
 Moreover, the network carriers have developed a fare-class pricing approach, in which a portion of available seats may be sold at or near ULCC prices, but without most product features available to their passengers paying at higher fare levels on the same flight. Broad fare discounting may have the effect of diluting the profitability of revenues of high-cost carriers but the fare-class approach may allow network carriers to continue offering a competitive price to ULCCs on some flights or routes, while maintaining higher pricing to their traditional constituencies of corporate and less price-sensitive travelers. Refer to Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Industry We operate in an extremely competitive industry." 
 54 

Seasonality and Volatility . Our results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of those for the entire year because the air transportation business is subject to significant seasonal fluctuations. We generally expect demand to be greater in the second and third quarters compared to the rest of the year. The air transportation business is also volatile and highly affected by economic cycles and trends. Consumer confidence and discretionary spending, fear of terrorism or war, weakening economic conditions, fare initiatives, fluctuations in fuel prices, labor actions, changes in governmental regulations on taxes and fees, weather, outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases and other factors have resulted in significant fluctuations in revenues and results of operations in the past. We believe demand for business travel historically has been more sensitive to economic pressures than demand for low-price travel. Finally, a significant portion of our operations are concentrated in markets such as South Florida, the Caribbean, Latin America and the Northeast and northern Midwest regions of the United States, which are particularly vulnerable to weather, airport traffic constraints and other delays. 
 Aircraft Fuel . Fuel costs represents one of our largest operating expenses, as it does for most airlines. Fuel costs have been subject to wide price fluctuations in recent years. Fuel availability and pricing are also subject to refining capacity, periods of market surplus, and shortage and demand for heating oil, gasoline and other petroleum products, as well as meteorological, economic and political factors and events occurring throughout the world, which we can neither control nor accurately predict. We source a significant portion of our fuel from refining resources located in the southeast United States, particularly facilities adjacent to the Gulf of Mexico. Gulf Coast fuel is subject to volatility and supply disruptions, particularly in hurricane season when refinery shutdowns have occurred, or when the threat of weather-related disruptions has caused Gulf Coast fuel prices to spike above other regional sources. Our fuel hedging practices are dependent upon many factors, including our assessment of market conditions for fuel, our access to the capital necessary to support margin requirements, the pricing of hedges and other derivative products in the market, our overall appetite for risk and applicable regulatory policies. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding jet fuel derivatives and we have not engaged in fuel derivative activity since 2015. The cost and future availability of jet fuel cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. 
 Labor . The airline industry is heavily unionized. The wages, benefits and work rules of unionized airline industry employees are determined by CBAs. Relations between air carriers and labor unions in the United States are governed by the RLA. Under the RLA, CBAs generally contain amendable dates rather than expiration dates, subject to standard early opener provisions, and the RLA requires that a carrier maintain the existing terms and conditions of employment following the amendable date through a multi-stage and usually lengthy series of bargaining processes overseen by the NMB. This process continues until either the parties have reached agreement on a new CBA, or the parties have been released to self-help by the NMB. In most circumstances, the RLA prohibits strikes; however, after release by the NMB, carriers and unions are free to engage in self-help measures such as strikes and lockouts. 
 We have five union-represented employee groups comprising approximately 81 of our employees at December 31, 2022. Our pilots are represented by the Air Line Pilots Association, International, or ALPA, our flight attendants are represented by the Association of Flight Attendants, or AFA-CWA, our dispatchers are represented by the Professional Airline Flight Control Association, or PAFCA, our ramp service agents are represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, or IAMAW and our passenger service agents are represented by the Transport Workers Union, or TWU. In addition, our aircraft maintenance technicians are represented by the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association, or AMFA. The related collective bargaining agreement is currently under negotiation. Conflicts between airlines and their unions can lead to work slowdowns or stoppages. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we reached an agreement with ALPA for a new two-year agreement, which was ratified by ALPA members on January 10, 2023. Per the terms of the new agreement, in 2023 we expect an increase of approximately 180 million in salaries, wages and benefits expense primarily related to increases in pay rates and 401(k) employer contributions. 
 In February 2021, we entered into a Letter of Agreement with the AFA-CWA to change the amendable date of the collective bargaining agreement from May 4, 2021 to September 1, 2021. All other terms of the collective bargaining agreement remained the same. In June 2021, the AFA-CWA notified us, as required by the RLA, that it intended to submit proposed changes to the collective bargaining agreement covering our flight attendants. We commenced negotiations with the AFA-CWA on September 27, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we continued to negotiate with the AFA-CWA. 
 Our dispatchers are represented by the PAFCA. In October 2018, we reached a tentative agreement with PAFCA for a new five-year agreement, which was ratified by the PAFCA members in October 2018. 
 Our ramp service agents are represented by IAMAW. Representation only applies to our Fort Lauderdale station where we have direct employees in the ramp service agent classification. In February 2020, the IAMAW notified us, as required by the RLA, that it intended to submit proposed changes to the collective bargaining agreement covering our ramp service agents which became amendable in June 2020. On September 28, 2021, we filed an Application for Mediation Services with the 
 55 

NMB. We were able to reach a tentative agreement with the IAMAW with the assistance of the NMB on October 16, 2021. Our ramp service agents ratified the five-year agreement in November 2021. 
 In June 2018, our passenger service agents voted to be represented by the TWU, but the representation only applies to our Fort Lauderdale station where we have direct employees in the passenger service classification. We began meeting with the TWU in late October 2018 to negotiate an initial collective bargaining agreement. During February 2022, we reached a tentative agreement with the TWU. Our passenger service agents ratified the five-year agreement on February 21, 2022. 
 In August 2022, our AMTs voted to be represented by AMFA as their collective bargaining agent. In November 2022, AMFA notified us of its intent to negotiate a CBA and began negotiations. As of December 31, 2022, we continued to negotiate with AMFA. 
 
 We believe our CBAs provide us with competitive labor costs compared to other U.S.-based low-cost carriers. If we are unable to reach agreement with any of our unionized work groups in current or future negotiations regarding the terms of their CBAs, we may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages, such as the strike by our pilots in June 2010. A strike or other significant labor dispute with our unionized employees is likely to adversely affect our ability to conduct business. Any agreement we do reach could increase our labor and related expenses. 
 
 In 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was passed into law. This law may be repealed in its entirety or certain aspects may be changed or replaced. If the law is repealed or modified or if new legislation is passed, such action could potentially increase our operating costs, with healthcare costs increasing at a higher rate than our employee headcount. 
 
 Maintenance Expense . Maintenance expense grew through 2022 and 2021 mainly as a result of increased aircraft utilization compared to the prior year, a growing fleet and the gradual increase of required maintenance for the older aircraft in our fleet. However, in 2020, maintenance expense decreased year over year mainly as a result of decreased aircraft utilization due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As our fleet ages, we expect that maintenance costs will increase in absolute terms. The amount of total maintenance costs and related amortization of heavy maintenance (included in depreciation and amortization expense) is subject to many variables such as future utilization rates, average stage length, the interval between heavy maintenance events, the size and makeup of the fleet in future periods and the level of unscheduled maintenance events and their actual costs. Accordingly, we cannot reliably quantify future maintenance expenses for any significant period of time. 
 
 As a result of a majority of our fleet being acquired over a relatively short period of time, heavy maintenance scheduled on certain aircraft will overlap, meaning we will incur our most expensive scheduled maintenance obligations on certain aircraft at roughly the same time. These more significant maintenance activities will result in out-of-service periods during which our aircraft will be dedicated to maintenance activities and unavailable to fly revenue service. When accounting for maintenance expense under the deferral method, heavy maintenance is amortized over the shorter of either the remaining lease term or the next estimated heavy maintenance event. As a result, deferred maintenance events occurring closer to the end of the lease term will generally have shorter amortization periods than those occurring earlier in the lease term. This will create higher depreciation and amortization expense specific to any aircraft related to heavy maintenance during the final years of the lease as compared to earlier periods. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements. For a detailed discussion of our significant accounting policies, refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Critical accounting policies are defined as those policies that reflect significant judgments or estimates about matters both inherently uncertain and material to our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Loyalty Points earned with Co-branded credit card. Customers may earn points based on their spending with our co-branded credit card company with which we have an agreement to sell points. The contract to sell points under this agreement has multiple performance obligations. The agreement provides for joint marketing and we account for this agreement consistently with the accounting method that allocates the consideration received to the individual products and services delivered. The value is allocated based on the relative stand-alone selling prices of those products and services, which generally consists of (i) points to be awarded, (ii) airline benefits and (iii) advertising and marketing efforts. We determined the estimate 
 56 

of the stand-alone selling prices by considering discounted cash flow analysis using multiple inputs and assumptions, including: (1) the expected number of points awarded and number of points redeemed, (2) the estimated stand-alone selling price of the award travel obligation and airline benefits, and (3) the costs of advertising and marketing efforts. 
 
 We defer the amount for award travel obligation as part of loyalty deferred revenue within air traffic liability on our c onsolidated balance sheet and recognize loyalty travel awards in passenger revenue as the points are used for travel. Revenue allocated to the remaining performance obligations, primarily marketing components, is recorded in other revenue over time as points are delivered. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , total cash sales from this agreement were 81.0 million and 48.0 million, respectively, which are allocated to travel and other performance obligations. 
 Leased Aircraft Return Costs . Our aircraft lease agreements often contain provisions that require us to return aircraft airframes and engines to the lessor in a certain condition or pay an amount to the lessor based on the airframe and engine's actual return condition. Lease return costs include all costs that would be incurred at the return of the aircraft, including costs incurred to repair the airframe and engines to the required condition as stipulated by the lease. Lease return costs are recognized beginning when it is probable that such costs will be incurred and they can be estimated. When costs become both probable and estimable, they are accrued as a component of supplemental rent, through the remaining lease term. We expensed 16.5 million and 31.7 million of supplemental rent recorded within aircraft rent during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Supplemental rent, recorded within aircraft rent expense, is primarily made up of probable and estimable return condition obligations, lease return costs adjustments for aircraft and engines purchased off lease and maintenance reserves paid to aircraft lessors that are not probable of being reimbursed. 
 
 When determining the need to accrue lease return costs, there are various factors which need to be considered such as the contractual terms of the lease agreement, current condition of the aircraft, the age of the aircraft at lease expiration, and projected number of hours run on the engine at the time of return, among others. In addition, typically near the lease return date, the lessors may allow reserves to be applied as return condition consideration or pass on certain return provisions if they do not align with their current plans to remarket the aircraft. As a result of the different factors listed above, management assesses the need to accrue lease return costs periodically throughout the year or whenever facts and circumstances warrant an assessment. Lease return costs will generally be estimable closer to the end of the lease term but may be estimable earlier in the lease term depending on the contractual terms of the lease agreement and the timing of maintenance events for a particular aircraft. We expect lease return costs will increase as individual aircraft lease agreements approach their respective termination dates and we begin to accrue the estimated cost of return conditions for the corresponding aircraft. Upon a termination of the lease due to a breach by us, we would be liable for standard contractual damages, possibly including damages suffered by the lessor in connection with remarketing the aircraft or while the aircraft is not leased to another party. 
 
 In connection with our assessment of lease return costs, we also evaluate the recoverability of maintenance reserves paid to certain lessors that are held as collateral in advance of our required performance of major maintenance activities. The requirement to pay maintenance reserves has been eliminated from our lease agreements for the last several years and any outstanding maintenance reserves will continue to decline as we are reimbursed for qualifying maintenance events. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 38.8 million and 48.9 million, respectively, of aircraft maintenance deposits. 

Results of Operations 
 In 2022, we generated operating revenues of 5,068.4 million and had an operating loss of 598.9 million resulting in a negative operating margin of 11.8 and a net loss of 554.2 million. In 2021, we generated operating revenues of 3,230.8 million and an operating loss of 56.9 million resulting in a negative operating margin of 1.8 and a net loss of 472.6 million. The increase in operating revenues, year over year, is primarily due to an increase in average yield of 26.6 and an increase in traffic of 23.8 , year over year, driven by increased air travel demand as compared to the prior year period. Increased aircraft fuel expense due to an increase in both fuel price per gallon and gallons consumed as well as special charges incurred in the current period compared to special credits incurred in the prior year period, contributed to higher operating expenses. In addition, increased operations resulted in higher operating expenses across the board. 
 In addition, in recent years, our operating expenses have been negatively impacted by significant increases in reaccommodation expenses as compared to historical years. During 2022, a number of adverse weather events, as well as increases in ATC programs and restrictions, led to a significant number of flight delays and cancellations. During 2021, we experienced significant irregular operations due to a series of overlapping challenges, primarily adverse weather and airport staffing shortages, leading to severe crew dislocations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents was 1,346.4 million, an increase of 12.8 million compared to the prior year. Cash and cash equivalents is generally driven by cash from our operating activities as well as capital from debt 
 57 

and equity financings offset by cash used to fund PDPs and capital expenditures and principal payments related to our long-term debt. In addition to cash and cash equivalents, as of December 31, 2022, we had 107.1 million in short-term investment securities. 

Comparative Operating Statistics 
 
 The following tables set forth our operating statistics for the twelve month periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, Percent Change 2022 2021 Operating Statistics (unaudited) (A): Average aircraft 180.7 163.4 10.6 Aircraft at end of period 194 173 12.1 Average daily aircraft utilization (hours) 10.7 9.7 10.3 Average stage length (miles) 1,013 1,024 (1.1) Departures 261,079 213,440 22.3 Passenger flight segments (PFSs) (thousands) 38,463 30,828 24.8 Revenue passenger miles (RPMs) (thousands) 39,775,253 32,124,200 23.8 Available seat miles (ASMs) (thousands) 48,567,978 40,749,334 19.2 Load factor ) 81.9 78.8 3.1 pts Fare revenue per passenger flight segment ) 63.85 46.16 38.3 Non-ticket revenue per passenger flight segment ) 67.93 58.64 15.8 Total revenue per passenger flight segment ) 131.78 104.80 25.7 Average yield (cents) 12.74 10.06 26.6 TRASM (cents) 10.44 7.93 31.7 CASM (cents) 11.67 8.07 44.6 Adjusted CASM (cents) 10.71 8.98 19.3 Adjusted CASM ex-fuel (cents) 6.73 6.74 (0.1) Fuel gallons consumed (thousands) 527,290 435,174 21.2 Average fuel cost per gallon ) 3.66 2.10 74.3 
 
 (A) See "Glossary of Airline Terms" elsewhere in this annual report for definitions used in this table. 

58 

Operating Revenues 
 Year Ended 2022 change 2022 versus 2021 Year Ended 2021 Operating revenues: Fare (thousands) 2,455,817 72.6 1,422,927 Non-fare (thousands) 2,533,548 44.5 1,752,875 Passenger (thousands) 4,989,365 57.1 3,175,802 Other (thousands) 79,082 43.9 54,973 Total operating revenue (thousands) 5,068,447 56.9 3,230,775 Total operating revenue per ASM (TRASM) (cents) 10.44 31.7 7.93 Fare revenue per passenger flight segment 63.85 38.3 46.16 Non-ticket revenue per passenger flight segment 67.93 15.8 58.64 Total revenue per passenger flight segment 131.78 25.7 104.80 
 Operating revenues increased by 1,837.7 million, or 56.9 , to 5,068.4 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in average yield of 26.6 and an increase in traffic of 23.8 , year over year, driven by increased air travel demand as compared to prior year period 
 TRASM for 2022 was 10.44 cents, an increase of 31.7 compared to 2021. This increase was primarily a result of a 26.6 increase in operating yields and a load factor increase of 3.1 percentage points, year over year. 
 Total revenue per passenger flight segment increased 25.7 from 104.80 in 2021 to 131.78 in 2022. The increase in total revenue per passenger flight segment was primarily due to an increase of 26.6 in average yield, year over year. Fare revenue per passenger flight segment increased 38.3 , as compared to the prior year period, while non-ticket revenue per passenger flight segment increased 15.8 , as compared to the prior year period. The increase in non-ticket revenue per passenger flight segment was primarily attributable to increases in bag revenue, passenger usage fee revenue, seat revenue, boost-it revenue and change fee revenue, per passenger flight segment, as compared to the prior year. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Since adopting our ULCC model, we have continuously sought to reduce our unit operating costs and have created one of the industry's lowest cost structures in the United States. The table below presents our unit operating costs (CASM) and year-over-year changes. 
 Year Ended 2022 Change 2022 versus 2021 Year Ended 2021 CASM Per-ASM Change Percent change CASM Operating expenses: Aircraft fuel 3.97 1.73 77.2 2.24 Salaries, wages and benefits 2.58 (0.03) (1.1) 2.61 Landing fees and other rentals 0.72 (0.06) (7.7) 0.78 Depreciation and amortization 0.64 (0.09) (12.3) 0.73 Aircraft rent 0.58 (0.03) (4.9) 0.61 Maintenance, materials and repairs 0.39 0.39 Distribution 0.37 0.04 12.1 0.33 Special charges (credits) 0.87 1.80 NM (0.93) Loss on disposal of assets 0.10 0.09 NM 0.01 Other operating expenses 1.46 0.16 12.3 1.30 Total operating expense CASM 11.67 3.60 44.6 8.07 Adjusted CASM (1) 10.71 1.73 19.3 8.98 Adjusted CASM ex fuel (2) 6.73 (0.01) (0.1) 6.74 
 (1) Reconciliation of CASM to Adjusted CASM: 
 59 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Per ASM (in millions) Per ASM CASM (cents) 11.67 8.07 Less: Special charges (credits) 420.2 0.87 (377.7) (0.93) Loss on disposal of assets 46.6 0.10 3.3 0.01 Federal excise tax recovery 2.2 (0.01) Accelerated depreciation 3.5 0.01 Adjusted CASM (cents) 10.71 8.98 
 (2) Excludes aircraft fuel expense, loss on disposal of assets, special charges (credits), federal excise tax recovery adjustments and accelerated depreciation. 
 Operating expenses increased by 2,379.7 million, or 72.4 , in 2022 primarily due to a 74.3 increase in fuel price per gallon and a 21.2 increase in fuel gallons consumed, both of which contributed to a 1,016.0 million increase in aircraft fuel expense, period over period. We also had 420.2 million in special charges during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 377.7 million in special credits in the same period in the prior year. For additional information, refer to "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 3. Special Charges and Credits." In addition, we had an increase in operations as reflected by a 23.8 increase in traffic and a 19.2 increase in capacity, as a result of increased travel demand as compared to the prior year. 
 Our Adjusted CASM ex-fuel for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 6.73, cents as compared to 6.74 cents for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Improved air travel demand, as compared to the prior year period, drove an increase of 19.2 in ASMs, period over period. This increase in ASMs drove a decrease in operating expenses on a per-ASM basis with the greatest impact noted on primarily fixed costs such as depreciation and amortization expense, landing fees and other rents expense, salaries, wages, and benefits expense and aircraft rent expense. On a per-ASM basis, these decreases were partially offset by increases in ground handling expense and travel and lodging expense, period over period. 
 Aircraft fuel expenses includes both into-plane expense (as defined below) and realized and unrealized net gains or losses from fuel derivatives, if any. Into-plane fuel expense is defined as the price that we generally pay at the airport, including taxes and fees. Into-plane fuel prices are affected by the global oil market, refining costs, transportation taxes and fees, which can vary by region in the United States and other countries where we operate. Into-plane fuel expense approximates cash paid to the supplier and does not reflect the effect of any fuel derivatives. We had no activity related to fuel derivative instruments during 2022 and 2021. 
 Aircraft fuel expense increased by 111.2 from 913.9 million in 2021 to 1,930.0 million in 2022. This increase was due to a 74.3 increase in fuel price per gallon and a 21.2 increase in fuel gallons consumed. 
 The elements of the changes in aircraft fuel expense are illustrated in the following table: Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands, except per-gallon amounts) Percent Change Fuel gallons consumed 527,290 435,174 21.2 Into-plane fuel cost per gallon 3.66 2.10 74.3 Aircraft fuel expense (per consolidated statements of operations) 1,929,969 913,945 111.2 
 
 Gulf Coast Jet indexed fuel is the basis for a substantial majority of our fuel consumption and is impacted by both the price of crude oil as well as increases or decreases in refining margins associated with the conversion of crude oil to jet fuel. 
 Labor costs in 2022 increased by 185.8 million, or 17.4 , compared to 2021. This increase on a dollar basis was primarily driven by higher salaries, crew overtime, 401(k) expense, per diem pay and bonus expense, period over period. The increase in salaries and per diem pay was mainly driven by an 18.0 increase in our pilot and flight attendant workforce, period over period, as well as due to an increase in operations as compared to the prior year period. The increase in crew overtime was primarily related to the increase in operations and utilization. T he increase in 401(k) expense was mainly driven by higher pay to our pilot workforce driven by an increase in operations as well as higher average pay rates and 401(k) employer contribution 
 60 

rates to our pilots as compared to the prior year period, and the increase in bonus expense was driven by higher bonus-based performance metrics being met during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Landing fees and other rents for 2022 increased by 31.3 million, or 9.9 , compared to 2021. On a dollar basis, landing fees and other rents expense primarily increased as a result of an increase in facility rent, gate charges, station baggage rent and overfly fees driven by increased operations, higher rent rates and the addition of new stations as well as new gates at our existing stations, period over period. Gate charges, overfly fees as well as a portion of facility rent and station baggage rent are variable in nature and vary based on factors such as the number of departures and passengers. As compared to the prior year period, departures increased by 22.3 and passenger flight segments increased by 24.8 . These increases were partially offset by an increase in signatory adjustment credits as compared to the prior year period. On a per-ASM basis, landing fees and other rents decreased period over period, primarily due to higher signatory adjustment credits as compared to the prior year period as well as lower average rate per landing based on the location and volume of where we operated. This decrease on a per-ASM basis was partially offset by an increase in facility rent, gate charges and overfly fees, as mentioned above. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased by 15.9 million, or 5.3 , compared to the prior year. The increase in depreciation expense on a dollar basis was primarily driven by an increase in computer software, capitalized heavy maintenance events and spare rotables. On a per-ASM basis, depreciation and amortization expense decreased due to a change in the composition of our aircraft fleet between purchased aircraft (for which depreciation expense is recorded under depreciation and amortization) and leased aircraft (for which rent expense is recorded under aircraft rent). Since the prior year period, we have taken delivery of 21 new leased aircraft, which increased capacity but had no effect on depreciation expense. 
 Aircraft rent expense in 2022 increased by 35.8 million, or 14.5 , compared to 2021. This increase in aircraft rent expense was primarily due to an increase in the number of aircraft financed under operating leases throughout the current period, as compared to the prior year period. Since 2021, we have acquired 21 new aircraft financed under operating leases. The increase in aircraft rent was partially offset by a decrease in supplemental rent, period over period. The decrease in supplemental rent is driven by the accrual of lease return costs related to the purchase of four aircraft and two spare engines off lease made during the prior year. The decrease on a per-ASM basis was primarily due to the decrease in supplemental rent noted above, partially offset by the increase in the number of aircraft in our fleet that are leased, period over period. 
 We account for heavy maintenance under the deferral method. Under the deferral method, the cost of heavy maintenance is capitalized and amortized as a component of depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations until the earlier of the next heavy maintenance event or end of the lease term. The amortization of heavy maintenance costs was 96.7 million and 91.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in amortization of heavy maintenance was primarily due to the timing and number of maintenance events in the current year, as compared to the prior year. As our fleet continues to age, we expect that the amount of deferred heavy maintenance events will increase and will result in an increase in the amortization of those costs. If heavy maintenance events were amortized within maintenance, materials and repairs expense in the consolidated statements of operations, our maintenance, materials and repairs expense would have been 284.5 million and 251.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Maintenance, materials and repairs expense increased by 28.3 million, or 17.8 , in 2022, as compared to 2021. The increase on a dollar basis was mainly due to a higher volume of aircraft and rotable maintenance events as a result of an increase of 10.3 in average daily aircraft utilization in the current period as compared to the prior year period. On a per-ASM basis, maintenance expense remained stable, period over period. 
 Distribution expense increased by 45.1 million, or 34.0 , in 2022, compared to 2021. The increase on a dollar and per-ASM basis was primarily due to increased sales volume, which impacts our variable distribution costs such as credit card fees. 
 Special charges (credits) for the year ended 2022 consisted of 333.7 million in impairment charges related to the purchase agreement to sell 29 of our A319 aircraft, 47.2 million in legal, advisory and other fees related to the former Frontier Merger Agreement, JetBlue's unsolicited proposal to acquire all of our outstanding shares in an all-cash transaction and the JetBlue Merger Agreement as well as 39.3 million related to our retention bonus programs. Special charges (credits) for the year ended 2021 consisted of 342.2 million credit , net of the related costs, related to the grant component of the PSP2 and PSP3 agreements with the Treasury. In addition, we recorded 37.5 million related to the CARES Employee Retention credit. These special credits were partially offset by 2.0 million in special charges recorded in connection with the rehire of Team Members previously terminated under our involuntary employee separation program which were rehired in compliance with the restrictions mandated by our participation in the PSP. For additional information, refer to "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 3. Special Charges and Credits." 
 61 

Loss on disposal of assets t otale d 46.6 million for the year ended 2022. This loss on disposal of assets mainly consisted of 38.5 million related to the loss on 16 aircraft sale leas eback transactions completed during 2022 and 6.6 million related to the impairment of 1 spare engine during the first quarter of 2022 which was damaged beyond economic repair. Loss on disposal of assets totaled 3.3 million for the year ended 2021. This loss on disposal of assets mainly consisted of 2.3 million related to the loss on five aircraft sale leaseback transactions completed during 2021 and 1.1 million related to the loss on the sale of auxiliary power units ("APUs"). 
 Other operating expenses in 2022 increased by 180.4 million, or 34.0 , compared to 2021. The increase in other operating expenses on a dollar basis was primarily due to ground handling expense, travel and lodging expenses, security expense, wheelchair expense and third-party labor expense, period over period, primarily as a result of an increase in operations and an increase in ground handling rates at certain airports at which we operate, period over period. As compared to the prior year period, departures increased by 22.3 , and we had 24.8 more passenger flight segments, which drove increases in variable other operating expenses. The increase on a per-ASM basis was primarily attributable to higher ground handling expense and travel and lodging expense, as compared to the prior year period. 
 
 Other (Income) Expense 
 Other (income) expense, net decreased from 463.4 million in 2021 to 101.8 million in 2022 primarily driven by a decrease in loss on extinguishment of debt of 331.6 million which consisted of premiums paid to early extinguish a portion of our 8.00 senior secured notes and convertible notes due 2025 as well as the write-off of related deferred financing costs and original issuance discount. In addition, the decrease in other (income) expense was attributed to a decrease in interest expense of 15.7 million which was primarily due to the favorable mark to market adjustments of the derivative liability related to our convertible notes due 2026. Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 17. Fair Value Measurements for additional information. The decrease in other (income) expense was also attributed to an increase in interest income of 14.7 million. 

Income Taxes 
 
 In 2022, our effective tax rate was 20.9 compared to 9.2 in 2021. The tax rate in 2021 included an unfavorable permanent tax adjustment related to the repurchase of a portion of our convertible notes due 2025. Excluding this unfavorable permanent tax adjustment, our effective tax rate for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 would have been 20.6 . While we expect our tax rate to be fairly consistent in the near term, it will tend to vary depending on recurring items such as the amount of income we earn in each state and the state tax rate applicable to such income. Discrete items particular to a given year may also affect our effective tax rates. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity generally include cash on hand, cash provided by operations and capital from debt and equity financing. Primary uses of liquidity are for working capital needs, capital expenditures, aircraft and engine pre-delivery deposit payments ("PDPs") and debt and lease obligations. We expect to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months with cash and cash equivalents, financing arrangements and cash flows from operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,753.5 million in liquid assets comprised of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, short-term investment securities and funds available under our revolving credit facility due in 2024. 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we entered into a private offering of 600.0 million of the 8.00 senior secured notes as well as increased the commitment of our revolving credit facility to 300.0 million, which remained undrawn and available as of December 31, 2022. Please refer to "Notes to the Financial Statements 12. Debt and Other Obligations" for additional information. 
 
 62 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 25.4 million recorded within current maturities of long-term debt and finance leases on our consolidated balance sheets related to our convertible notes due 2025. As of December 31, 2022, the convertible notes due 2025 may be converted by noteholders through March 31, 2023. During the second quarter of 2022, 2.8 million of our convertible notes due 2025 were converted to 217,304 shares of our voting common stock. Refer to "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 12. Debt and Other Obligations," for additional information. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 464.5 million , net of the related unamortized debt discount of 35.5 million , recorded within long-term debt, net and finance leases, less current maturities on our consolidated balance sheets related to our convertible notes due 2026. As of December 31, 2022, the convertible notes due 2026 did not qualify for conversion by noteholders through March 31, 2023. Refer to "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 12. Debt and Other Obligations" for additional information. 
 
 Currently, one of our largest capital expenditure needs is funding the acquisition costs of our aircraft. Aircraft are acquired through debt financing, cash purchases, direct leases or sale leaseback transactions. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we took delivery of 16 aircraft under sale-leaseback transactions and 4 spare engines purchased with cash. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we made 268.5 million in debt payments (principal, interest and fees) on our outstanding aircraft debt obligations. 
 
 Under our purchase agreements for aircraft and engines, we are required to pay PDPs relating to future deliveries at various times prior to each delivery date. During 2022, we paid 8.5 million in PDPs, net of refunds, and 18.2 million of capitalized interest for future deliveries of aircraft and spare engines. As of December 31, 2022, we had 487.6 million of pre-delivery deposits on flight equipment, including capitalized interest, on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had secured financing for 35 aircraft to be leased directly from third-party lessors, scheduled for delivery through 2024, and 11 aircraft which will be financed through sale-leaseback transactions, scheduled for delivery through 2024. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have financing commitments in place for the remaining 98 Airbus firm aircraft orders, scheduled for delivery through 2027. However, we have signed a financing letter of agreement with Airbus which provides backstop financing for a majority of the aircraft included in the A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement. The agreement provides a standby credit facility in the form of senior secured mortgage debt financing. Future aircraft deliveries may be paid in cash, leased or otherwise financed based on market conditions, our prevailing level of liquidity, and capital market availability. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were compliant with our credit card processing agreements, and not subject to any credit card holdbacks. The maximum potential exposure to cash holdbacks by our credit card processors, based upon advance ticket sales and Spirit Saver Club memberships, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, was 468.5 million and 371.8 million, respectively. 
 
 Net Cash Flows Provided (Used) By Operating Activities. Operating activities in 2022 used 89.0 million in cash compared to 208.9 million provided in 2021. Cash used by operating activities during 2022 is primarily related to the net loss in the period as well as an increase in deferred heavy maintenance and a decrease in deferred income tax benefit in the period. The cash used in the period was partially offset by higher non-cash expense of fixed asset impairment and depreciation and amortization, as well as increases in other liabilities and air traffic liability. 
 
 Operating activities in 2021 provided 208.9 million in cash compared to 225.3 million used in 2020. During 2021, we had a net loss in the period, which included a 342.2 million credit, net of the related costs, related to the grant component of the PSP2 and PSP3, as well an increase in non-cash adjustments related to depreciation and amortization and a loss on extinguishment of debt. In addition, we had an increase in accounts receivable, net offset by a decrease in income tax receivable. 
 
 Net Cash Flows Used In Investing Activities. During 2022, investing activities used 265.4 million, compared to 352.4 million used in 2021. The decrease was mainly driven by a decrease in PDPs paid, net of refunds, partially offset by an increase in purchases of property and equipment, year over year. 
 
 During 2021, investing activities used 352.4 million, compared to 554.0 million used in 2020. The decrease was mainly driven by a decrease in purchases of property and equipment, year over year, as well as a decrease in PDPs paid, net of refunds, driven by timing of future aircraft deliveries. 
 Net Cash Provided (Used) By Financing Activities. During 2022, financing activities provided 391.3 million. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we received 591.0 million, net, related to the issuance of the 8.00 Additional 
 63 

Notes due 2025, partially offset by 193.0 million in payments on debt obligations. Refer to "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 12. Debt and Other Obligations" for additional information. 
 
 During 2021, financing activities used 288.7 million. We received 614.5 million, primarily related to the issuance of the convertible notes due 2026 and the unsecured term loans in connection with the PSP2 and PSP3. In addition, we received an additional 375.7 million, in connection with the issuance of common stock and issuance of warrants in connection with the PSP2 and PSP3. We paid 470.0 million in debt principal payment obligations, 146.8 million related to the extinguishment of principal of our convertible notes due 2025 and 340.0 million related to the extinguishment of principal of our 8.00 senior secured notes. In addition, we paid 317.9 million in premiums in connection with the debt extinguishments. 

Commitments and Contractual Obligations 
 Our contractual purchase commitments consist primarily of aircraft and engine acquisitions through manufacturers and aircraft leasing companies. As of December 31, 2022, our firm aircraft orders consisted of 109 A320 family aircraft with Airbus, including A319neos, A320neos and A321neos, with deliveries expected through 2027. As of December 31, 2022, we had secured financing for 11 aircraft, scheduled for delivery from Airbus from through 2024, which will be financed through sale leaseback transactions. The contractual purchase amounts for these aircraft from Airbus are included within the flight equipment purchase obligations in the table below. We did not have financing commitments in place for the remaining 98 Airbus aircraft currently on firm order, which are scheduled for delivery through 2027. However, we have signed a financing letter of agreement with Airbus which provides backstop financing for a majority of the aircraft included in the A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement. The agreement provides a standby credit facility in the form of senior secured mortgage debt financing. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, we entered into an Engine Purchase Support Agreement which requires us to purchase a certain number of spare engines in order to maintain a contractual ratio of spare engines to aircraft in the fleet. As of December 31, 2022, we are committed to purchase 19 PW1100G-JM spare engines, with deliveries through 2027. 
 During the third quarter of 2019, the United States announced its decision to levy tariffs on certain imports from the European Union, including commercial aircraft and related parts. These tariffs include aircraft and other parts that we are already contractually obligated to purchase including those reflected below. In June 2021, the United States Trade Representative announced that the United States and European Union had agreed to suspend reciprocal tariffs on large civilian aircraft for five years, pending discussions to resolve their trade dispute. For further discussion on this topic, please refer to "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business - Any tariffs imposed on commercial aircraft and related parts imported from outside the United States may have a material adverse effect on our fleet, business, financial condition and our results of operations." 
 In addition to the aircraft purchase agreement, as of December 31, 2022, we had secured financing for 35 aircraft to be leased directly from third-party lessors, scheduled for delivery through 2024. Aircraft rent commitments for future aircraft deliveries to be financed under these direct leases from third-party lessors and sale leaseback transactions are expected to be approximately 54.8 million in 2023, 181.2 million in 2024, 214.0 million in 2025, 214.0 million in 2026, 214.0 million in 2027, and 1,690.0 million in 2028 and beyond. These future commitments are not included in the table below. 
 We have significant obligations for aircraft and spare engines as 88 of our aircraft and 6 of our spare engines are financed under operating leases. These leases expire between 2024 and 2040. Aircraft rent payments were 286.0 million and 252.2 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We have contractual obligations and commitments primarily with regard to future purchases of aircraft and engines, payment of debt, and lease arrangements. The following table discloses aggregate information about our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 and the periods in which payments are due (in millions): 
 Total 2023 2024 - 2025 2026 - 2027 2028 and beyond Long-term debt (1) 3,642 337 1,546 928 831 Interest and fee commitments (2) 591 157 285 78 71 Finance and operating lease obligations 4,147 346 646 560 2,595 Flight equipment purchase obligations (3) 5,595 684 2,602 2,309 Other (4) 128 57 37 33 1 Total future payments on contractual obligations 14,103 1,581 5,116 3,908 3,498 
 
 64 

(1) Includes principal only associated with our 8.00 senior secured notes, senior term loans, fixed-rate loans, unsecured term loans, Class A, Class B, and Class C Series 2015-1 EETCs, Class AA, Class A, Class B, and Class C Series 2017-1 EETCs, convertible notes and our revolving credit facilities. Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 12. Debt and Other Obligations. 
 (2) Related to our 8.00 senior secured notes, senior term loans, fixed-rate loans, unsecured term loans and Class A, Class B, and Class C Series 2015-1 EETCs, and Class AA, Class A, Class B, and Class C Series 2017-1 EETCs and convertible debt. Includes interest accrued as of December 31, 2022 related to our variable-rate revolving credit facility. 
 (3) Includes estimated amounts for contractual price escalations and PDPs. 
 (4) Primarily related to our new headquarters campus and residential building, reservation system and other miscellaneous subscriptions and services. Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 16. Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2019, we purchased an 8.5-acre parcel of land for 41.0 million and entered into a 99-year lease agreement for the lease of a 2.6-acre parcel of land, in Dania Beach, Florida, where we are building a new headquarters campus. During the first quarter of 2022, we began building our new headquarters campus with an expected completion during the first quarter of 2024. Operating lease commitments related to this lease are included in the table above under the caption "Finance and operating lease obligations." For more detailed information, please refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 13. Leases." 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a line of credit for 20.1 million and 10.1 million, respectively, related to corporate credit cards. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had drawn 1.8 million and 5.6 million, respectively, which is included within accounts payable on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had lines of credit with counterparties for both physical fuel delivery and derivatives, if any, in the amount of 41.5 million . As of December 31, 2022, we had drawn 2.0 million on these lines of credit for physical fuel delivery. We are required to post collateral for any excess above the lines of credit if the derivatives, if any, are in a net liability position and make periodic payments in order to maintain an adequate undrawn portion for physical fuel delivery. As of December 31, 2022, we did not hold any derivatives. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 11.2 million in uncollateralized surety bonds and 85.0 million standby letters of credit collateralized by 75.0 million of restricted cash, representing an off balance-sheet commitment, of which 31.0 million were issued letters of credit. 
 65 

GLOSSARY OF AIRLINE TERMS 
 Set forth below is a glossary of industry terms: 
 Adjusted CASM means operating expenses, excluding loss on disposal of assets, special charges (credits), accelerated depreciation and federal excise tax recovery adjustments, divided by ASMs. 
 Adjusted CASM ex fuel means operating expenses excluding aircraft fuel expense, loss on disposal of assets, special charges (credits), accelerated depreciation and federal excise tax recovery adjustments, divided by ASMs. 
 AFA-CWA means the Association of Flight Attendants-CWA. 
 Air traffic liability or ATL means the value of tickets sold in advance of travel. 
 ALPA means the Air Line Pilots Association, International. 
 AMFA means the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association. 
 ASIF means an Aviation Security Infrastructure Fee assessed by the TSA on each airline. 
 Available seat miles or ASMs means the number of seats available for passengers multiplied by the number of miles the seats are flown, also referred to as "capacity." 
 Average aircraft means the average number of aircraft in our fleet as calculated on a daily basis. 
 Average daily aircraft utilization means block hours divided by number of days in the period divided by average aircraft. 
 Average fuel cost per gallon means total aircraft fuel expense divided by the total number of fuel gallons consumed. 
 Average stage length represents the average number of miles flown per flight. 
 Average yield means average operating revenue earned per RPM, calculated as total revenue divided by RPMs, also referred to as "passenger yield." 
 Block hours means the number of hours during which the aircraft is in revenue service, measured from the time of gate departure before take-off until the time of gate arrival at the destination. 
 CASM or unit costs means operating expenses divided by ASMs. 
 
 CBA means a collective bargaining agreement. 
 
 CBP means United States Customs and Border Protection. 
 
 DOT means the United States Department of Transportation. 
 
 "EETC" means enhanced equipment trust certificate. 
 
 EPA means the United States Environmental Protection Agency. 
 
 FAA means the United States Federal Aviation Administration. 
 Fare revenue per passenger flight segment means total fare passenger revenue divided by passenger flight segments. 
 FCC means the United States Federal Communications Commission. 
 "FLL Airport" means the Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport. 
 GDS means Global Distribution System (e.g., Amadeus, Galileo, Sabre and Worldspan). 
 "IAMAW" means the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. 
 Into-plane fuel cost per gallon means into-plane fuel expense divided by number of fuel gallons consumed. 
 Into-plane fuel expense represents the cost of jet fuel and certain other charges such as fuel taxes and oil. 
 66 

Load factor means the percentage of aircraft seats actually occupied on a flight (RPMs divided by ASMs). 
 NMB means the National Mediation Board. 
 "Non-ticket revenue" means total non-fare passenger revenue and other revenue. 
 Non-ticket revenue per passenger flight segment means total non-fare passenger revenue and other revenue divided by passenger flight segments. 
 OTA means Online Travel Agent (e.g., Orbitz and Travelocity). 
 "PAFCA" means the Professional Airline Flight Control Association. 
 Passenger flight segments means the total number of passengers flown on all flight segments. 
 PDP means pre-delivery deposit payment. 
 Revenue passenger mile or RPM means one revenue passenger transported one mile. RPMs equals revenue passengers multiplied by miles flown, also referred to as "traffic." 
 RLA means the United States Railway Labor Act. 
 Total operating revenue per ASM, TRASM or unit revenue means operating revenue divided by ASMs. 
 TWU means the Transport Workers Union of America. 
 TSA means the United States Transportation Security Administration. 
 ULCC means ultra low-cost carrier. 

67 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market Risk-Sensitive Instruments and Positions 
 We are subject to certain market risks, including commodity prices (specifically aircraft fuel) and interest rates. We purchase the majority of our jet fuel at prevailing market prices and seek to manage market risk through execution of our hedging strategy and other means. However, we do not currently hold any derivative financial instruments. We have market-sensitive instruments in the form of fixed-rate debt instruments. The adverse effects of changes in these markets could pose a potential loss as discussed below. The sensitivity analysis provided below does not consider the effects that such adverse changes may have on overall economic activity, nor does it consider additional actions we may take to mitigate our exposure to such changes. Actual results may differ. 
 Aircraft Fuel . Our results of operations can vary materially due to changes in the price and availability of aircraft fuel. Aircraft fuel expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, represented approximately 34.1 of our operating expenses. Volatility in aircraft fuel prices or a shortage of supply could have a material adverse effect on our operations and operating results. We source a significant portion of our fuel from refining resources located in the southeast United States, particularly facilities adjacent to the Gulf of Mexico. Gulf Coast fuel is subject to volatility and supply disruptions, particularly during hurricane season when refinery shutdowns have occurred, or when the threat of weather related disruptions has caused Gulf Coast fuel prices to spike above other regional sources. Gulf Coast Jet indexed fuel is the basis for a substantial majority of our fuel consumption. Based on our annual fuel consumption, a hypothetical 10 increase in the average price per gallon of aircraft fuel would have increased into-plane aircraft fuel cost for 2022 by 193.0 million. 
 Interest Rates . We have market risk associated with our short-term investment securities, which had a fair market value of 107.1 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Fixed-Rate Debt . As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,870.7 million outstanding in fixed-rate debt related to 43 Airbus A320 aircraft and 30 Airbus A321 aircraft, which had a fair value of 1,704.0 million. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had 1,110.0 million and 136.3 million outstanding in fixed-rate debt related to our 8.00 senior secured notes and our unsecured term loans, respectively, which had fair values of 1,085.0 million and 116.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we also had 525.4 million outstanding in convertible debt which had a fair value of 450.0 million. 
 Variable-Rate Debt. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any outstanding variable-rate long term debt. 
 68 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Page Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 71 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 75 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 76 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 105 

69 

Spirit Airlines, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except per-share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating revenues: Passenger Other Total operating revenues Operating expenses: Aircraft fuel Salaries, wages and benefits Landing fees and other rents Depreciation and amortization Aircraft rent Maintenance, materials and repairs Distribution Special charges (credits) ) ) Loss on disposal of assets Other operating Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) ) ) Other (income) expense: Interest expense Loss on extinguishment of debt Capitalized interest ) ) ) Interest income ) ) ) Other (income) expense Total other (income) expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Basic loss per share ) ) ) Diluted loss per share ) ) ) ` 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 70 

Spirit Airlines, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on short-term investment securities and cash and cash equivalents, net of deferred taxes of ), ) and ) 
 ) ) ) Interest rate derivative loss reclassified into earnings, net of taxes of , and 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

71 

Spirit Airlines, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investment securities Accounts receivable, net Income tax receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment: Flight equipment Ground property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets Pre-delivery deposits on flight equipment Deferred heavy maintenance, net Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Air traffic liability Current maturities of long-term debt, net, and finance leases Current maturities of operating leases Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt and finance leases, less current maturities Operating leases, less current maturities Deferred income taxes Deferred gains and other long-term liabilities Shareholders equity: Common stock: Common stock, par value, shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and issued and and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in-capital Treasury stock, at cost: and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 72 

Spirit Airlines, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided (used) by operations: Losses reclassified from other comprehensive income Share-based compensation Allowance for doubtful accounts (recoveries) ) ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Depreciation and amortization Accretion of convertible debt and senior secured notes 
 Amortization of debt discount Deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Fixed asset impairment charges Loss on disposal of assets Loss on extinguishment of debt Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Deposits and other assets ) Prepaid income taxes ) Deferred heavy maintenance ) ) ) Income tax receivable ) Accounts payable ) Air traffic liability ) Other liabilities Other Net cash provided (used) by operating activities ) ) 
 73 

Investing activities: Purchase of available-for-sale investment securities ) ) ) Proceeds from the maturity and sale of available-for-sale investment securities Pre-delivery deposits on flight equipment, net of refunds ) ) ) Capitalized interest ) ) ) Assets under construction for others ) ) ) Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants Proceeds from stock options exercised Payments on debt obligations ) ) ) Payments for the early extinguishment of debt ) Payments on finance lease obligations ) ) ) Reimbursement for assets under construction for others Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Debt and equity issuance costs ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period (1) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period (1) Supplemental disclosures Cash payments for: Interest, net of capitalized interest Income taxes paid (received), net ) ) ) Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows for operating leases Financing cash flows for finance leases Non-cash transactions: Capital expenditures funded by finance lease borrowings Capital expenditures funded by operating lease borrowings 
 (1) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 74 

Spirit Airlines, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 (In thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Effect of ASU No. 2016-13 implementation ) ) Share-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) Proceeds from options exercised Changes in comprehensive income Issuance of common stock and warrants, net Equity component value of convertible debt issuance, net Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Effect of ASU No. 2020-06 implementation ) ) Share-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) Changes in comprehensive income Issuance of common stock and warrants, net Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Convertible debt conversions Share-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) Changes in comprehensive income ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 75 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 
 reportable segment. 
 senior secured notes and cash pledged as collateral against the Company's secured letters of credit. 
 
 The allowance for doubtful accounts was immaterial as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 In addition, the provision for doubtful accounts and write-offs for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were each immaterial. 

76 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 . Property under finance leases and related obligations are initially recorded at an amount equal to the present value of future minimum lease payments computed using the Company's incremental borrowing rate or, when known, the interest rate implicit in the lease. Amortization of property under finance leases is recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in depreciation and amortization expense. 
 
 Spare rotables and flight assemblies to years 
 Other equipment and vehicles to years 
 Internal use software to years 
 Finance leases Lease term or estimated useful life of the asset Leasehold improvements Lesser of lease term or estimated useful life of the improvement Buildings Lesser of lease term or years 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had aircraft, spare engines and flight simulators capitalized within flight equipment with depreciable lives of years. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had aircraft financed through operating leases with lease terms from to years. In addition, the Company had spare engines financed through operating leases with lease terms from years to years. 
 
 Amortization of heavy maintenance Amortization of capitalized software Total depreciation and amortization 
 Capitalized computer software, included as a component of ground and other equipment in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, net of amortization, was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company placed in service internal-use software of million, million and million, during the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 77 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

of its A319 aircraft, which were owned and unencumbered, as of December 31, 2022. In January 2023, the Company executed a purchase agreement to sell these aircraft over the next two years. The Company concluded that Management s plan to early retire and ultimately sell these A319 aircraft is an impairment indicator which required the Company to test the recoverability of the related asset group as of December 31, 2022. No impairment indicators existed and no charges were necessary under applicable accounting standards as of December 31, 2022, for the remaining flight equipment, which together represent one asset group. 
 The Company concluded that the net book value of this specific asset group of owned A319 aircraft is not recoverable as of December 31, 2022, due to changes to the estimated future cash flows primarily driven by the significant reductions to their remaining operating lives. As a result, the Company recognized million in impairment-related charges for the amount by which the carrying amount of this asset group, including the related net capitalized maintenance, exceeded its estimated fair value. The impairment charges were recorded within special charges (credits) in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. The fair values of these assets were determined using Level 3 fair value inputs primarily based on the agreed upon sales price for each aircraft, adjusted for estimated utilization in the period of operation from December 31, 2022 to the 
 78 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million. For additional information, refer to Note 3, Special Charges and Credits. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had ATL balances of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of the ATL balance as of December 31, 2021 had been recognized. Substantially all of the Company's ATL balance as of December 31, 2022 is expected to be recognized within 12 months. 
 Non-fare Total passenger revenues Other Total operating revenues 
 
 days from the date the credit shell is created. Credit shells can be used towards the purchase of a new ticket and the Company s other service offerings. Both service charge and credit shell amounts are recorded as deferred revenue and amounts expected to expire unused are estimated based on historical experience. 
 
 Estimating the amount of credits that will go unused involves some level of subjectivity and judgment. Assumptions used to generate breakage estimates can be impacted by several factors including, but not limited to, changes to the Company's ticketing policies, changes to the Company s refund, exchange, and credit shell policies, and economic factors. The amount of credit shells issued varies, primarily due to the flight delays and cancellation events throughout the year. The Company generally experiences some variability in the amount of breakage revenue recognized throughout the year and expects some variability in the amount of breakage revenue recorded in future periods, as the estimates of the portion of those funds that will expire unused may differ from historical experience. 
 
 Other Revenues 
 
 Other revenues primarily consist of the marketing component of the sale of frequent flyer miles to the Company's credit card partner and commissions revenue from the sale of various items such as hotels and rental cars. 
 
 79 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 types of transactions that are considered revenue arrangements with multiple performance obligations: (1) points earned with travel and (2) points sold to its co-branded credit card partner. 
 
 Passenger ticket sales earning points. Passenger ticket sales earning points provide customers with (1) points earned and (2) air transportation. The Company values each performance obligation on a stand-alone basis and allocates the consideration to each performance obligation based on their relative fair value. To value the point credits earned, the Company considers the quantitative value a passenger receives by redeeming points for a ticket rather than paying cash, which is referred to as equivalent ticket value ("ETV"). 
 
 The Company defers revenue for the points when earned and recognizes loyalty travel awards in passenger revenue as the points are redeemed and services are provided. The Company records the air transportation portion of the passenger ticket sales in air traffic liability and recognizes passenger revenue when transportation is provided or if the ticket goes unused, at the date of scheduled travel. 
 
 Sale of points. Customers may earn points based on their spending with the Company's co-branded credit card company with which the Company has an agreement to sell points. The contract to sell points under this agreement has multiple performance obligations, as discussed below. 

The Company defers the amount for award travel obligation as part of loyalty deferred revenue within ATL on the consolidated balance sheet and recognizes loyalty travel awards in passenger revenue as the points are used for travel. Revenue allocated to advertising and the remaining performance obligations, primarily marketing components, is recorded in other revenue over time as points are delivered. Total unrecognized revenue from future FREE SPIRIT loyalty program was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The current portion of this balance is recorded within air traffic liability and the long-term portion of this balance is recorded within deferred gains and other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 

80 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Amortization of heavy maintenance and major overhaul costs charged to depreciation and amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company deferred million, million and million, respectively, of costs for heavy maintenance. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a deferred heavy maintenance balance of million and million, and accumulated heavy maintenance amortization of million and million, respectively. In addition, the Company wrote off million, net, of capitalized heavy maintenance related to the accelerated retirement of of its A319 aircraft described above. 
 
 Non-utilization-based maintenance expense Total maintenance, materials and repairs 
 million and million, respectively, of aircraft maintenance deposits. 
 
 81 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Marketing and advertising expenses of million, million and million for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were recorded within distribution expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a valuation allowance of million and million, respectively. For additional information, refer to Note 15, Income Taxes. 
 
 For additional information, refer to Note 10, Stock-Based Compensation. 
 Payroll Support Program 
 During 2020 and 2021, in order to assist the Company to pay for salaries, wages and benefits for its employees, t he Company entered into separate Payroll Support Program Agreements (PSP1, PSP2 and PSP3) with the Treasury. The agreements provided the Company with grants (refer to Note 3, Special Charges and Credits for additional information), unsecured term loans (refer to Note 12, Debt and Other Obligations for additional information) and warrants (refer to Note 9, Equity for additional information). The funds provided were used exclusively to pay for salaries, wages and benefits for the Company's employees. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is in compliance with the terms of the PSP1, PSP2 and PSP3. 
 , and of total operating expenses in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company s operations are largely concentrated in the southeast United States with Fort Lauderdale being the highest volume fueling point in the system. Gulf Coast Jet indexed fuel is the basis for a substantial majority of the Company s fuel consumption. Any disruption to the oil production or refinery capacity in the Gulf Coast, as a result of weather or any other disaster, or disruptions in supply of jet fuel, dramatic escalations in the costs of jet fuel and/or the failure of fuel providers to perform under fuel arrangements for other reasons could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company s operations will continue to be vulnerable to weather conditions (including hurricane season or snow and severe winter weather), which could disrupt service or create air traffic control problems. These events may result in decreased revenue and/or increased costs. 
 
 82 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 union-represented employee groups that together represented approximately of all employees. In addition, the Company's aircraft maintenance technicians are represented by AMFA. The related collective bargaining agreement is currently under negotiation. A strike or other significant labor dispute with the Company s unionized employees is likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to conduct business. Additional disclosures are included in Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies. 

2. 
 million in cash to Frontier for Frontier s reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (the Frontier Expenses ). 
 
 Announcement of JetBlue Merger 
 
 On July 28, 2022, Spirit entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with JetBlue Airways Corporation, a Delaware corporation JetBlue ), and Sundown Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of JetBlue Merger Sub ), pursuant to which and subject to the terms and conditions therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Spirit, with Spirit continuing as the surviving entity (the Merger ). As a result of the Merger, each outstanding share of Spirit's common stock (except for dissenting shares, treasury stock, and shares of Spirit's common stock owned by JetBlue, Merger Sub or any of their respective wholly owned subsidiaries), will be converted into the right to receive an amount in cash per share, without interest, equal to (such amount, the Merger Consideration (i) minus (ii) (A) (the Approval Prepayment Amount ), to the extent paid (the Approval Prepayment upon the adoption by Spirit stockholders of the Merger Agreement (or, in the event that the closing of the Merger (the Closing occurs after the record date for the prepayment of, but before the payment date of, such Approval Prepayment Amount, to the extent payable after the Closing), and (B) an additional per share prepayment amount calculated as the product of and the number of additional prepayments paid (or, in the event the Closing occurs after the record date of, but before the payment date of any such additional prepayment, to the extent payable after the Closing), not to exceed per share of Spirit common stock, by JetBlue to Spirit stockholders in accordance with the Merger Agreement after December 31, 2022 (each such payment is referred to as an Additional Prepayment and such amount is referred to as the Additional Prepayment Amount ). If an aggregate of of Additional Prepayment Amounts has been paid out before consummation or termination of the merger, Spirit stockholders will thereafter continue to receive monthly Additional Prepayments, at the same per month rate, not to exceed in the aggregate. The total potential cash receivable by Spirit stockholders, including the Approval Prepayment Amount and such aggregate Additional Prepayment Amounts, can therefore equal up to per share, assuming the transaction closes on or after July 24, 2024. 
 
 JetBlue will pay or cause to be paid the Approval Prepayment Amount to Spirit stockholders as of the record date established by Spirit for the special meeting to approve the Merger Agreement within five business days following such Spirit stockholder approval. Thereafter, on or prior to the last business day of each month beginning after December 31, 2022 until the earlier of the Closing or termination of the Merger Agreement, JetBlue will also pay or cause to be paid the Additional Prepayment Amount to Spirit stockholders as of a record date not more than business days prior to the last business day of such month. The Company expects payments made from JetBlue to Spirit stockholders will not impact the Company's results of operations or cash flows. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, JetBlue reimbursed the Company for the million Frontier Expenses discussed above. 
 
 On October 19, 2022, Spirit s stockholders approved the Merger Agreement at a special meeting of stockholders. The record date for both the Company s special meeting and the Approval Prepayment is September 12, 2022. Therefore, all Spirit stockholders of record as of September 12, 2022 are entitled to receive the Approval Prepayment in accordance with the Merger Agreement. On October 26, 2022, JetBlue paid the Spirit stockholders the Approval Prepayment Amount of per share. Additionally, on January 31, 2023, JetBlue paid the first Additional Prepayment of per share to all Spirit stockholders of record as of January 25, 2023. 
 
 83 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million. Upon the termination of the Merger Agreement by JetBlue because of a material, uncured breach by Spirit of the Merger Agreement, Spirit will be required to pay JetBlue an amount equal to the sum of all amounts paid by JetBlue to the Spirit stockholders. Upon the termination of the Merger Agreement for failure to obtain antitrust regulatory clearance, JetBlue will be required to pay (i) to Spirit, million, and (ii) to the Spirit stockholders, the excess of (A) million minus (B) the sum of the Approval Prepayment Amount and all Additional Prepayment Amounts previously paid by JetBlue to the Spirit stockholders. 

3. 
 
 million within special charges (credits) on the Company's consolidated statements of operations in impairment charges related to the planned acceleration of the retirement of of its A319 aircraft. For additional information, refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 
 In addition, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million within special charges (credits) on the Company's consolidated statements of operations, in legal, advisory and other fees related to the former Frontier Merger Agreement, JetBlue's unsolicited proposal, received in March 2022, to acquire all of the Company's outstanding shares in an all-cash transaction and the JetBlue Merger Agreement entered into on July 28, 2022. 
 
 As part of the former Frontier Merger Agreement, the Company implemented an employee retention bonus program. On July 27, 2022, the Frontier Merger Agreement was mutually terminated; therefore, of the target retention bonus was awarded to the Company's employees during the third quarter of 2022. In addition, as part of the JetBlue Merger Agreement, the Company implemented an additional employee retention bonus program during the third quarter of 2022. The target retention bonus will be paid to the Company's employees upon the successful close of the Merger. In the event the Merger fails or is abandoned, of the target retention bonus will be paid to the Company's employees upon termination of the Merger. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million within special charges (credits) on the Company's consolidated statements of operations, related to the Company's retention bonus programs. 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a million credit, net of the related costs, within special charges (credits) on the Company s consolidated statements of operations related to the grant component of the PSP2 and PSP3 agreements with the Treasury. 
 
 In addition, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a credit of million related to the CARES Act Employee Retention credit within special charges (credits) on the Company s consolidated statements of operation. These special credits were partially offset by million in special charges recorded during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 related to salaries, wages and benefits paid to rehired employees, previously terminated with the Company's involuntary employee separation program, in compliance with the restrictions of PSP2 and PSP3. 
 84 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

million credit, net of the related costs, within special charges (credits) on the Company s consolidated statements of operations related to the grant component of the PSP with the Treasury. These funds were used exclusively to pay for salaries, wages and benefits for the Company's Team Members through September 30, 2020. 
 
 million related to the CARES Act Employee Retention credit within special charges (credits) on the Company s consolidated statements of operation. These special credits were partially offset by million 

4. 
 million in loss on disposal of assets in the consolidated statement of operations. This loss on disposal of assets mainly consisted of million related to the loss on aircraft sale leaseback transactions completed during 2022 and million related to the impairment of spare engine during the first quarter of 2022 which was damaged beyond economic repair. 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million in loss on disposal of assets in the consolidated statement of operations. This loss on disposal of assets mainly consisted of million related to the loss on aircraft sale leaseback transactions completed during 2021 and million related to the loss on the sale of auxiliary power units ("APUs"). 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded million in loss on disposal of assets in the consolidated statement of operations. This loss on disposal of assets mainly consisted of million related to the write-off of certain unrecoverable costs previously capitalized with a project to upgrade the Company's enterprise accounting software which was subsequently suspended and million related to the disposal of excess and obsolete inventory. 

5. 
 million in standby letters of credit secured by million of restricted cash, of which million were issued letters of credit. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had a million standby letters of credit secured by million restricted cash, of which million were issued letters of credit. 

6. 
 remittances. 
 The maximum potential exposure to cash holdbacks by the Company's credit card processors, based upon advance ticket sales and Spirit Saver Club memberships as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million , respectively. 
 85 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 7. 
 
 million and million, respectively, in short-term available-for-sale investment securities. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, these investments earned interest income at a weighted-average fixed rate of approximately , and respectively. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, an unrealized loss of thousand and thousand, net of deferred taxes, respectively, were recorded within AOCI related to these investment securities. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did recognize any realized gains or losses related to these securities as the Company did not transact any sales of these securities during this period. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, thousand and thousand, net of tax, respectively, remained in AOCI, related to these instruments. 

8. 
 Federal excise and other passenger taxes and fees payable Airport obligations Fuel Aircraft maintenance Interest payable Aircraft and facility lease obligations Other Other current liabilities 

9. 
 shares of common stock, par value per share, shares of non-voting common stock, par value per share and shares of preferred stock, par value per share. All of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock and preferred stock, if any, are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The Company s shares of common stock and non-voting common stock are not redeemable and do not have preemptive rights. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock or non-voting common stock outstanding. 
 Common Stock 
 Dividend Rights . Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Company s board of directors out of legally available funds ratably with shares of the Company s non-voting common stock, subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock and limitations under Delaware law. 
 Voting Rights . Each holder of the Company s common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. The Company s stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the voting shares are able to elect all of the directors properly up for election at any given stockholders meeting. 
 86 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 thousand, thousand and thousand shares, respectively, for million, million and million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did retire any treasury shares. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 In connection with the Company's participation in the PSP agreement with the Treasury, during 2020, the Company issued to the Treasury warrants pursuant to a warrant agreement to purchase up to shares of the Company's common stock at a strike price of per share (the closing price for the shares of the Company's common stock on April 9, 2020). In connection with the Company's participation in the PSP2 and PSP3 agreements with the Treasury, during 2021, the Company issued to the Treasury warrants pursuant to a warrant agreement to purchase up to and shares of the Company's common stock at a strike price of (the closing price for the shares of the Company's common stock on December 24, 2020) and (the closing price for the shares of the Company's common stock on March 10, 2021) per share. 
 The warrants are transferable and have no voting rights. The warrants expire in from the date of issuance and at the Company's option, may be settled on a "net cash" or "net shares" basis. The warrants issued in connection with the PSP, PSP2 and PSP3 agreements represent less than of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock as of December 31, 2022 . 
 The Company concluded that the PSP, PSP2 and PSP3 warrant agreement are a derivative contract classified within equity, at fair value upon issuance, within the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Equity-classified contracts are initially measured at fair value and subsequent changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the contract continues to be classified in equity. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had recorded million, net of issuance costs, in APIC related to the fair value of the warrants issued. 

10. 
 million shares. The amendment was subsequently approved by the Company's stockholders on May 20, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, remained available for future issuance under the 2015 Plan, as amended. 
 Stock-based compensation cost amounted to million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2022, 2021 and 2020 there was a million, million and million tax benefit recognized in income related to stock-based compensation. 
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 Restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards are valued at the fair value of the shares on the date of grant. Generally, granted shares and units vest over a two to graded vesting period. Each restricted stock unit represents the right to 
 87 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 days after vesting, the shares underlying the award will be issued to the participant. In the event a successor corporation in a change in control situation fails to assume or substitute for the restricted stock units, the restricted stock units will automatically vest in full as of immediately prior to the consummation of such change in control. In the event of death or permanent disability of a participant, the restricted stock units will automatically vest in full. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 There were and restricted stock shares granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was million and million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock to be recognized over years and years, respectively. 
 The weighted-average fair value of restricted stock granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The total fair value of restricted stock shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Performance and Market Share Awards 
 The Company grants certain executives performance and market stock units that vest based on either market, performance or market and performance conditions as part of a long-term incentive plan. The number of shares of common stock underlying each award is determined at the end of the performance period. In order to vest, the executive must still be employed by the Company, with certain contractual exclusions, at the end of the performance period. 
 million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was million and million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested performance and market share awards expected to be recognized over years and years, respectively. 
 
 88 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 11.) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic Effect of dilutive stock awards Adjusted weighted-average shares outstanding, diluted Loss per Share: Basic loss per common share ) ) ) Diluted loss per common share ) ) ) 

89 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 12. 
 
 million principal amount of senior secured notes due 2025 (the Additional Notes ). The Issuers had previously issued Senior Secured Notes due 2025 in an aggregate principal amount of million pursuant to an indenture, dated September 17, 2020 (the Existing Indenture ), of which million were redeemed on May 10, 2021 (the Existing Notes ). The Additional Notes will be treated as a single series of senior secured debt securities with the Existing Notes and as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation, waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase. 
 
 The Additional Notes are guaranteed by the Company, HoldCo 1, a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and HoldCo 2, a direct subsidiary of HoldCo 1 and indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. HoldCo 1 and HoldCo 2 are referred to together as the "Cayman Guarantors, The Additional Notes will be secured by, among other things, a first priority lien on the core assets of the Company s loyalty programs (comprised of cash proceeds from its Free Spirit co-branded credit card programs, its Spirit Saver Club program membership fees, and certain intellectual property required or necessary to operate the loyalty programs) as well as the Company s brand intellectual property. 
 
 The Additional Notes will mature on September 20, 2025 and bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable in quarterly installments on January 20, April 20, July 20 and October 20 of each year, beginning January 20, 2023. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 , the Company received proceeds of million, net of issuance costs of million and original issue discount of million, related to this private offering. The Additional Notes are secured on a senior basis by first-priority security interests in substantially all of the assets of the Issuers, other than excluded property and subject to certain permitted liens. 
 
 Revolving credit facility due in 2024 
 
 On March 30, 2020, the Company entered into a revolving credit facility for million, with an option to increase the overall commitment amount up to million with the consent of any participating lenders and subject to borrowing base availability. In the second quarter of 2020, the commitment was increased to million and during the first quarter of 2021, the commitment was further increased to million. In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2022, the commitment was increased to million and the credit agreement was amended to implement SOFR as a successor interest rate to LIBOR . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, undrawn and available under its revolving credit facility. Any amounts drawn on this facility are included in long-term debt and finance leases, less current maturities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The final maturity of the facility is March 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company may pledge the following types of assets as collateral to secure its obligations under the revolving credit facility: (i) certain take-off and landing rights of the Company at LaGuardia Airport, (ii) certain eligible aircraft spare parts and ground support equipment, (iii) aircraft, spare engines and flight simulators, (v) real property assets and (vi) cash and cash equivalents. The revolving credit facility bears variable interest based on SOFR, plus a margin per annum, or another rate, at the Company's election, based on certain market interest rates, plus a margin per annum, in each case with a floor of . 

90 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million, of which no more than million may be derived from unused commitments under the 2024 revolving credit facility, (ii) a minimum ratio of the borrowing base of the collateral described above (determined as the sum of a specified percentage of the appraised value of each type of such collateral) to outstanding obligations under the 2024 revolving credit facility of not less than to 1.0 (if the Company does not meet the minimum collateral coverage ratio, it must either provide additional collateral to secure its obligations under the 2024 revolving credit facility or repay the loans under the 2024 revolving credit facility by an amount necessary to maintain compliance with the collateral coverage ratio), and (iii) at any time following the date that is one month after the effective date of the 2024 revolving credit facility, the pledged take-off and landing rights of the Company at LaGuardia Airport and a specified number of spare engines in the collateral described above so long as any loans or letters of credit are outstanding under the 2024 revolving credit facility. 
 
 Convertible senior notes due 2025 
 
 On May 12, 2020, the Company completed the public offering of million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2025 ("convertible notes due 2025"). 
 
 Noteholders may convert their notes at their option only in the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2020 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds of the conversion price for each of at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (2) during the consecutive business days immediately after any five consecutive trading day period (such five consecutive trading day period, the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on the Company s common stock; and (4) at any time from, and including, February 18, 2025 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. As of December 31, 2022, the notes may be converted by noteholders through March 31, 2023. 
 
 Based on the terms of the indenture, upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company s election. However, based on the terms of the Frontier Merger Agreement executed on February 5, 2022 (the Frontier Merger Agreement date), upon conversion of any convertible notes due 2025 through the closing or termination of the Frontier Merger, the conversion value, including the principal amount, were to be paid all in shares of the Company's common stock. On July 27, 2022, the Frontier Merger Agreement was terminated; however, on July 28, 2022, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement with JetBlue. Based on the terms of the Merger Agreement with JetBlue, upon conversion of any convertible notes due 2025 through the closing or termination of the Merger Agreement with JetBlue, the conversion value, including the principal amount, will be paid all in shares of the Company's common stock. The initial conversion rate is shares of voting common stock per principal amount of convertible notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock). The conversion rate will be subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. Due to the payment of the Approval Prepayment Amount on October 26, 2022 and the Additional Approval Prepayment Amount paid on January 31, 2023 , on January 24, 2023, the Company announced an adjustment to the conversion rate of its convertible senior notes due 2025. The conversion rate was adjusted from shares to shares of voting common stock per principal amount of convertible notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock). 
 
 During 2022, million of the Company's convertible notes due 2025 were converted to shares of the Company's voting common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded million, net of issuance costs and common stock, in additional paid-in-capital o n its consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 related to the conversion of these notes. Since the notes are currently convertible in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing such notes, the Company had million recorded within c urrent maturities of long-term debt and finance leases on its consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 related to its convertible notes due 2025. As of December 31, 2022, the if-converted value exceeds the principal amount of the convertible notes due 2025 by million using the average stock price for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Convertible senior notes due 2026 
 
 91 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2026 ("convertible notes due 2026"). 
 
 Noteholders may convert their notes at their option only in the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2021 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds of the conversion price for each of at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (2) during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period (such consecutive trading day period, the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on the Company s common stock; (4) if the Company calls such notes for redemption; and (5) at any time from, and including, February 17, 2026 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. As of December 31, 2022, the notes did not qualify for conversion by noteholders through March 31, 2023. 
 
 Based on the terms of the indenture, the Company will have the right to elect to settle conversions in cash or a combination of cash and shares of common stock. Upon conversion of any notes, the Company will pay the conversion value in cash up to at least the principal amount of the notes being converted. However, based on the terms of the Frontier Merger Agreement executed on February 5, 2022 (the Frontier Merger Agreement date), upon conversion of any convertible notes due 2026 through the closing or termination of the Frontier Merger, the conversion value, including the principal amount, were to be paid all in cash. On July 27, 2022, the Frontier Merger Agreement was terminated; however, on July 28, 2022, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement with JetBlue. Based on the terms of the Merger Agreement with JetBlue, upon conversion of any convertible notes due 2026 through the closing or termination of the Merger Agreement with JetBlue, the conversion value, including the principal amount, will be paid all in cash. The conversion value will be determined over an observation period consisting of trading days. The initial conversion rate is shares of voting common stock per principal amount of convertible notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock). The conversion rate will be subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. Due to the payment of the Approval Prepayment Amount on October 26, 2022 and the Additional Approval Prepayment Amount paid on January 31, 2023 , on January 24, 2023, the Company announced an adjustment to the conversion rate of its convertible senior notes due 2026. The conversion rate was adjusted from shares to shares of voting common stock per principal amount of convertible notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock). 
 
 The Frontier Merger Agreement and the Merger Agreement with JetBlue include settlement terms for any conversion of the convertible notes due 2026, as described above, that cause the conversion option, which is an embedded derivative, not to qualify for the derivative accounting scope exception provided under ASC 815. As such, the Company bifurcated the fair value of the conversion option of the convertible senior notes due 2026 as a derivative liability with subsequent changes in fair value recorded in earnings. As of February 5, 2022, which is the date the terms of the convertible notes were modified by the Frontier Merger Agreement, the Company recorded the fair value of the embedded derivative of million as a derivative liability within deferred gains and other long-term liabilities and a debt discount within long-term debt and finance leases, less current maturities on its consolidated balance sheets. The debt discount will continue to be amortized through interest expense, using the effective interest rate method, over the remaining life of the instrument. The fair value of the conversion option did not materially change upon the termination of the Frontier Merger Agreement on July 27, 2022 and the execution of the Merger Agreement with JetBlue on July 28, 2022. 
 
 Since the notes are currently not convertible in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing such notes, the Company had million, net of the related unamortized debt discount of million, recorded within long-term debt and finance leases, less current maturities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 related to its convertible notes due 2026. For additional information, refer to Note 17, Fair Value Measurements. 
 
 Adoption of ASU No. 2020-06 
 
 In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, "Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity." This standard simplifies and adds disclosure requirements for the accounting and measurement of convertible instruments. It eliminates the treasury stock method for convertible instruments and requires application of the if-converted method for certain agreements when computing earnings per share. In addition, the standard eliminates the beneficial conversion and cash conversion accounting models that require separate accounting for embedded conversion features and the recognition of a debt discount and related amortization to interest expense of those embedded features. 
 
 92 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million to retained earnings on the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2021. This adjustment was primarily driven by the derecognition of interest expense related to the accretion of the debt discount associated with the embedded conversion option recorded in the prior period as required under the legacy guidance. In addition, the Company reclassified million, less related tax of million and issuance costs of million, from additional paid-in-capital ("APIC") to long-term debt and finance leases on the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2021. The reclassification was recorded in order to combine the two legacy units of account into a single instrument classified as a liability since bifurcation of the instrument into two units of account is no longer required under this standard. 
 senior secured notes due in 2025 
 Fixed-rate term loans due through 2039 (1) 
 Unsecured term loans due through 2031 Fixed-rate class A 2015-1 EETC due through 2028 Fixed-rate class B 2015-1 EETC due through 2024 Fixed-rate class C 2015-1 EETC due through 2023 Fixed-rate class AA 2017-1 EETC due through 2030 Fixed-rate class A 2017-1 EETC due through 2030 Fixed-rate class B 2017-1 EETC due through 2026 Fixed-rate class C 2017-1 EETC due through 2023 Convertible notes due in 2025 Convertible notes due in 2026 Long-term debt Less current maturities Less unamortized discount, net Total 
 (1) Includes obligations related to aircraft recorded as a failed sale-leaseback. Refer to Note 13, Leases for additional information. 
 The Company's debt financings entered into solely to finance aircraft acquisition costs are collateralized by first priority security interest in the individual aircraft being financed. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made principal payments of million and million on its outstanding debt obligations, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and beyond Total debt principal payments 
 93 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

senior secured notes (1) 
 Fixed-rate term loans Unsecured term loans Class A 2015-1 EETC Class B 2015-1 EETC Class C 2015-1 EETC Class AA 2017-1 EETC Class A 2017-1 EETC Class B 2017-1 EETC Class C 2017-1 EETC Convertible notes (2) 
 ) Revolving credit facilities Finance leases Commitment and other fees Amortization of deferred financing costs Total 
 (1) Includes million and million of accretion and million and million of interest expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes million of amortization of the discount for the convertible notes due 2026, million of interest expense for the convertible notes due 2025 and convertible notes due 2026, offset by million of favorable mark to market adjustments for the convertible notes due 2026 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Includes million of interest expense for the convertible notes due 2025 and convertible notes due 2026 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a line of credit for million and million , respectively, related to corporate credit cards. Respectively, the Company had drawn million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, which is included in accounts payable. 
 million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had drawn million and million 
 94 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

13. 
 
 to years for aircraft and up to years for other leased equipment and property. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a fleet consisting of A320 family aircraft. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had aircraft financed under operating leases with lease term expirations between 2024 and 2040. In addition, the Company owned aircraft of which were purchased off lease and were pledged as collateral under the Company's revolving credit facility maturing in 2024. The Company also had aircraft recorded as a failed sale-leaseback. The related finance obligation is recorded within long-term debt in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 12, Debt and Other Obligations for additional information. The related asset is recorded within flight equipment in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also had spare engines financed under operating leases with lease term expiration dates ranging from 2024 to 2033 and owned , of which, as of December 31, 2022, was unencumbered and were pledged as collateral under the Company's revolving credit facility maturing in 2024. 
 
 Total rent expense for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Total rental expense for aircraft and engine operating leases for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Under the terms of the lease agreements, the Company will continue to operate and maintain the aircraft. Payments under the majority of the lease agreements are fixed for the term of the lease. The lease agreements contain standard termination events, including termination upon a breach of the Company's obligations to make rental payments and upon any other material breach of the Company's obligations under the leases, and standard maintenance and return condition provisions. These return provisions are evaluated at inception of the lease and throughout the lease terms and are accounted for as either fixed or variable lease payments (depending on the nature of the lease return condition) when it is probable that such amounts will be incurred. When determining probability and estimated cost of lease return obligations, there are various other factors that need to be considered such as the contractual terms of the lease, the ability to swap engines or other aircraft components, current condition of the aircraft, the age of the aircraft at lease expiration, utilization of engines and other components, the extent of repairs needed at return, return locations, current configuration of the aircraft and cost of repairs and materials at the time of return. Management assesses the factors listed above and the need to accrue lease return costs throughout the lease as facts and circumstances warrant an assessment. The Company expects lease return costs will increase as individual aircraft lease agreements approach their respective termination dates and the Company begins to accrue the estimated cost of return conditions for the corresponding aircraft. Upon a termination of the lease due to a breach by the Company, the Company would be liable for standard contractual damages, possibly including damages suffered by the lessor in connection with remarketing the aircraft or while the aircraft is not leased to another party. 
 In connection with the Company's assessment of lease return costs, the Company also evaluates the recoverability of maintenance reserves paid to certain lessors that are held as collateral in advance of the Company s required performance of major maintenance activities. The requirement to pay maintenance reserves has been eliminated from the Company's lease agreements for the last several years and any outstanding maintenance reserves will continue to decline as the Company is reimbursed for qualifying maintenance events. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million of aircraft maintenance deposits. 
 Aircraft rent expense consists of monthly lease rents for aircraft and spare engines under the terms of the Company's aircraft and spare engine lease agreements recognized on a straight-line basis. Supplemental rent, recorded within aircraft rent expense, is primarily made up of probable and estimable return condition obligations, lease return costs adjustments for aircraft and engines purchased off lease and maintenance reserves paid to aircraft lessors that are not probable of being reimbursed. The Company expensed million, million and million of supplemental rent recorded within aircraft rent during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company did expense any paid maintenance reserves as supplemental rent in 2022 and 2021. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company took delivery of aircraft under direct operating leases, aircraft under sale-leaseback transactions and engines purchased with cash. 
 95 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 to years. Finance lease assets are recorded within property and equipment and the related liabilities are recorded within long-term debt and finance leases in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company purchased an -acre parcel of land for million and entered into a -year lease agreement for the lease of a -acre parcel of land, in Dania Beach, Florida, where the Company is building its new headquarters campus and a -unit residential building. During the first quarter of 2022, the Company began building its new headquarters campus and its -unit residential building with an expected completion during the first quarter of 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the -acre parcel of land and million in related construction costs were capitalized within ground property and equipment on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The -year lease was determined to be an operating lease and is recorded within operating lease right-of-use asset and operating lease liability on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Operating lease commitments related to this lease are included in the table below within property facility leases. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less amount representing interest Present value of minimum lease payments Less current portion Long-term portion 
 Commitments related to the Company's noncancellable short-term operating leases not recorded on the Company's consolidated balance sheets are expected to be million for 2023 and for 2024 and beyond. 
 
 96 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Interest of lease liabilities Operating lease cost Operating lease cost (1) 
 Short-term lease cost (1) 
 Variable lease cost (1) 
 Total lease cost 
 (1) Expenses are classified within aircraft rent and landing fees and other rents on the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 The table below presents lease-related terms and discount rates as of December 31, 2022: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term Operating leases years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 

14. 
 defined contribution 401(k) plans, Spirit Airlines, Inc. Employee Retirement Savings Plan (first plan), Spirit Airlines, Inc. Pilots Retirement Savings Plan (second plan) and Spirit Airlines, Inc. Puerto Rico Retirement Savings Plan (third plan). The first plan is for all employees that are not covered by the pilots collective bargaining agreement, who have at least days of service and have attained the age of . 
 The second plan is for the Company s pilots, and contains the same service requirements as the first plan. Beginning on March 1, 2018, the Company contributed of the individual pilot's annual compensation, regardless of the pilot's contributions to the plan. The Company's contribution increases by on an annual basis each March until 2022 at which time the contribution was . Beginning on January 1, 2024, the Company's contribution will increase to . 
 million, million and million 

15. 
 
 97 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) State and local ) Foreign ) Total current expense (benefit) ) Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) Total deferred expense (benefit) ) ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) 
 
 State tax expense, net of federal benefit Revaluation of deferred taxes Premium on convertible debt repurchase ) Other ) ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred taxes are recorded based on differences between the consolidated financial statement basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities and available tax loss and credit carryforwards. 
 98 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Net operating losses Deferred revenue Nondeductible accruals Deferred manufacturing credits Loan liability Operating lease liability Interest expense Other Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment Accrued aircraft and engine maintenance Right-of-use asset Other Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) ) 
 
 In assessing the realizability of the deferred tax assets, management considered whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets would be realized. In evaluating the Company s ability to utilize its deferred tax assets, it considered all available evidence, both positive and negative, in determining future taxable income on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a valuation allowance of million and million, respectively, against certain deferred tax assets related to equity compensation for executives due to changes in tax law resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("TCJA"), state net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of foreign tax credits, million of general business tax credits, billion of federal net operating loss and million of state net operating loss available, that may be applied against future tax liabilities. The foreign tax credits will begin to expire in 2025, the state net operating losses will begin to expire in 2027, the general business credits will begin to expire in 2038 and there is no expiration of federal net operating losses. 
 For tax years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did t recognize any liabilities for uncertain tax positions nor any interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits. 
 For tax years 2022, 2021 and 2020, all income for the Company is subject to domestic income taxes. 
 The Company files its tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. The Company's federal income tax returns for 2019 through 2021 tax years are still subject to examination in the United States Various state and foreign jurisdiction tax years also remain open to examination. The Company believes that any potential assessment would be immaterial to its consolidated financial statements. 

16. 
 A320 family aircraft with Airbus, including A319neos, A320neos and A321neos, with deliveries expected through 2027. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had secured financing for aircraft, scheduled for delivery from Airbus through 2024, 
 99 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Airbus aircraft currently on firm order, which are scheduled for delivery through 2027. However, the Company has signed a financing letter of agreement with Airbus which provides backstop financing for a majority of the aircraft included in the A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement. The agreement provides a standby credit facility in the form of senior secured mortgage debt financing. The contractual purchase amounts for these aircraft are included within the purchase commitments below. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, the Company entered into an Engine Purchase Support Agreement which requires the Company to purchase a certain number of spare engines in order to maintain a contractual ratio of spare engines to aircraft in the fleet. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is committed to purchase PW1100G-JM spare engines, with deliveries through 2027. 
 As of December 31, 2022, committed expenditures for these aircraft and spare engines, including estimated amounts for contractual price escalations and pre-delivery payments, are expected to be million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and in 2028 and beyond. 
 During the third quarter of 2019, the United States announced its decision to levy tariffs on certain imports from the European Union, including commercial aircraft and related parts. These tariffs include aircraft and other parts that the Company is already contractually obligated to purchase including those reflected above. In June 2021, the United States Trade Representative announced that the United States and European Union had agreed to suspend reciprocal tariffs on large civilian aircraft for five years, pending discussions to resolve their trade dispute. For further discussion on this topic, please refer to "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business - Any tariffs imposed on commercial aircraft and related parts imported from outside the United States may have a material adverse effect on our fleet, business, financial condition and our results of operations." 
 In addition to the aircraft purchase agreement, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had secured financing for aircraft to be leased directly from third-party lessors, scheduled for delivery through 2024. As of December 31, 2022, aircraft rent commitments for future aircraft deliveries to be financed under direct leases from third-party lessors and sale leaseback transactions are expected to be approximately million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and million in 2028 and beyond. 
 Interest commitments related to the secured debt financing of delivered aircraft as of December 31, 2022 are million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and million in 2028 and beyond. As of December 31, 2022, interest commitments related to the Company's senior secured notes, convertible debt financing, unsecured term loans and revolving credit facility are million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and million in 2028 and beyond. For principal commitments related to the Company's outstanding debt obligations, refer to Note 12, Debt and Other Obligations. 
 The Company is contractually obligated to pay the following minimum guaranteed payments for its reservation system, construction commitments related to its new headquarters campus and residential building and other miscellaneous subscriptions and services as of December 31, 2022: million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and million in 2028 and beyond. During the first quarter of 2018, the Company entered into a contract renewal with its reservation system provider which expires in 2028. 
 Litigation 
 The Company is subject to commercial litigation claims and to administrative and regulatory proceedings and reviews that may be asserted or maintained from time to time. The Company believes the ultimate outcome of such lawsuits, proceedings and reviews will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its financial position, liquidity or results of operations. In making a determination regarding accruals, using available information, the Company evaluates the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome in legal or regulatory proceedings and assessments to which the Company is a party and records a loss contingency when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These subjective determinations are based on the status of such legal or regulatory proceedings, the merits of the Company's defenses, and consultation with legal counsel. Actual outcomes of these legal and regulatory proceedings may materially differ from the Company's current estimates. It is possible that resolution of one or more of the legal matters currently pending or threatened could result in losses material to the Company's consolidated results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition. 
 100 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million. On July 19, 2022, the assessment was reduced to million. The Company believes a loss in this matter is probable and has not recognized a loss contingency. 
 Employees 
 
 The Company has union-represented employee groups that together represent approximately of all employees at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Flight Attendants Association of Flight Attendants (AFA-CWA) September 2021 Dispatchers Professional Airline Flight Control Association (PAFCA) October 2023 Ramp Service Agents International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAMAW) November 2026 Passenger Service Agents Transport Workers Union of America (TWU) February 2027 Aircraft Maintenance Technicians Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association (AMFA) (2) 
 N/A (2) 
 N/A (2) 

(1) Subject to standard early opener provisions. 
 (2) Collective bargaining agreement is currently under negotiation. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company reached an agreement with ALPA for a new agreement, which was ratified by ALPA members on January 10, 2023. 
 The Company's passenger service agents are represented by the TWU, but the representation applies only to the Company's Fort Lauderdale station where the Company has direct employees in the passenger service classification. The Company and the TWU began meeting in late October 2018 to negotiate an initial collective bargaining agreement. During February 2022, the Company reached a tentative agreement with the TWU. The Company's passenger service agents ratified the agreement on February 21, 2022. 
 In February 2021, the Company entered into a Letter of Agreement with the AFA-CWA to change the amendable date of the collective bargaining agreement from May 4, 2021 to September 1, 2021. All other terms of the collective bargaining agreement remained the same. In June 2021, the AFA-CWA notified the Company, as required by the Railway Labor Act, that it intended to submit proposed changes to the collective bargaining agreement covering the Company s flight attendants. The Company and the AFA-CWA commenced the negotiations sessions on September 27, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company continued to negotiate with the AFA-CWA. 
 In August 2022, the Company's aircraft maintenance technicians ("AMTs") voted to be represented by the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association ("AMFA") as their collective bargaining agent. In November 2022, AMFA notified the Company of its intent to negotiate a CBA and began negotiations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company continued to negotiate with AMFA. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately AMTs. 
 The Company is self-insured for health care claims, subject to a stop-loss policy, for eligible participating employees and qualified dependent medical claims, subject to deductibles and limitations. The Company s liabilities for claims incurred but not reported are determined based on an estimate of the ultimate aggregate liability for claims incurred. The estimate is calculated from actual claim rates and adjusted periodically as necessary. The Company has accrued million and 
 101 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

17. 
 
 senior secured notes 
 Level 3 Fixed-rate term loans Level 3 Unsecured term loans Level 3 2015-1 EETC Class A Level 2 2015-1 EETC Class B Level 2 2015-1 EETC Class C Level 2 2017-1 EETC Class AA Level 2 2017-1 EETC Class A Level 2 2017-1 EETC Class B Level 2 2017-1 EETC Class C Level 2 convertible notes due 2025 
 Level 2 convertible notes due 2026 
 Level 2 Total long-term debt 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 102 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million standby letter of credit secured by million of restricted cash, of which million were issued letters of credit. In addition, the Company had million of restricted cash held in accounts subject to control agreements to be used for the payment of interest and fees on the Company's senior secured notes. For additional information on the Company's senior secured notes, refer to Note 12, Debt and Other Obligations. 
 Short-term Investment Securities 
 
 Short-term investment securities at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are classified as available-for-sale and generally consist of U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agency securities with contractual maturities of twelve months or less. The Company's short-term investment securities are categorized as Level 1 instruments, as the Company uses quoted market prices in active markets when determining the fair value of these securities. For additional information, refer to Note 7, Short-term Investment Securities. 
 
 Derivative Liability 
 
 The Frontier Merger Agreement and the Merger Agreement with JetBlue include settlement terms for any conversion of the convertible notes due 2026 (as defined below) that cause the conversion option, which is an embedded derivative, not to qualify for the derivative accounting scope exception provided under ASC 815. As such, the Company bifurcated the fair value of the conversion option of the convertible notes due 2026 as a derivative liability with subsequent changes in fair value recorded in earnings. 
 
 As of February 5, 2022, which is the date the terms of the convertible notes were modified by the Frontier Merger Agreement, the Company recorded the fair value of the embedded derivative of million as a derivative liability within deferred gains and other long-term liabilities and a debt discount within long-term debt and finance leases, less current maturities on its consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the derivative liability was estimated as the difference in value of the traded price of the convertible notes, including the conversion option and the value of the convertible notes in the absence of the conversion option (the debt component). The debt component was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis with a yield calibrated to the traded price of the convertible notes. The change in fair value of the derivative liability is recorded within interest expense on the Company's consolidated statements of operations. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million in a favorable mark to market adjustment, related to the change in fair value of the derivative liability. The fair value of the conversion option did not materially change upon the termination of the Frontier Merger Agreement on July 27, 2022 and the execution of the Merger Agreement with JetBlue on July 28, 2022. The fair value of the derivative liability has been determined to be Level 2 as observable inputs were used to determine the fair value of derivative liability. For additional information, refer to Note 12, Debt and Other Obligations. 
 
 Restricted cash Short-term investment securities Assets held for sale Total assets Derivative liability Total liabilities 
 103 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

Restricted cash Short-term investment securities Assets held for sale Total assets Total liabilities 

18. 
 
 DOT Latin America and Caribbean Total 
 of the Company s total passenger revenue. The Company attributes operating revenues by geographic region based upon the origin and destination of each passenger flight segment. The Company s tangible assets consist primarily of flight equipment, which are mobile across geographic markets and, therefore, have not been allocated. 
 
 104 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Spirit Airlines, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Spirit Airlines, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 6, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Adoption of ASU No. 2020-06 
 As discussed in Note 12 to the financial statements, the Company changed its accounting and measurement of convertible instruments in 2021 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-06 Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 105 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Recoverability of aircraft maintenance deposits and accrual of lease return costs Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 38.8 million of aircraft maintenance deposits. As explained in Notes 1 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, some of the Company s aircraft and engine master lease agreements require the payment of maintenance reserves to aircraft lessors to be held as collateral in advance of performance of major maintenance activities. These lease agreements generally provide that maintenance reserves are reimbursable to the Company upon completion of the maintenance event. Maintenance reserve payments that are substantively and contractually related to the maintenance of the leased asset are accounted for as aircraft maintenance deposits to the extent they are expected to be recoverable. These lease agreements also often contain provisions that require the Company to return aircraft airframes, engines and other aircraft components to the lessor in a certain condition or pay an amount to the lessor based on the actual return condition. Management assesses the need to accrue lease return costs throughout the year or whenever facts and circumstances warrant an assessment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 16.5 million of supplemental rent, which is made up of maintenance reserves paid to aircraft lessors that are not probable of being reimbursed, and probable and estimable lease return costs. 
 
 Auditing the recoverability of maintenance deposits and the estimate of lease return costs was complex because of the significant judgment involved in determining the timing of future maintenance events. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the measurement of maintenance deposits and lease return costs. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the estimated timing of future maintenance events. 
 
 To test the recoverability of maintenance deposits and the estimate of lease return costs, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the assumptions used and the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data used in the calculations. For example, to test the assumptions related to the timing of future maintenance events, we compared projected event timing to the time interval between recently completed maintenance events, regulatory requirements for aircraft and engine maintenance, current and projected utilization metrics for the aircraft, and changes to the fleet plan. We also tested the historical accuracy of management s forecasts of maintenance events by comparing when recent maintenance events occurred to management s initial projections. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1995. 
 
 Miami, Florida 
 February 6, 2023 

106 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Spirit Airlines, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Spirit Airlines, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Spirit Airlines, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 6, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Miami, Florida 
 February 6, 2023 
 107 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies may deteriorate. 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013 framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO Framework). Based on that evaluation, management believes that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, which also audited our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. Ernst Young LLP's report on our internal control over financial reporting is included herein. 
 Changes in Inte rnal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 108 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information under the captions, Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, Committee and Meetings of the Board of Directors, Executive Officers, Code of Ethics and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in our 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information under the captions, Director Compensation and Executive Compensation in our 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information under the captions, Security Ownership and Equity Compensation Plan Information in our 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 
 The information under the captions, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate Governance in our 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information under the captions, Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 With the exception of the information specifically incorporated by reference in Part II Item 5 and Part III to this Annual Report on Form 10-K from our 2023 Proxy Statement, our 2023 Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be filed as part of this Report. 
 
 109 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements: 
 The financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data above are filed as part of this annual report. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 There are no financial statement schedules filed as part of this annual report, since the required information is included in the Financial Statements, including the notes thereto, or the circumstances requiring inclusion of such schedules are not present. 
 
 3. Exhibits: 
 The exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed on the Exhibit Index included immediately preceding the signature page. 
 
 110 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. 
 Description of Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 5, 2022, by and among Spirit Airlines, Inc., Frontier Group Holdings, Inc. and Top Gun Acquisition Corp., filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated February 7, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 2.2 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 2, 2022, by and among Spirit Airlines, Inc., Frontier Group Holdings, Inc. and Top Gun Acquisition Corp., filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated June 2, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 2.3 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 24, 2022, by and among Spirit Airlines, Inc., Frontier Group Holdings, Inc. and Top Gun Acquisition Corp., filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated June 24, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 2.4 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 28, 2022, by and among Spirit Airlines, Inc., JetBlue Airways Corporation and Sundown Acquisition Corp., filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 15, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of June 1, 2011, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K dated June 1, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of June 1, 2011, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Form 8-K dated June 1, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 3.3 Certificate of Designation of Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated March 30, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form S-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-178336), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.2 Pass Through Trust Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2015, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.3 Trust Supplement No. 2015-1A, dated as of August 11, 2015, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, to the Pass Through Trust Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2015, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.4 Trust Supplement No. 2015-1B, dated as of August 11, 2015, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, to the Pass Through Trust Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2015, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.5 Revolving Credit Agreement (2015-1A), dated as of August 11, 2015, between Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent (as agent and trustee for the trustee of Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2015-1A), as Borrower, and Natixis, acting via its New York Branch, as Liquidity Provider, filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.6 Revolving Credit Agreement (2015-1B), dated as of August 11, 2015, between Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent (as agent and trustee for the trustee of Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2015-1B), as Borrower, and Natixis, acting via its New York Branch, as Liquidity Provider, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.7 Intercreditor Agreement (2015-1), dated as of August 11, 2015, among Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2015-1A and as Trustee of the Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2015-1B, Natixis, acting via its New York Branch, as Class A Liquidity Provider and Class B Liquidity Provider, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent, filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.8 Deposit Agreement (Class A), dated as of August 11, 2015, between Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, and Natixis, acting via its New York Branch, as Depositary, filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 111 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 4.9 Deposit Agreement (Class B), dated as of August 11, 2015, between Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, and Natixis, acting via its New York Branch, as Depositary, filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.10 Escrow and Paying Agent Agreement (Class A), dated as of August 11, 2015, among Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Co. LLC and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, as Underwriters, Wilmington Trust, National Association, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Pass Through Trustee for and on behalf of Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2015-1A, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Paying Agent, filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.11 Escrow and Paying Agent Agreement (Class B), dated as of August 11, 2015, among Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley Co. LLC and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, as Underwriters, Wilmington Trust, National Association, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Pass Through Trustee for and on behalf of Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2015-1B, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Paying Agent, filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.12 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2015, among Spirit Airlines, Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Pass Through Trustee under each of the Pass Through Trust Agreements, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent, Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, and Wilmington Trust National Association, as Paying Agent, filed as Exhibit 4.11 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.13 Form of Participation Agreement (Participation Agreement among Spirit Airlines, Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Pass Through Trustee under each of the Pass Through Trust Agreements, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Loan Trustee, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its individual capacity as set forth therein) (Exhibit B to Note Purchase Agreement), filed as Exhibit 4.12 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.14 Form of Indenture and Security Agreement (Indenture and Security Agreement between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Loan Trustee) (Exhibit C to Note Purchase Agreement), filed as Exhibit 4.13 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.15 Form of Pass Through Trust Certificate, Series 2015-1A (included in Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2), filed as Exhibit 4.14 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.16 Form of Pass Through Trust Certificate, Series 2015-1B (included in Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.3), filed as Exhibit 4.15 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.17 Form of Series 2015-1 Equipment Notes (included in Section 2.01 of Exhibit 4.13), filed as Exhibit 4.16 to the Company s Form 8-K dated August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.18 Trust Supplement No. 2017-1AA, dated as of November 28, 2017, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, to the Pass Through Trust Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2015, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.19 Trust Supplement No. 2017-1A, dated as of November 28, 2017, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, to the Pass Through Trust Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2015, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.20 Trust Supplement No. 2017-1B, dated as of November 28, 2017, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, to the Pass Through Trust Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2015, filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.21 Revolving Credit Agreement (2017-1AA), dated as of November 28, 2017, between Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent (as agent and trustee for the trustee of Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1AA), as Borrower, and Commonwealth Bank of Australia, New York Branch, as Liquidity Provider, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

112 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 4.22 Revolving Credit Agreement (2017-1A), dated as of November 28, 2017, between Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent (as agent and trustee for the trustee of Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1A), as Borrower, and Commonwealth Bank of Australia, New York Branch, as Liquidity Provider, filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.23 Revolving Credit Agreement (2017-1B), dated as of November 28, 2017, between Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent (as agent and trustee for the trustee of Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1B), as Borrower, and Commonwealth Bank of Australia, New York Branch, as Liquidity Provider, filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.24 Intercreditor Agreement (2017-1), dated as of November 28, 2017, among Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1AA, as Trustee of the Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1A and as Trustee of the Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1B, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, New York Branch, as Class AA Liquidity Provider, Class A Liquidity Provider and Class B Liquidity Provider, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent, filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.25 Deposit Agreement (Class AA), dated as of November 28, 2017, between Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, and Citibank, N.A., as Depositary, filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.26 Deposit Agreement (Class A), dated as of November 28, 2017, between Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, and Citibank, N.A., as Depositary, filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.27 Deposit Agreement (Class B), dated as of November 28, 2017, between Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, and Citibank, N.A., as Depositary, filed as Exhibit 4.11 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.28 Escrow and Paying Agent Agreement (Class AA), dated as of November 28, 2017, among Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Barclays Capital Inc., as Underwriters, Wilmington Trust, National Association, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Pass Through Trustee for and on behalf of Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1AA, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Paying Agent, filed as Exhibit 4.12 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.29 Escrow and Paying Agent Agreement (Class A), dated as of November 28, 2017, among Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Barclays Capital Inc., as Underwriters, Wilmington Trust, National Association, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Pass Through Trustee for and on behalf of Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1A, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Paying Agent, filed as Exhibit 4.13 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.30 Escrow and Paying Agent Agreement (Class B), dated as of November 28, 2017, among Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Barclays Capital Inc., as Underwriters, Wilmington Trust, National Association, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Pass Through Trustee for and on behalf of Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1B, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Paying Agent, filed as Exhibit 4.14 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.31 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 28, 2017, among Spirit Airlines, Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Pass Through Trustee under each of the Pass Through Trust Agreements, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent, Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, and Wilmington Trust National Association, as Paying Agent, filed as Exhibit 4.15 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

113 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 4.32 Form of Participation Agreement (Participation Agreement among Spirit Airlines, Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Pass Through Trustee under each of the Pass Through Trust Agreements, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Loan Trustee, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its individual capacity as set forth therein) (Exhibit B to Note Purchase Agreement), filed as Exhibit 4.16 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.33 Form of Indenture and Security Agreement (Indenture and Security Agreement between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Loan Trustee) (Exhibit C to Note Purchase Agreement), filed as Exhibit 4.17 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.34 Form of Pass Through Trust Certificate, Series 2017-1AA (included in Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2), filed as Exhibit 4.18 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.35 Form of Pass Through Trust Certificate, Series 2017-1A (included in Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.3), filed as Exhibit 4.19 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.36 Form of Pass Through Trust Certificate, Series 2017-1B (included in Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.4), filed as Exhibit 4.20 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.37 Form of Series 2017-1 Equipment Notes (included in Section 2.01 of Exhibit 4.17), filed as Exhibit 4.21 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 28, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.38 Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement (2015-1), dated May 10, 2018, among Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2015-1A, as Trustee of the Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2015-1B and as Trustee of the Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2015-C, Natixis, acting via its New York Branch, as Class A Liquidity Provider and Class B Liquidity Provider, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.39 Trust Supplement No. 2015-1C, dated as of May 10, 2018, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, to the Pass Through Trust Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2015, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.40 Form of 2015-1 First Amendment to Participation Agreement (Participation Agreement among Spirit Airlines, Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Pass Through Trustee under each of the Pass Through Trust Agreements, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Loan Trustee, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its individual capacity as set forth therein), filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.41 Form of 2015-1 First Amendment to Indenture and Security Agreement (Indenture and Security Agreement between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Loan Trustee), filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.42 Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement (2017-1), dated May 10, 2018, among Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee of the Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1AA, as Trustee of the Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1A, as Trustee of the Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1B and as Trustee of the Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1C, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, New York Branch, as Class AA Liquidity Provider, Class A Liquidity Provider and Class B Liquidity Provider, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 4.43 Trust Supplement No. 2017-1C, dated as of May 10, 2018, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, to the Pass Through Trust Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2015, filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

114 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 4.44 Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2018, among Spirit Airlines, Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Pass Through Trustee under each of the Pass Through Trust Agreements, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent, Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, and Wilmington Trust National Association, as Paying Agent, filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.45 Form of Participation Agreement (Participation Agreement among Spirit Airlines, Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Pass Through Trustee under each of the Pass Through Trust Agreements, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Loan Trustee, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its individual capacity as set forth therein) (Exhibit B to Note Purchase Agreement), filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.46 Form of Indenture and Security Agreement (Indenture and Security Agreement between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Loan Trustee) (Exhibit C to Note Purchase Agreement), filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.47 Escrow and Paying Agent Agreement (Class C), dated as of May 10, 2018, among Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Barclays Capital Inc., as Underwriters, Wilmington Trust, National Association, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Pass Through Trustee for and on behalf of Spirit Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1C, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Paying Agent, filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.48 Deposit Agreement (Class C), dated as of May 10, 2018, between Wilmington Trust Company, as Escrow Agent, and Citibank, N.A., as Depositary, filed as Exhibit 4.11 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.49 Form of 2017-1 First Amendment to Participation Agreement (Participation Agreement among Spirit Airlines, Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Pass Through Trustee under each of the Pass Through Trust Agreements, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Subordination Agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Loan Trustee, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its individual capacity as set forth therein), filed as Exhibit 4.12 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference 
 4.50 Form of 2017-1 First Amendment to Indenture and Security Agreement (Indenture and Security Agreement between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Loan Trustee), filed as Exhibit 4.13 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.51 Rights Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, as Rights Agent, which includes the Form of Certificate of Designation of Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock of Spirit Airlines, Inc. as Exhibit A, the Summary of Terms of the Rights Agreement as Exhibit B and the Form of Right Certificate as Exhibit C, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated March 30, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.52 Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2020, between the Company and the United States Department of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated May 6, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.53 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, is hereby incorporated by reference from Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.52 hereto. 
 4.54 Base Indenture, dated May 12, 2020, between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated May 12, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.55 First Supplemental Indenture, dated May 12, 2020, between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K dated May 12, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 115 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 4.56 Form of Global Note representing the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.55 hereto). 
 4.57 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, issued May 29, 2020, in connection with the Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2020, between the Company and the United States Department of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 22, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.58 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, issued June 29, 2020, in connection with the Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2020, between the Company and the United States Department of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 22, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.59 Indenture, dated as of September 17, 2020, by and among Spirit IP Cayman Ltd., Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd., the guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral custodian, governing the 8.00 Senior Secured Notes due 2025, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K dated September 11, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.60 
 Form of 8.00 Senior Secured Notes due 2025, is hereby incorporated by reference from Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.59 hereto . 
 4.61 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated July 31, 2020, filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Form 8-K dated September 30, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.62 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated October 2, 2020, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K dated October 2, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.63 Warrant Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2021, between the Company and the United States Department of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 4.64 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 10, 2021 is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.64 Amendment No. 1 to Rights Agreement by and between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, dated as of March 10, 2021, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.65 Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2021, between the Company and the United States Department of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on July 28, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.66 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated March 5, 2021, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated May 18, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.67 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated April 29, 2021, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K dated May 18, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.68 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated June 3, 2021, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K dated June 30, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.69 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated April 30, 2021, between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K dated April 30, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.70 Form of Global Note representing the 1.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form 8-K dated April 30, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 4.71 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 17, 2022, among Spirit IP Cayman Ltd., Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd., the guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral custodian, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 17, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 116 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 4.72 Form of 8.00 Senior Secured Notes due 2025, is hereby incorporated by reference from Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.71 hereto. 
 4.73 Brief Description of all Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 10.1 Airbus A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2019, between Airbus S.A.S. and Spirit Airlines ,Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 5, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.2+ General Release, dated January 14, 2014, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Ben Baldanza, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 20, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.3+ Offer Letter, dated September 7, 2013, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and John Bendoraitis, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 20, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.4 Amended and Restated V2500 General Terms of Sale, dated as of October 1, 2013, by and between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and IAE International Aero Engines AG, as supplemented by Side Letter No. 1 dated as of October 1, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q/A dated February 20, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.5 Amended and Restated Fleet Hour Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2013, by and between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and IAE International Aero Engines AG, as supplemented by Side Letter No. 1 dated as of October 1, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q/A dated February 20, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.6 V2500 General Terms of Sale, dated as of October 1, 2013, by and between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and IAE International Aero Engines AG, as supplemented by Side Letter No. 1 dated as of October 1, 2013 and Side Letter No. 2 dated as of October 1, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q/A dated February 20, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.7 Fleet Hour Agreement, dated of as October 1, 2013, by and between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and IAE International Aero Engines AG, as supplemented by Side Letter No. 1 dated as of October 1, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 10-Q/A dated February 20, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.8 PurePower PW1100G Engine Purchase Support Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2013, by and between the Company and United Technologies Corporation, acting through its Pratt Whitney Division, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated October 30, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.9 Hosted Services Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2007, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Navitaire Inc., as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of October 23, 2007, Amendment No. 2 dated as of May 15, 2008, Amendment No. 3 dated as of November 21, 2008, Amendment No. 4 dated as of August 17, 2009 and Amendment No. 5 dated November 4, 2009, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Amendment No. 4 to Form S-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-169474), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.10 Signatory Agreement, dated as of May 21, 2009, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as amended by First Amendment dated January 18, 2010, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Amendment No. 4 to Form S-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-169474), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.11 Terms and Conditions for Worldwide Acceptance of the American Express Card by Airlines, dated September 4, 1998, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., as amended January 1, 2003 and August 28, 2003, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Amendment No. 4 to Form S-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-169474), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.12 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2011 between Spirit Airlines, Inc., Indigo Pacific Partners LLC, and OCM FIE, LLC, filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Form S-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-178336), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.13 Lease, dated as of June 17, 1999, between Sunbeam Development Corporation and Spirit Airlines, Inc., as amended by Lease Modification and Contraction Agreement dated as of May 7, 2009, filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Amendment No. 4 to Form S-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-169474), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.14 Lease Modification and Extension Agreement, dated as of September 26th, 2013, between Sunbeam Development Corporation and Spirit Airlines, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 20, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 117 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 10.15 Lease, dated as of September 26th, 2013, between Sunbeam Development Corporation and Spirit Airlines, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 20, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.16 Airline-Airport Lease and Use Agreement, dated as of August 17, 1999, between Broward County and Spirit Airlines, Inc., as supplemented by Addendum dated August 17, 1999, filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Amendment No. 3 to Form S-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-169474), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.17 Airbus A320 Family Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2004, between AVSA, S.A.R.L. and Spirit Airlines, Inc.; as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of December 21, 2004, Amendment No. 2 dated as of April 15, 2005, Amendment No. 3 dated as of June 30, 2005, Amendment No. 4 dated as of October 27, 2006 (as amended by Letter Agreement No. 1, dated as of October 27, 2006, to Amendment No. 4 and Letter Agreement No. 2, dated as of October 27, 2006, to Amendment No. 4), Amendment No. 5 dated as of March 5, 2007, Amendment No. 6 dated as of March 27, 2007, Amendment No. 7 dated as of June 26, 2007 (as amended by Letter Agreement No. 1, dated as of June 26, 2007, to Amendment No. 7), Amendment No. 8 dated as of February 4, 2008, Amendment No. 9 dated as of June 24, 2008 (as amended by Letter Agreement No. 1, dated as of June 24, 2008, to Amendment No. 9) and Amendment No. 10 dated July 17, 2009 (as amended by Letter Agreement No. 1, dated as of July 17, 2009, to Amendment No. 10), and as supplemented by Letter Agreement No. 1 dated as of May 5, 2004, Letter Agreement No. 2 dated as of May 5, 2004, Letter Agreement No. 3 dated as of May 5, 2004, Letter Agreement No. 4 dated as of May 5, 2004, Letter Agreement No. 5 dated as of May 5, 2004, Letter Agreement No. 6 dated as of May 5, 2004, Letter Agreement No. 7 dated as of May 5, 2004, Letter Agreement No. 8 dated as of May 5, 2004, Letter Agreement No. 9 dated as of May 5, 2004, Letter Agreement No. 10 dated as of May 5, 2004 and Letter Agreement No. 11 dated as of May 5, 2004, all filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Amendment No. 4 to Form S-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-169474) ; as further amended by Amendment No. 11 dated as of December 29, 2011 (as amended by Letter Agreement No. 1 dated as of December 29, 2011, Letter Agreement No. 2 dated as of December 29, 2011, Letter Agreement No. 3 dated as of December 29, 2011, Letter Agreement No. 4 dated as of December 29, 2011, Letter Agreement No. 5 dated as of December 29, 2011, Letter Agreement No. 6 dated as of December 29, 2011, Letter Agreement No. 7 dated as of December 29, 2011 and Letter Agreement No. 8 dated as of December 29, 2011) all filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K dated January 5, 2012 ; Amendment No. 12, dated as of June 29, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2013 ; Amendment No. 13, dated as of January 10, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2013 ; and Amendment No. 14, dated as of June 20, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2013 ; and Amendment No. 15 dated as of November 21, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 29, 2016 ; Amendment No. 16 dated as of December 17, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 29, 2016 ; Amendment No. 17 dated as of March 11, 2014, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 29, 2016 ; Amendment No. 18 dated as of July 31, 2014, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 29, 2016 ; Amendment No. 19 dated as of August 21, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 29, 2016 ; and Amendment No. 20 dated as of April 27, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 29, 2016 is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.18+ Spirit Airlines, Inc. Executive Severance Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Amendment No. 3 to Form S-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-169474), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.19+ Amended and Restated Spirit Airlines, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan and related documents, filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Amendment No. 3 to Form S-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-169474), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.20+ Spirit Airlines, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement (No. 333-174812), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.21+ Offer Letter, dated September 10, 2007, between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Thomas Canfield, filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Company's Amendment No. 3 to Form S-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-169474), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.22 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and its directors and executive officers, filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the Company's Amendment No. 3 to Form S-1 Registration Statement (No. 333-169474), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.23+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Spirit Airlines, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement (No. 333-174812), is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 118 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 10.24 Addendum and Amendment to the Agreement Governing Acceptance of the American Express Card by Airlines, dated as of June 24, 2011, by and between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 28, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.25 Second Amendment to Signatory Agreement, effective as of September 6, 2011, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank, National Association, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q/A dated December 22, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.26+ Letter Agreement, dated January 16, 2012, by and between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Jim Lynde, filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 20, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.27+ Separation and Transition Agreement with Tony Lefebvre, dated April 29, 2013, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.28 Framework Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2014 by and between Spirit Airlines, Inc., BNP Paribas, New York Branch, Landesbank Hessen-Thuringen Girozentrale, Natixis, New York Branch, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Investec Bank PLC and Wilmington Trust Company, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated October 28, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.29 Form of Performance Share Award Grant Notice and Performance Share Award Agreement for awards under the Spirit Airlines, Inc. 2015 Incentive Award Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 24, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.30 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for awards under the Spirit Airlines, Inc. 2015 Incentive Award Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 24, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.31 Form of Annual Cash Award Grant Notice and Annual Cash Award Agreement for awards under the Spirit Airlines, Inc. 2015 Incentive Award Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 24, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.32 Non-Employee Director Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for awards under the Spirit Airlines, Inc. 2015 Incentive Award Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 24, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.33 Form of Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement for awards under the Spirit Airlines, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 24, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.34+ Robert L. Fornaro Employment Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.35 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 17, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 10.35+ B. Ben Baldanza Separation Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.36 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 17, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 10.36 Spirit Airlines, Inc. 2017 Executive Severance Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K dated August 22, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.37 Form of Performance Award Grant Notice and Performance Award Agreement under the Spirit Airlines, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 13, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.38 Form of Severance and Release Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.42 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 13, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.39 Aircraft Sale Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2018, among Spirit Airlines, Inc. as Buyer and Wilmington Trust Company (acting not in its individual capacity, but solely as owner trustee under each Trust Agreement) as Sellers and AerCap Global Aviation Trust as Owner Participant; Aircraft Make and Model: 14 used Airbus model A319-100; Aircraft Manufacturer's Serial Numbers: 2433, 2470, 2473, 2485, 2490, 2673, 2679, 2704, 2711, 2978, 3007, 3017, 3026 and 3165; Make and Model of Engines: International Aero Engines AG (IAE) model V2524-A5, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated April 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

119 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 10.40+ Letter Agreement, effective January 1, 2018, by and between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Edward M. Christie III, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated April 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 10.41 Amendment No. 26 to Navitaire Hosted Services Agreement, effective as of February 1, 2018, by and between Navitaire LLC and Spirit Airlines, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated April 26, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 10.42 Amendment No. 26 to Navitaire Hosted Services Agreement, effective as of February 1, 2018, by and between Navitaire LLC and Spirit Airlines, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated June 12, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 10.43+ Rocky B. Wiggins Offer Letter, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated October 24, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 10.44+ Scott M. Haralson Offer Letter, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated October 24, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 10.45+ Edward M. Christie Employment Agreement Amendment, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 13. 2019, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.46+ Robert L. Fornaro Employment Agreement Amendment , filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 13, 2019, is hereby incorporate by reference. 
 10.47 Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020, between Citibank, N.A, as Administrative Agent and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Collateral Agent, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated May 6, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.48 Payroll Support Program Agreement, dated April 20, 2020, between the Company and the United States Department of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated May 6, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.49 Promissory Note, dated April 20, 2020, issued by the Company in the name of the United States Department of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated May 6, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.50+ Matt Klein Offer Letter, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated May 6, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.51 Amendment No. 1, dated as of June 24, 2020, to the A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, by and between Airbus S.A.S. and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of December 20, 2019, together with the amended and restated Letter Agreement No. 8, dated as of December 20, 2019, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 22, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.52 Amendment No. 26, dated as of June 24, 2020, to the Airbus A320 Family Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and Airbus S.A.S. (legal successor to AVSA S.A.R.L.), dated May 5, 2004, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q dated July 22, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.53 
 Payroll Support Program Agreement, dated January 15, 2021, between the Company and the United States Department of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 10.53 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 10, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.54 
 Promissory Note, dated January 12, 2021, issued by the Company in the name of the United States Department of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 10.54 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 10, 2021 is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 120 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 10.55 First Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2021, among Spirit Airlines, Inc., the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and issuing lender, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as collateral agent, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated March 18, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.56 Payroll Support Program Agreement, dated April 29, 2021, between the Company and the United States Department of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 28, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.57 Promissory Note, dated April 29, 2021, issued by the Company in the name of the United States Department of the Treasury, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated July 28, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.58+ Melinda Grindle Offer Letter, filed as Exhibit 10.58 to the Company's Form 10-K dated February 8, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.59 Termination Agreement, dated July 27, 2022, by and among Frontier Group Holdings, Inc., Top Gun Acquisition Corp. and Spirit Airlines, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated July 28, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 10.60 Second Amendment to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2022, among Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10.61 Aircraft Sale Purchase Agreement, dated January 13, 2023, by Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Gryphon Trading Company, LLC. 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 Confidential treatment granted for certain portions of this Exhibit pursuant to Rule 406 under the Securities Act or Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act, which portions are omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Exhibits 32.1 is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall such exhibits be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise specifically stated in such filing. 

121 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC. Date: February 6, 2023 By: /s/ Scott M. Haralson Scott M. Haralson Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 122 

Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Edward Christie, Scott Haralson and Thomas Canfield, and each of them, their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for them in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated Signature Title Date /s/ Edward M. Christie President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 6, 2023 Edward M. Christie /s/ Scott M. Haralson Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 6, 2023 Scott M. Haralson /s/ Brian J. McMenamy Vice President, Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) February 6, 2023 Brian J. McMenamy /s/ H. McIntyre Gardner Director (Chairman of the Board) February 6, 2023 H. McIntyre Gardner /s/ Mark B. Dunkerley Director February 6, 2023 Mark B. Dunkerley /s/ Robert D. Johnson Director February 6, 2023 Robert D. Johnson /s/ Barclay G. Jones Director February 6, 2023 Barclay G. Jones /s/ Christine P. Richards Director February 6, 2023 Christine P. Richards /s/ Myrna M. Soto Director February 6, 2023 Myrna M. Soto /s/ Dawn M. Zier Director February 6, 2023 Dawn M. Zier 
 
 123 

<EX-4.73>
 2
 save-ex473x20221231x10k.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK

Document 

Exhibit 4.73 

BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF ALL SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 General 
 As of February 1, 2023, there were 111,098,861 shares of our voting common stock issued, 109,124,750 shares of our voting common stock outstanding and no shares of our non-voting common stock issued and outstanding. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 240,000,000 shares of voting common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, 50,000,000 shares of non-voting common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. All of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock and preferred stock, if any, are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Our shares of voting common stock and non-voting common stock are not redeemable and do not have preemptive rights. 
 The remaining shares of authorized and unissued capital stock are available for future issuance, subject to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and applicable law, including any regulations governing the exchange on which our shares of capital stock are then listed. While the additional shares are not designed to deter or prevent a change of control, under some circumstances we could use the additional shares to create voting impediments or to frustrate persons seeking to effect a takeover or otherwise gain control by, for example, issuing those shares in private placements to purchasers who might side with our board of directors in opposing a hostile takeover bid. 
 The following description of our capital stock and provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws summarize the material terms and provisions of our capital stock. Such descriptions are qualified by reference to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the amended and restated bylaws, copies of which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 Voting Common Stock 
 Dividend Rights . Holders of our voting common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds ratably with shares of our non-voting common stock, subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock and limitations under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 Voting Rights . Each holder of our voting common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Our 

stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the voting shares are able to elect all of the directors properly up for election at any given stockholders meeting. 
 Liquidation . In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our voting common stock will be entitled to share ratably with shares of our non-voting common stock in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 Rights and Preferences . Holders of our voting common stock have no preemptive, conversion, subscription or other rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our voting common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our voting common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate in the future. 
 Non-Voting Common Stock 
 Dividend Rights . Holders of our non-voting common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds ratably with shares of our voting common stock, subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock and limitations under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 Voting Rights . Shares of our non-voting common stock are not entitled to vote on any matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors, except to the extent required under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 Conversion Rights . Shares of our non-voting common stock are convertible on a share-for-share basis into voting common stock at the election of the holder. Please see Limited Voting by Foreign Owners. 
 Liquidation . In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our non-voting common stock will be entitled to share ratably with shares of our voting common stock in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 Rights and Preferences . Holders of our non-voting common stock have no preemptive, subscription or other rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our non-voting common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our non- 

voting common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate in the future. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. Our issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of our company or other corporate action. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for our board of directors to be divided into three classes, with staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. Because our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights, our stockholders holding a majority of the shares of voting common stock outstanding will be able to elect all of our directors up for election at any given stockholders meeting. At any given stockholders meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect a director up for election. Except as otherwise required by applicable law or the rights and preferences of any then-outstanding preferred stock, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that a director may be removed from the board of directors with cause by a majority vote of the shares of voting common stock outstanding, but vacancies may only be filled by the board of directors. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that all stockholder action must be effected at a duly called meeting of stockholders and not by a consent in writing, and that only our corporate secretary, upon the direction of our board of directors, or the Chairman of the Board may call a special meeting of stockholders. Our amended and restated bylaws also establish advance notice procedures with regard to all stockholder proposals to be brought before meetings of our stockholders, including proposals for the nomination of candidates for election as directors, all of which must be brought in a timely manner. Timely, for purposes of our amended and restated bylaws, generally means delivery of notice to us not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the prior year s annual meeting date. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws requires a 66 2 3 stockholder vote for the amendment, repeal or modification of certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws including, among other things, relating to the classification of our board of directors, the requirement that stockholder actions be effected at a duly called meeting, and the designated parties entitled to call a special meeting of the stockholders. The combination of the classification of our board of directors, the lack of cumulative voting and the 66 2 3 stockholder voting requirements make it more difficult for our stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Because our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change our control. 
 These provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in our control or management. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and its policies and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened acquisition of us. These provisions are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal. The provisions also are intended to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and, as a consequence, they also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our shares that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. Such provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law . We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions 
 before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 
 upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (i) by 

persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 
 on or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 In general, Section 203 defines business combination to include the following 
 any merger or consolidation involving (i) the corporation or any majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation and (ii) the interested stockholder or any other corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the interested stockholder 
 
 any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder 
 
 subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation or by any majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder 
 
 any transaction involving the corporation or any majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series, or securities convertible into the stock of any class or series, of the corporation, or of any such subsidiary, beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or 
 
 the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation or any majority-owned subsidiary. 
 
 In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as an entity or person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 Limited Voting by Foreign Owners 

To comply with restrictions imposed by federal law on foreign ownership of U.S. airlines, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws restrict voting of shares of our capital stock by non-U.S. citizens. The restrictions imposed by federal law currently require that no more than 25 of our voting stock be voted, directly or indirectly, by persons who are not U.S. citizens, and that our president and at least two-thirds of the members of our board of directors and senior management be U.S. citizens. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that no shares of our capital stock may be voted by or at the direction of non-U.S. citizens unless such shares are registered on a separate stock record, which we refer to as the foreign stock record. Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that no shares of our capital stock will be registered on the foreign stock record if the amount so registered would exceed the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law. 
 Delaware as Sole and Exclusive Forum 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors or officers to us or our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws or (d) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. As a result, any action brought by any of our stockholders with regard to any of these matters will need to be filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and cannot be filed in any other jurisdiction. 
 Limitations of Liability and Indemnification 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. Consequently, our directors will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for 
 any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders 
 
 any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law 
 
 unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law or 

any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we may indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. Our amended and restated bylaws also provide that we are obligated to indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law and advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and they permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her under the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. We have entered into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our board of directors. With specified exceptions, these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including, among other things, attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in any action or proceeding. We believe that these limitation of liability provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. We also maintain directors and officers liability insurance. 
 The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and indemnification agreements may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breach of their fiduciary duty. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any such lawsuit must be brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. However, because the applicability of the exclusive forum provision is limited to the extent permitted by applicable law, we do not intend for the exclusive forum provision to apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction, and acknowledge that federal courts have concurrent jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act. We note that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce the provision as it applies to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and that stockholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The foregoing provisions may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. 
 Further, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers as required by these indemnification provisions. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities 

Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. At present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers or employees for which indemnification is sought, and we are not aware of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification. 
 Market Listing 
 Our common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SAVE. 

</EX-4.73>

<EX-10.60>
 3
 save-ex1060x20221231x10k.htm
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT

Document 
 Exhibit 10.60 

 CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT THAT IS MARKED 
 BY HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE 
 THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (this Second Amendment ), dated as of November 18, 2022, between SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower and CITIBANK, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders party to the Credit Agreement referred to below (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). Unless otherwise indicated, all capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings provided to such terms in the Credit Agreement referred to below (as amended by this Second Amendment). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower and certain of its subsidiaries from time to time, as guarantors, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are parties to the Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of March 30, 2020 (as amended, modified and supplemented and in effect on the date hereof, the Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, certain Eurodollar (as defined in the Credit Agreement prior to this Second Amendment) Loans under the Credit Agreement denominated in Dollars incur or are permitted to incur interest, fees or other amounts based on the London Interbank Offered Rate as administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration LIBOR in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.09(b)(ii) of the Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have determined that the ICE Benchmark Administration will permanently discontinue administering and publishing LIBOR and such benchmark should be replaced in accordance with the Credit Agreement and, in connection therewith, pursuant to Section 2.09(b) of the Credit Agreement the Administrative Agent and the Borrower desire to amend the Credit Agreement to adopt and implement an alternative benchmark rate, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Second Amendment, without any further consent of any other party to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 Section 1 - Credit Agreement Amendments . 
 (a) Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2 hereof, the Credit Agreement shall be amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text as set forth in the pages of the Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A . 
 Section 2 - Conditions to Effectiveness . This Second Amendment shall become effective on the date when each of the following conditions specified below shall have been satisfied (the Second Amendment Effective Date 

(a) Executed Amendment . The Administrative Agent shall have received signed signature pages to this Second Amendment from the Borrower and Citibank, N.A. (as Administrative Agent). 
 (b) Payment of Expenses . The Borrower shall have paid all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent (including reasonable attorneys fees of Milbank LLP) for which invoices have been presented at least one Business Day prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date. 
 (c) Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in Section 3 of this Second Amendment shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, before and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur on the Second Amendment Effective Date, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty by its terms is made as of a different specified date, in which case as of such specified date) provided that any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects, as though made on and as of the applicable date, before and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur on the Second Amendment Effective Date. 
 (d) No Event of Default . Before and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur on the Second Amendment Effective Date, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Second Amendment Effective Date. 
 The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders of the occurrence of the Second Amendment Effective Date. 
 Section 3 - Representations and Warranties . In order to induce the other parties hereto to enter into this Second Amendment, the Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders that on and as of the date hereof after giving effect to this Second Amendment 
 (a) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from giving effect to this Second Amendment and 
 (b) the representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (other than the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 3.05(b) and 3.09(a) of the Credit Agreement), are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as if made on and as of the date hereof except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date and in such case as of such date provided that any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects, as though made on and as of the applicable date, before and after giving effect to the Second Amendment. 
 Section 4 - Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement Ratification . At and after the effectiveness of this Second Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Second Amendment. The Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, as specifically amended by this Second Amendment, and the obligations of the Borrower hereunder and thereunder, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The parties hereto confirm and agree that the term Obligations as used in the Credit Agreement shall include all obligations of the Borrower under the Credit 
 2 
 1006535314v5 

Agreement, as amended by this Second Amendment. This Second Amendment shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Second Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as an amendment or waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute an amendment or waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 
 Section 5 - Execution in Counterparts . This Second Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Second Amendment shall become effective as set forth in Section 2, and from and after the Second Amendment Effective Date shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors, permitted transferees and permitted assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Second Amendment by facsimile or electronic .pdf copy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Second Amendment. 
 Section 6 - Governing Law . THIS SECOND AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS SECOND AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY 
 
 3 
 1006535314v5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Second Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year above written. 
 CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 By s Albert Mari, Jr. 
 Name Albert Mari, Jr. Title Senior Trust Officer 
 
 SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC. 
 By s Simon Gore 
 Name Simon Gore Title Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 Signature Page - Second Amendment to Credit And Guaranty Agreement 

Exhibit A 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 EXHIBIT A 

CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT 
 dated as of March 30, 2020 
 among 
 
 SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC., 
 as Borrower, 
 
 THE SUBSIDIARIES OF THE BORROWER PARTY HERETO, 
 as Guarantors, 
 
 THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO, 
 
 CITIBANK, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 and 
 WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCATION 
 as Collateral Agent 

1006536826v 4 3 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 1 Section 1.01. Defined Terms 1 Section 1.02. Terms Generally 42 46 Section 1.03. Accounting Terms GAAP 43 47 Section 1.04. Divisions 43 47 Section 1.05. Rates 47 SECTION 2. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 43 48 Section 2.01. Commitments of the Lenders 43 48 Section 2.02. Letters of Credit 44 49 Section 2.03. Requests for Loans 49 53 Section 2.04. Funding of Loans 50 54 Section 2.05. Interest Elections 50 55 Section 2.06. Limitation on Eurodollar SOFR Tranches 
 51 56 Section 2.07. Interest on Loans 52 56 Section 2.08. Default Interest 52 56 Section 2.09. Alternate Rate of Interest 52 Reserved 
 56 Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 53 57 Section 2.11. Optional Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitments 54 57 Section 2.12. Mandatory Prepayment of Loans Commitment Termination Change of Control Offer 55 58 Section 2.13. Optional Prepayment of Loans 58 61 Section 2.14. Increased Costs 58 62 Section 2.15. Break Funding Payments 60 64 Section 2.16. Taxes 61 64 Section 2.17. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment 64 67 Section 2.18. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 65 68 Section 2.19. Certain Fees 66 69 Section 2.20. Commitment Fee and Upfront Fee 66 69 Section 2.21. Letter of Credit Fees 66 70 Section 2.22. Nature of Fees 67 70 Section 2.23. Right of Set-Off 67 70 Section 2.24. Security Interest in Letter of Credit Account 67 71 Section 2.25. Payment of Obligations 68 71 Section 2.26. Defaulting Lenders 68 71 Section 2.27. Increase in Commitment 70 73 Section 2.28. Extension of the Revolving Facility 71 74 Section 2.29. Illegality 74 77 
 i 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Section 2.30. Benchmark Replacement Setting 77 Section 2.31. Inability to Determine Rates 79 SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 74 79 Section 3.01. Organization and Authority 74 79 Section 3.02. Air Carrier Status 75 79 Section 3.03. Due Execution 75 80 Section 3.04. Statements Made 76 80 Section 3.05. Financial Statements Material Adverse Change 76 81 Section 3.06. Ownership of Subsidiaries 76 81 Section 3.07. Liens 77 81 Section 3.08. Use of Proceeds 77 81 Section 3.09. Litigation and Compliance with Laws 77 82 Section 3.10. FAA Slot Utilization 77 82 Section 3.11. Margin Regulations Investment Company Act 78 82 Section 3.12. Ownership of Collateral 78 83 Section 3.13. Perfected Security Interests 78 83 Section 3.14. Payment of Taxes 78 83 Section 3.15. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 78 83 SECTION 4. CONDITIONS OF LENDING 79 84 Section 4.01. Conditions Precedent to Closing Date 79 84 Section 4.02. Conditions Precedent to Each Loan and Each Letter of Credit 81 86 SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 82 87 Section 5.01. Financial Statements, Reports, etc. 82 87 Section 5.02. Taxes 84 89 Section 5.03. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 85 89 Section 5.04. Corporate Existence 85 90 Section 5.05. Compliance with Laws 85 90 Section 5.06. Core Collateral 85 90 Section 5.07. Delivery of Appraisals 85 90 Section 5.08. Regulatory Cooperation 87 91 Section 5.09. Regulatory Matters Citizenship Utilization Collateral Requirements 87 92 Section 5.10. Collateral Ownership 88 93 Section 5.11. Insurance 88 93 Section 5.12. Real Property Assets 89 94 Section 5.13. Additional Guarantors Grantors Collateral 91 96 Section 5.14. Access to Books and Records 92 97 Section 5.15. Further Assurances 92 97 
 ii 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

SECTION 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 93 97 Section 6.01. Reserved 93 98 Section 6.02. Reserved 93 98 Section 6.03. Reserved 93 98 Section 6.04. Disposition of Collateral 93 98 Section 6.05. Reserved 93 98 Section 6.06. Liens 93 98 Section 6.07. Business Activities 94 98 Section 6.08. Liquidity 94 98 Section 6.09. Collateral Coverage Ratio 94 99 Section 6.10. Merger, Consolidation, or Sale of Assets 95 100 Section 6.11. Use of Proceeds 96 101 SECTION 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 97 101 Section 7.01. Events of Default 97 101 SECTION 8. THE AGENTS 100 105 Section 8.01. Administration by Agents 100 105 Section 8.02. Rights of Agent 101 105 Section 8.03. Liability of Agents 101 106 Section 8.04. Reimbursement and Indemnification 102 107 Section 8.05. Successor Agents 102 107 Section 8.06. Independent Lenders 103 107 Section 8.07. Advances and Payments 103 108 Section 8.08. Sharing of Setoffs 103 108 Section 8.09. Withholding Taxes 104 109 Section 8.10. Appointment by Secured Parties 104 109 SECTION 9. GUARANTY 104 109 Section 9.01. Guaranty 104 109 Section 9.02. No Impairment of Guaranty 106 110 Section 9.03. Continuation and Reinstatement, etc. 106 111 Section 9.04. Subrogation 106 111 Section 9.05. Discharge of Guaranty 106 111 SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 107 112 Section 10.01. Notices 107 112 Section 10.02. Successors and Assigns 108 113 Section 10.03. Confidentiality 112 117 Section 10.04. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 113 118 
 iii 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Section 10.05. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process 116 120 Section 10.06. No Waiver 116 121 Section 10.07. Extension of Maturity 116 121 Section 10.08. Amendments, etc. 116 121 Section 10.09. Severability 119 123 Section 10.10. Headings 119 123 Section 10.11. Survival 119 123 Section 10.12. Execution in Counterparts Integration Effectiveness 119 124 Section 10.13. USA Patriot Act 119 124 Section 10.14. New Value 120 124 Section 10.15. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 120 124 Section 10.16. No Fiduciary Duty 120 124 Section 10.17. Intercreditor Agreements 120 125 Section 10.18. Registrations with International Registry 121 125 Section 10.19. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 121 126 Section 10.20. Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs 122 126 Section 10.21. Certain ERISA Matters 122 127 
 iv 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

INDEX OF APPENDICES 
 ANNEX A Commitment Amounts ANNEX B List of Aircraft and Engine Appraisers 
 EXHIBIT A Reserved 
 EXHIBIT B Form of Instrument of Assumption and Joinder 
 EXHIBIT C Form of Assignment and Acceptance 
 EXHIBIT D Form of Loan Request 
 EXHIBIT E Form of Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage 
 EXHIBIT F Form of Slot and Gate Security Agreement 

SCHEDULE 3.06 Subsidiaries 
 
 v 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT, dated as of March 30, 2020 among SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC., a Delaware corporation the Borrower ), the direct and indirect Domestic Subsidiaries of the Borrower from time to time party hereto, each of the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party hereto (the Lenders ), CITIBANK, N.A. Citibank ), as administrative agent for the Lenders (together with its permitted successors in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), and WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ). 
 INTRODUCTORY STATEMENT 
 The Borrower has applied to the Lenders for a revolving credit and revolving letter of credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 240,000,000 as set forth herein. 
 The proceeds of the Loans will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 To provide guarantees and security for the repayment of the Loans, the reimbursement of any draft drawn under a Letter of Credit and the payment of the other obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantors hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Borrower and the Guarantors will, among other things, provide to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders the following (each as more fully described herein) 
 (a) a guaranty from each Guarantor of the due and punctual payment and performance of the Obligations of the Borrower pursuant to Section 9 hereof and 
 (b) a security interest in or mortgages (or comparable Liens) with respect to the Collateral from the Borrower and each other Guarantor (if any) pursuant to the Collateral Documents. 
 Accordingly, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1.01. Defined Terms. 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 ABR Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 Account shall mean all accounts as defined in the UCC, and all rights to payment for interest (other than with respect to debt and credit card receivables). 
 Account Control Agreements shall mean each three-party security and control agreement entered into by any Grantor, the Collateral Agent and a financial institution which maintains one or more deposit accounts or securities accounts that have been pledged to the Collateral Agent as Collateral hereunder or under any other Loan Document, in each case giving the Collateral Agent exclusive control over the applicable account and in form and substance 

1006536826v 4 3 

reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and restated from time to time. 
 Account Debtor shall mean the Person obligated on an Account. 
 Additional Collateral shall mean (a) cash that is denominated in Dollars and Cash Equivalents pledged to the Collateral Agent (and subject to an Account Control Agreement), (b) any Eligible Aircraft, Eligible Engines and Eligible Spare Parts of the Borrower or any Grantor, (c) Slots of the Borrower at any Eligible Airport (which shall include any Gate Leaseholds necessary for servicing the scheduled air carrier service utilizing such Slots) (d) Flight Simulators and Ground Support Equipment and (e) Real Property Assets, and all of which assets shall (i) (other than Additional Collateral of the type described in clause (a) above and new spare Engines subject to proviso (iii) in the first sentence of Section 5.07) be valued by a new Appraisal at the time the Borrower designates such assets as Additional Collateral and (ii) as of any date of addition of such assets as Collateral, be subject, to the extent purported to be created by the applicable Collateral Document, to a perfected first priority Lien and or mortgage (or comparable Lien), in favor of the Collateral Agent and otherwise subject only to Permitted Liens (excluding those referred to in clauses (5) and (11) of the definition of Permitted Lien and, until the time such assets actually become subject to such Lien on such date, clause (2) of the definition of Permitted Liens ). 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 Administrative Agent shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 
 Administrator shall have the meaning given it in the Regulations and Procedures for the International Registry. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate shall mean, as to any Person, any other Person which, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, a Person (a Controlled Person shall be deemed to be controlled by another Person (a Controlling Person if the Controlling Person possesses, directly or indirectly, power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the Controlled Person whether by contract or otherwise. 
 Agreement shall mean this Credit and Guaranty Agreement, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and restated from time to time. 
 Agent shall mean the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as applicable. 
 Aggregate Exposure shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, an amount equal to the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment then in effect or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the amount of such Lender s Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding. 
 2 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Aggregate Exposure Percentage shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of such Lender s Aggregate Exposure at such time to the Aggregate Exposure of all Lenders at such time. 
 Aircraft means any contrivance invented, used, or designed to navigate, or fly in, the air. 
 Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage means the Mortgage and Security Agreement, in substantially the form of Exhibit E, entered into by the Borrower and the Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and restated from time to time. 
 Aircraft Appraiser shall mean (i) MBA, (ii) ASG, (iii) for any Appraisal of the Aircraft and Engines other than the applicable Initial Appraisal, any other appraisal firm listed on Annex B hereto or (iv) any other independent appraisal firm appointed by the Borrower and reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Aircraft Protocol means the official English language text of the Protocol to the Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment on Matters Specific to Aircraft Equipment adopted on November 16, 2001, at a diplomatic conference in Cape Town, South Africa, and all amendments, supplements and revisions thereto, as in effect in the United States. 
 Airport Authority shall mean any city or any public or private board or other body or organization chartered or otherwise established for the purpose of administering, operating or managing airports or related facilities, which in each case is an owner, administrator, operator or manager of one or more airports or related facilities. 
 Alternate Base Rate shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the sum of the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the sum of the One-Month LIBOR Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1 . Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the One-Month LIBOR Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the One-Month LIBOR Adjusted Term SOFR , respectively. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules and regulations of the United States applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time intended to prevent or restrict bribery or corruption. 
 Appliance shall mean any instrument, equipment, apparatus, part, appurtenance, or accessory used, capable of being used, or intended to be used, in operating or controlling Aircraft in flight, including a parachute, communication equipment, and another mechanism installed in or attached to Aircraft during flight, and not a part of an Aircraft, Engine, or Propeller. 
 Applicable Margin shall mean (a) for ABR Loans, 1.00 and (b) for Eurodollar SOFR Loans, 2.00 . 
 Appraisal means (i) each Initial Appraisal and (ii) any other appraisal, dated the date of delivery thereof, prepared by (A) in the case of Aircraft or Engines, any Aircraft Appraiser, (B) in the case of Slots, MBA or another independent appraisal firm appointed by the Borrower and reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (C) in the case of Spare Parts or Flight Simulators, MBA or another independent appraisal firm appointed by the Borrower and 
 3 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or, (D) in the case of any other type of Collateral, an independent appraisal firm appointed by the Borrower and reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each case which certifies, at the time of determination, in reasonable detail the Appraised Value of Collateral and (x) in the case of Aircraft or Engines, is a desk-top appraisal of the fair market value assuming half-life condition, except that any such equipment that is Stored shall have an assumed value of zero, (y) in the case of FAA Slots or Gate Leaseholds, whose methodology and form of presentation are consistent in all material respects with the methodology and form of presentation of the Initial Appraisal applicable to such type of Collateral (or with such other methodology and form of presentation that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) and (z) in the case of any Collateral, which is addressed to the Administrative Agent and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Appraised Value shall mean, as of any date of determination, with respect to any Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents pledged as Collateral), the aggregate fair market value of such Collateral as reflected in the most recent Appraisal delivered to the Administrative Agent in respect of such Collateral in accordance with this Agreement as of that date (for the avoidance of doubt, except in the case of Pledged Spare Parts, calculated after giving effect to any additions to or eliminations from the Collateral since the date of delivery of such Appraisal), provided that 
 (i) in the case of any Appraisal of Aircraft or Engines, (x) such Appraisal shall, at the Borrower s expense, be prepared by two Aircraft Appraisers and (y) the Appraised Value of the applicable Aircraft or Engines shall be the average of the two Appraisals 
 (ii) if any Pledged Slots at an airport have been added to or eliminated from the Collateral since the most recent Appraisal of the Pledged Slots at such airport and such Appraisal assigned differing Appraised Values to Pledged Slots at such airport based on criteria set forth therein, such added or eliminated Pledged Slots at such airport shall be assigned an Appraised Value in accordance with such criteria set forth in such Appraisal for purposes of determining the Appraised Value of all remaining Pledged Slots and 
 (iii) if any new spare Engine added to the Collateral within 90 days after delivery from the manufacturer to Borrower is an Existing Engine Type, the initial Appraised Value for such new spare Engine shall be the higher of (x) the highest Appraised Value for any pledged spare Engines then included in the Collateral of such Existing Engine Type, determined using the most recent Appraisals delivered to the Administrative Agent in respect of the applicable pledged spare Engine, or (y) if the Borrower elects to provide new Appraisals with respect to any new spare Engine being added to the Collateral, the Appraised Value given to such new spare Engine in such initial Appraisal, in each case at the Borrower s election. 
 Approved Fund shall have the meaning given such term in Section 10.02(b). 
 ARB Indebtedness shall mean, with respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, without duplication, all Indebtedness or obligations of the Borrower or such Subsidiary created or arising with respect to any limited recourse revenue bonds issued for the purpose of financing or refinancing improvements to, or the construction or acquisition of, airport and other related facilities and equipment, the use or construction of which qualifies and renders interest on such bonds exempt from certain federal or state taxes. 
 Article 55 BRRD shall mean Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. 
 4 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

ASG shall mean Aviation Specialists Group Inc.. 
 Ascend shall mean Ascend FG Advisory. 
 Assignment and Acceptance shall mean an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.02), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit C. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.30(d). 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law , regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Banking Product Obligations means, as applied to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of any treasury, depository and cash management services, netting services and automated clearing house transfers of funds services, including obligations for the payment of fees, interest, charges, expenses, attorneys fees and disbursements in connection therewith. 
 Bankruptcy Code shall mean The Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as heretofore and hereafter amended, and codified as 11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq. 
 Bankruptcy Event shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, provided , further , that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 5 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Bankruptcy Law means the Bankruptcy Code or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. 
 Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.30(a). 
 Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (a) In the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (b) In the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 6 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (a) A public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date means , in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90 th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 
 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.30 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.30. 
 Beneficial Owner has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that in calculating the beneficial ownership of any particular person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire by conversion or exercise of other securities, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only after the passage of time. The terms Beneficially Owns and Beneficially Owned have a corresponding meaning. 
 7 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Board shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 Board of Directors means 
 (1) with respect to a corporation, the board of directors of the corporation or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board 
 (2) with respect to a partnership, the Board of Directors of the general partner of the partnership 
 (3) with respect to a limited liability company, the managing member or members, manager or managers or any controlling committee of managing members or managers thereof and 
 (4) with respect to any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar function. 
 Borrower shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 
 Borrowing shall mean the incurrence, conversion or continuation of Loans of a single Type made from all the Revolving Lenders on a single date and having, in the case of Eurodollar SOFR Loans, a single Interest Period. 
 Borrowing Base shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum of 
 (a) 62.5 of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Slots and Pledged Gate Leaseholds, plus 
 (b) 60.0 of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Flight Simulators included in the Collateral at such time, plus 
 (c) 75.0 of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Engines, plus 
 (d) 60.0 of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Aircraft that are Type I Aircraft, plus 
 (e) 60.0 of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Aircraft that are Type II Aircraft, plus 
 (f) 67.5 of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Aircraft that are Type III Aircraft, plus 
 8 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(g) 75.0 of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Aircraft that are Type IV Aircraft, plus 
 (h) 72.5 of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Spare Parts, plus 
 (i) 60.0 of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Real Property Assets, plus 
 (j) 25.0 of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Ground Support Equipment, plus 
 (k) the sum of (i) 100 of the amount of cash and Cash Equivalents of the type described in clause (1) of the definition thereof pledged at such time as Collateral and (ii) 62.5 of the amount of Cash Equivalents of the type described in clauses (2) through (11) of the definition thereof pledged at such time as Collateral (excluding any cash used to Cash Collateralize LC Exposure pursuant to Section 2.02(j)) 
 determined (i) in the case of clauses (a)-(j) above, using the most recent Appraisal delivered to the Administrative Agent in respect of the applicable Collateral and (ii) in each case, excluding the Appraised Value of any Collateral that is not Eligible Collateral provided that, for purposes of calculating the Borrowing Base as of any date of determination, (1) the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Slots included in the Borrowing Base on such date shall be capped at 50.0 of the total Borrowing Base on such date, (2) the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Flight Simulators included in the Borrowing Base on such date shall be capped at 15.0 of the total Borrowing Base on such date, (3) the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Real Property Assets included in the Borrowing Base on such date shall be capped at 15.0 of the total Borrowing Base on such date, (4) the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Aircraft that are Type I Aircraft included in the Borrowing Base on such date shall be capped at 50.0 of the total Borrowing Base on such date, (5) the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Spare Parts included in the Borrowing Base on such date shall be capped at 65.0 of the total Borrowing Base on such date, and (6) the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Ground Support Equipment included in the Borrowing Base on such date shall be capped at 10.0 of the total Borrowing Base on such date. 
 Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City, or Wilmington, Delaware are required or authorized to remain closed (and, for a Letter of Credit, other than a day on which the Issuing Lender issuing such Letter of Credit is closed) provided , however , that when used in connection with the borrowing or repayment of a Eurodollar SOFR Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in Dollar deposits on the London interbank market mean any U.S. Government Securities Business Day . 
 Cape Town Convention shall mean the official English language text of the Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment, adopted on November 16, 2001 at a diplomatic conference in Cape Town, South Africa, and all amendments, supplements and revisions thereto, as in effect in the United States. 
 Cape Town Treaty shall mean, collectively, (a) the Cape Town Convention, (b) the Aircraft Protocol, and (c) all rules and regulations (including but not limited to the Regulations and Procedures for the International Registry) adopted pursuant thereto and all amendments, supplements and revisions thereto. 
 Capital Lease Obligation means, at the time any determination is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a capital lease that would at that time be required to be 
 9 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, and the Stated Maturity thereof shall be the date of the last payment of rent or any other amount due under such lease prior to the first date upon which such lease may be prepaid by the lessee without payment of a penalty. 
 Capital Markets Offering means any offering of securities (as defined under the Securities Act) in (a) a public offering registered under the Securities Act, or (b) an offering not required to be registered under the Securities Act (including, without limitation, a private placement under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, an exempt offering pursuant to Rule 144A and or Regulation S of the Securities Act and an offering of exempt securities). 
 Capital Stock means 
 (1) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock 
 (2) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock 
 (3) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership interests (whether general or limited) or membership interests and 
 (4) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person, 
 but excluding from all of the foregoing any debt securities convertible into Capital Stock, whether or not such debt securities include any right of participation with Capital Stock. 
 Cash Collateralization or Cash Collateralized shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.02(j). 
 Cash Equivalents means 
 (1) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (2) direct obligations of state and local government entities, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof, which have a rating of at least A- (or the equivalent thereof) from S&P or A3 (or the equivalent thereof) from Moody s 
 (3) obligations of domestic or foreign companies and their subsidiaries (including, without limitation, agencies, sponsored enterprises or instrumentalities chartered by an Act of Congress, which are not backed by the full faith and credit of the United States), including, without limitation, bills, notes, bonds, debentures, and mortgage-backed securities, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof 
 10 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(4) Investments in commercial paper maturing within 365 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, a rating of at least A-2 (or the equivalent thereof) from S&P or P-2 (or the equivalent thereof) from Moody s 
 (5) Investments in certificates of deposit (including Investments made through an intermediary, such as the certificated deposit account registry service), banker s acceptances, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits and overnight bank deposits maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any other commercial bank of recognized standing organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof that has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 250.0 million 
 (6) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than six months for underlying securities that would otherwise be eligible for investment 
 (7) Investments in money in an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or in pooled accounts or funds offered through mutual funds, investment advisors, banks and brokerage houses which invest its assets in obligations of the type described in clauses (1) through (6) above. This could include, but not be limited to, money market funds or short-term and intermediate bonds funds 
 (8) money market funds that (A) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (B) are rated AAA (or the equivalent thereof) by S&P and Aaa (or the equivalent thereof) by Moody s and (C) have portfolio assets of at least 5.0 billion 
 (9) deposits available for withdrawal on demand with commercial banks organized in the United States having capital and surplus in excess of 100.0 million 
 (10) securities with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government, the securities of which state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may be) are rated at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s and 
 (11) any other securities or pools of securities that are classified under GAAP as cash equivalents or short-term investments on a balance sheet. 
 Change in Law shall mean, after the Closing Date, (a) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the Closing Date (including any request, rule, regulation, guideline, requirement or directive promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III) or (b) compliance by any Lender or Issuing Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.14(b), by any lending office of such Lender or Issuing Lender through which Loans and or Letters of Credit are issued or maintained or by such Lender s or Issuing Lender s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or 
 11 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Closing Date. 
 Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following 
 (1) the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person (including any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act)) or 
 (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation), the result of which is that any Person (including any person (as defined above)) becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 of the Voting Stock of the Borrower (measured by voting power rather than number of shares), other than (A) any such transaction where the Voting Stock of the Borrower (measured by voting power rather than number of shares) outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitutes or is converted into or exchanged for a majority of the outstanding shares of the Voting Stock of such Beneficial Owner (measured by voting power rather than number of shares), or (B) any merger or consolidation of the Borrower with or into any Person (including any person (as defined above)) which owns or operates (directly or indirectly through a contractual arrangement) a Permitted Business (a Permitted Person or a Subsidiary of a Permitted Person, in each case, if immediately after such transaction no Person (including any person (as defined above)) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 of the total Voting Stock of such Permitted Person (measured by voting power rather than number of shares) provided that the occurrence of any Permitted Parent Reorganization shall be deemed not to constitute a Change of Control. 
 Change of Control Offer shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.12(g). 
 Citibank has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 
 Closing Date shall mean March 30, 2020. 
 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 Collateral means (i) the assets and properties of the Grantors upon which Liens have been granted to the Collateral Agent to secure the Obligations, including without limitation any Additional Collateral and all of the Collateral as defined in the Collateral Documents, but excluding all such assets and properties released from such Liens pursuant to the applicable Collateral Document, and (ii) each of the Letter of Credit Account and the Collateral Proceeds Account, together with all amounts on deposit therein and all proceeds thereof. 
 Collateral Agent shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 
 Collateral Coverage Ratio shall mean, as of any date, the ratio of (i) the Borrowing Base of the Eligible Collateral as of such date to (ii) the sum, without duplication, of (x) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding (other than LC Exposure that has been Cash Collateralized in accordance with Section 2.02(j)), plus (y) the aggregate amount of 
 12 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

all Designated Hedging Obligations that constitute Obligations then outstanding (such sum, the Total Obligations ). 
 Collateral Coverage Ratio Failure shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.09(a). 
 Collateral Documents shall mean, collectively, the Slot and Gate Security Agreement, the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage, the Spare Parts Security Agreement (if executed and delivered by the Borrower hereunder), the Real Property Mortgage (if executed and delivered by the Borrower hereunder), the Account Control Agreements (if executed and delivered by the Borrower hereunder) and other agreements, instruments or documents that create or purport to create a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in each case so long as such agreement, instrument or document shall not have been terminated in accordance with its terms. 
 Collateral Material Adverse Effect shall mean a material adverse effect on the value of the Collateral, taken as a whole. 
 Collateral Proceeds Account shall mean a segregated account or accounts held by or under the control of the Collateral Agent into which the Net Proceeds of any Collateral Sale or Recovery Event may be deposited in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 
 Collateral Sale shall mean any sale of Collateral or series of related sales of Collateral having an Appraised Value in excess of 25,000,000. 
 Commitment shall mean, as to any Revolving Lender or Issuing Lender at any time, the Revolving Commitment of such Revolving Lender or Issuing Lender, as the case may be, at such time. 
 Commitment Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.20. 
 Commitment Fee Rate shall mean per annum. 
 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Adjusted Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate , the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.15 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent and the Borrower decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 13 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Core Collateral shall include the following (a) all of the Borrower s slots at LaGuardia Airport (other than Excluded Slots) and (b) at least eight (8) Eligible Engines. 
 Core Collateral Failure shall mean, as of any date of determination following the date that is 30 days after the Closing Date, the Collateral not including the Core Collateral as of such date. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Credit Rating means (a) in the case of Moody s, the long-term senior unsecured debt rating of the Borrower and (b) in the case of Fitch, the long-term issuer default rating of such entity. 
 Default means any event that, unless cured or waived, is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would be, an Event of Default. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulting Lender shall mean, at any time, any Revolving Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Day of the date required to be funded or paid by it hereunder, to fund or pay (x) any portion of the Revolving Loans or (y) any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender (or its banking Affiliates), unless, in the case of clause (x) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations (i) under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or (ii) generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or the Borrower, acting in good faith, to provide a confirmation in writing from an authorized officer or other authorized representative of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans under this Agreement, which request shall only have been made after the conditions precedent to borrowings have been met, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the Administrative Agent s, such other Lender s or the Borrower s, as applicable, receipt of such confirmation in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, (d) has become, or has had its Parent Company become, the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or Bail-In Action provided that a Revolving Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Revolving Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such 
 14 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Revolving Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Revolving Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Revolving Lender. If the Administrative Agent determines that a Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any of clauses (a) through (d) above, such Revolving Lender will be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender upon notification of such determination by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, and the Revolving Lenders. 
 Designated Banking Product Agreement means any agreement evidencing Designated Banking Product Obligations entered into by the Borrower and any Person that, at the time such Person entered into such agreement, was a Lender or a banking Affiliate of a Lender, in each case designated by the relevant Lender and the Borrower, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, as a Designated Banking Product Agreement provided that, so long as any Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Revolving Lender shall not have any rights hereunder with respect to any Designated Banking Product Agreement entered into while such Revolving Lender was a Defaulting Lender. 
 Designated Banking Product Obligations means any Banking Product Obligations, in each case as designated by any Lender (or a banking Affiliate thereof) and the Borrower from time to time and agreed to by the Administrative Agent as constituting Designated Banking Product Obligations, which notice shall include (i) a copy of an agreement providing an agreed-upon maximum amount of Designated Banking Product Obligations that can be included as Obligations, and (ii) the acknowledgment of such Lender (or such banking Affiliate) that its security interest in the Collateral securing such Designated Banking Product Obligations shall be subject to the Loan Documents. 
 Designated Hedging Agreement means any Hedging Agreement entered into by the Borrower and any Person that, at the time such Person entered into such Hedging Agreement, was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, as designated by the relevant Lender (or Affiliate of a Lender) and the Borrower, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, as a Designated Hedging Agreement, which notice shall include a copy of an agreement providing for (i) a methodology agreed to by the Borrower, such Lender or Affiliate of a Lender and the Administrative Agent for reporting the outstanding amount of Designated Hedging Obligations under such Designated Hedging Agreement from time to time, (ii) an agreed-upon maximum amount of Designated Hedging Obligations under such Designated Hedging Agreement that can be included as Obligations, and (iii) the acknowledgment of such Lender or Affiliate of a Lender that its security interest in the Collateral securing such Designated Hedging Obligations shall be subject to the Loan Documents provided that, after giving effect to such designation, the aggregate agreed-upon maximum amount of all Designated Hedging Obligations included as Obligations shall not exceed 10 of the original Total Revolving Commitment in effect on the Closing Date in the aggregate provided , further, that so long as any Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Revolving Lender shall not have any rights hereunder with respect to any Designated Hedging Agreement entered into while such Revolving Lender was a Defaulting Lender. 
 Designated Hedging Obligations means, as applied to any Person, all Hedging Obligations of such Person under Designated Hedging Agreements after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting arrangements included in such Designated Hedging Agreements it being understood and agreed that, on any date of determination, the amount of such Hedging Obligations under any Designated Hedging Agreement shall be determined based upon the settlement amount (or similar term) as defined under such Designated Hedging Agreement or, with respect to a Designated Hedging Agreement that has been terminated in accordance with its terms, the amount then due and payable (exclusive of expenses and similar 
 15 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

payments but including any termination payments then due and payable) under such Designated Hedging Agreement. 
 Disposition shall mean, with respect to any property, any sale, lease, sale and leaseback, conveyance, transfer or other disposition thereof. The terms Dispose and Disposed of shall have correlative meanings. 
 Dollars and shall mean lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary of the Borrower that was formed under the laws of the United States or any state of the United States or the District of Columbia or that guarantees, or pledges any property or assets to secure, any Obligations or Junior Secured Debt. 
 DOT shall mean the United States Department of Transportation and any successor thereto. 
 Downgrade Event means the downgrading of the applicable Credit Rating of the Borrower by any Rating Agency (a) that is triggered as a result of the announcement of any Change of Control, (b) by two notches below the applicable Credit Rating that was in effect immediately prior to the announcement of such Change of Control and (c) that occurs within 90 days (or as long as the Borrower s applicable Credit Rating is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by such Rating Agency as a result of such announcement, such longer period) after such Change of Control is announced. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Eligible Account shall mean any Account owned by the Borrower or another Grantor meeting the criteria and eligibility standards which are agreed upon by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time of the initial pledge of Accounts to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the applicable Collateral Document. 
 Eligible Aircraft shall mean Airbus model A319, A320 or A321 family aircraft (including any new engine option variants of any such aircraft), in each case that are owned by the Borrower or any other applicable Grantor and that are eligible for the benefits of Section 1110. 
 Eligible Airport means LaGuardia Airport or any other airport reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Eligible Assignee shall mean (a) a commercial bank having total assets in excess of 1,000,000,000, (b) a finance company, insurance company or other financial 
 16 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

institution or fund, in each case reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which in the ordinary course of business extends credit of the type contemplated herein or invests therein and has total assets in excess of 200,000,000 and whose becoming an assignee would not constitute a prohibited transaction under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA, (c) any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender, provided that such Affiliate has total assets in excess of 200,000,000, (d) an Approved Fund of any Lender, provided that such Approved Fund has total assets in excess of 200,000,000, and (e) any other financial institution reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, provided that such financial institution has total assets in excess of 200,000,000 provided , further , that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no (i) airline, commercial air freight carrier, air freight forwarder or entity engaged in the business of parcel transport by air or (ii) Affiliate of any Person described in clause (i) above (other than any Affiliate of such Person as a result of common control by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, any Affiliate of such Person who becomes a Lender with the consent of the Borrower in accordance with Section 10.02(b), and any Affiliate of such Person under common control with such Person which Affiliate is not actively involved in the management and or operations of such Person), shall constitute an Eligible Assignee provided further , that none of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Affiliate of the Borrower or any Guarantor, or any natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of any natural person) shall constitute an Eligible Assignee. 
 Eligible Collateral shall mean, on any date of determination, all Collateral on which the Collateral Agent shall, as of such date, have, to the extent purported to be created by the applicable Collateral Document, a valid and perfected first priority Lien and or mortgage (or comparable Lien) and which is otherwise subject only to Permitted Liens provided , with respect to any Collateral having an aggregate Appraised Value of 10 or more (determined on the date such Collateral was added as Collateral) of the sum of the aggregate Appraised Value of all Eligible Collateral plus Pledged Cash and Cash Equivalents on which the Collateral Agent shall have been granted a valid and perfected first priority Lien and or mortgage (or comparable Lien) subject only to Permitted Liens after the Closing Date in any individual transaction or series of substantially simultaneous transactions, at any time when the Administrative Agent shall not have received Appraisals, pursuant to Section 5.07 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, with respect to substantially all of the existing Eligible Collateral within the 180-day period preceding the date on which such Collateral is pledged (a 180-day Period ), such Collateral shall not, solely for purposes of satisfying the conditions set forth in Section 6.09(c) in connection with any release of Collateral requested by the Borrower pursuant to Section 6.09(c), constitute Eligible Collateral until the earlier of (x) the date on which the Collateral Agent shall have held such Lien and or mortgage (or comparable Lien) for at least ninety (90) continuous days from the grant or perfection thereof prior to its constituting Eligible Collateral or (y) the date on which the Administrative Agent shall have received Appraisals (including, for purposes of this clause (y), all Appraisals received during such 180-Day Period), as applicable, pursuant to Section 5.07 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, with respect to substantially all of the other Collateral. 
 Eligible Engine shall mean any Engine (including any spare Engine) suitable for installation on an Eligible Aircraft or any other Engine reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in each case that are owned by the Borrower or any other applicable Grantor, that are not subject to a sublease, loan or similar arrangement, and that are eligible for the benefits of Section 1110. 
 Eligible Spare Parts shall mean any Spare Parts and Appliances, in each case that are owned by the Borrower or any other applicable Grantor and that are eligible for the benefits of Section 1110. 
 17 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Engine shall mean an engine used, or intended to be used, to propel an Aircraft, including a part, appurtenance, and accessory of such Engine, except a Propeller. 
 Environmental Laws shall mean all applicable laws (including common law), statutes, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions or legally binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Authority, relating to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the handling, treatment, storage, disposal, Release or threatened Release of, or the exposure of any Person (including employees) to, any Hazardous Materials. 
 Environmental Liability shall mean any liability (including any liability for damages, natural resource damage, costs of environmental investigation, remediation or monitoring or costs, fines or penalties) resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment, disposal or the arrangement for disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement, lease or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests shall mean Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock). 
 ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Escrow Accounts shall mean accounts of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, solely to the extent any such accounts hold funds set aside by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to manage the collection and payment of amounts collected, withheld or incurred by the Borrower or such Subsidiary for the benefit of third parties relating to (a) federal income tax withholding and backup withholding tax, employment taxes, transportation excise taxes and security related charges, (b) any and all state and local income tax withholding, employment taxes and related charges and fees and similar taxes, charges and fees, including, but not limited to, state and local payroll withholding taxes, unemployment and supplemental unemployment taxes, disability taxes, workman s or workers compensation charges and related charges and fees, (c) state and local taxes imposed on overall gross receipts, sales and use taxes, fuel excise taxes and hotel occupancy taxes, (d) passenger facility fees and charges collected on behalf of and owed to various administrators, institutions, authorities, agencies and entities, (e) other similar federal, state or local taxes, charges and fees (including without limitation any amount required to be withheld or collected under applicable law) and (f) other funds held in trust for, or otherwise pledged to or segregated for the benefit of, an identified beneficiary or (2) accounts, capitalized interest accounts, debt service reserve accounts, escrow accounts and other similar accounts or funds established in connection with the ARB Indebtedness. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Eurodollar , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the LIBO Rate. 
 Eurodollar Tranche shall mean the collective reference to Eurodollar Loans under the Facility the then current Interest Periods with respect to all of which begin on the same 
 18 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

date and end on the same later date (whether or not such Loans shall originally have been made on the same day). 
 Event of Default shall have the meaning given such term in Section 7. 
 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Excluded Subsidiary means each Subsidiary of the Borrower (or, following any Permitted Parent Reorganization, the Parent) that is a captive insurance company and is prohibited from becoming a Guarantor pursuant to applicable rules and regulations. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes shall mean, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any Obligation of the Borrower or any Guarantor hereunder or under any Loan Document, (a) any Taxes based on (or measured by) its net income, profits or capital, or any franchise taxes, imposed (i) by the United States of America or any political subdivision thereof or by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or (ii) as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than a connection arising from such recipient s having executed, delivered, enforced, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, this Agreement or any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in this Agreement or any Loan Document), (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar Tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which such recipient is located, (c) in the case of a Lender, any withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.18) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.16(a), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (d) in the case of a Lender, any withholding Tax that is attributable to such Lender s failure to deliver the documentation described in Section 2.16(f) or 2.16(g) and (e) any U.S. withholding Tax that is imposed by reason of FATCA. 
 Existing Engine Type shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.07. 
 Extended Revolving Commitment shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.28(a). 
 19 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Extension shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.28(a). 
 Extension Amendment shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.28(c). 
 Extension Offer shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.28(a). 
 Extension Offer Date shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.28(a). 
 FAA shall mean the Federal Aviation Administration of the United States of America and any successor thereto. 
 FAA Slots shall mean, in the case of airports in the United States, at any time, the right and operational authority to conduct one Instrument Flight Rule (as defined in Title 14) scheduled landing or take-off operation at a specific time or during a specific time period at any airport at which landings or take-offs are restricted, including, without limitation, slots and operating authorizations, whether pursuant to FAA or DOT regulations or orders pursuant to Title 14, Title 49 or other federal statutes now or hereinafter in effect. 
 Facility or Revolving Facility shall mean the Revolving Commitments and the Revolving Loans made and Letters of Credit issued thereunder. 
 FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement, any amended or successor provisions that are substantively comparable thereto and not materially more onerous to comply with, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate shall mean, for any day, the weighted average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 100 of 1 of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 100 of 1 of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 Fees shall collectively mean the Commitment Fees, the Upfront Fees, Letter of Credit Fees and other fees referred to in Section 2.19. 
 First Amendment Closing Date shall mean March 12, 2021. 
 Fitch shall mean Fitch Ratings Inc. 
 Flight Simulators shall mean the flight simulators and flight training devices of the Borrower or any other applicable Grantor (including, without limitation, any such simulators or training devices located on a Real Property Asset). 
 Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0 . 
 20 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Foreign Lender shall mean any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is located. For purposes of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
 Foreign Subsidiary shall mean any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower which is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, which are in effect from time to time, including those set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession and the rules and regulations of the SEC governing the inclusion of financial statements in periodic reports required to be filed pursuant to Section 13 of the Exchange Act, including opinions and pronouncements in staff accounting bulletins and similar written statements from the accounting staff of the SEC. 
 Gate Leasehold means, at any time, all of the right, title, privilege, interest and authority, now held or hereafter acquired, of the Borrower or a Guarantor in connection with the right to use or occupy space in an airport terminal at any airport. 
 Governmental Authority shall mean the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank organization, or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing or regulatory powers or functions of or pertaining to government. Governmental Authority shall not include any Person in its capacity as an Airport Authority. 
 Grantor shall mean the Borrower and any Guarantor that shall at any time pledge Collateral under a Collateral Document. 
 Ground Support Equipment shall mean the equipment owned by the Borrower or, if applicable, any other Grantor for crew and passenger ground transportation, cargo, mail and luggage handling, catering, fuel oil servicing, de-icing, cleaning, aircraft maintenance and servicing, dispatching, security and motor vehicles. 
 Guarantee means a guarantee (other than (a) by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection or (b) customary contractual indemnities, in each case in the ordinary course of business), direct or indirect, in any manner including, without limitation, by way of a pledge of assets or through letters of credit or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof, of all or any part of any Indebtedness (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreements to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take or pay or to maintain financial statement conditions). 
 Guaranteed Obligations shall have the meaning given such term in Section 9.01(a). 
 Guarantors shall mean, collectively, each Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower that becomes pursuant to Section 5.13, a party to the Guarantee contained in Section 9. As of the Closing Date, there are no Guarantors. 
 Guaranty Obligations shall have the meaning given such term in Section 9.01(a). 
 21 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Hazardous Materials shall mean all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature that are regulated pursuant to, or could reasonably be expected to give rise to liability under any Environmental Law. 
 Hedging Agreement shall mean any agreement evidencing Hedging Obligations. 
 Hedging Obligations means, with respect to any Person, all obligations and liabilities of such Person under 
 (1) interest rate swap agreements (whether from fixed to floating or from floating to fixed), interest rate cap agreements and interest rate collar agreements 
 (2) other agreements or arrangements designed to manage interest rates or interest rate risk and 
 (3) other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in currency exchange rates, fuel prices or other commodity prices, but excluding (x) clauses in purchase agreements and maintenance agreements pertaining to future prices and (y) fuel purchase agreements and fuel sales that are for physical delivery of the relevant commodity. 
 IATA means the International Air Transport Association and any successor thereto. 
 Illegality Event shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.29. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary of the Borrower (or, following any Permitted Parent Reorganization, the Parent) for which (a) the assets of such Subsidiary constitute no more than 10.0 of the total assets of the Borrower (or, following any Permitted Parent Reorganization, the Parent) and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis (determined as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements are available to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01) and (b) the revenues of such Subsidiary account for no more than 10.0 of the total revenues of the Borrower (or, following any Permitted Parent Reorganization, the Parent) and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the twelve-month period ending on the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements are available to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01 provided that the total assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries shall not exceed, in the aggregate, (x) 15.0 of the total assets of the Borrower (or, following any Permitted Parent Reorganization, the Parent) and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis (determined as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements are available to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01) or (y) 15.0 of the total revenues of the Borrower (or, following any Permitted Parent Reorganization, the Parent) and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the twelve-month period ending on the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements are available to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01 provided , further that (i) a Subsidiary will not be considered to be an Immaterial Subsidiary if it (1) directly or indirectly guarantees, or pledges any property or assets to secure, any Obligations or Junior Secured Debt or (2) owns any properties or assets that constitute Collateral and (ii) if one or more Subsidiaries of the Borrower (or, following any Permitted Parent Reorganization, the Parent) becomes an Immaterial Subsidiary by operation of the preceding proviso, the Borrower shall be entitled from time to time, in its sole discretion, to 
 22 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

designate in writing to the Administrative Agent one or more Subsidiaries of the Borrower (or, following any Permitted Parent Reorganization, the Parent) as Subsidiaries that shall constitute Material Subsidiaries (and cease to be Immaterial Subsidiaries), so long as, after giving effect to such designation(s), all remaining Immaterial Subsidiaries meet the requirements of the preceding proviso and the Borrower has complied with the requirements of Section 5.13. 
 Increase Effective Date shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.27(a). 
 Increase Joinder shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.27(c). 
 Indebtedness means, with respect to any specified Person, any indebtedness of such Person (excluding accrued expenses and trade payables), whether or not contingent 
 (1) in respect of borrowed money 
 (2) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or letters of credit (or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof) 
 (3) in respect of banker s acceptances 
 (4) representing Capital Lease Obligations 
 (5) representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property or services due more than six months after such property is acquired or such services are completed, but excluding in any event trade payables arising in the ordinary course of business or 
 (6) representing any Hedging Obligations, 
 if and to the extent any of the preceding items (other than letters of credit and Hedging Obligations) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of the specified Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, the term Indebtedness includes all Indebtedness of others secured by a Lien on any asset of the specified Person (whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by the specified Person) and, to the extent not otherwise included, the Guarantee by the specified Person of any Indebtedness of any other Person. Indebtedness shall be calculated without giving effect to the effects of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 815 Derivatives and Hedging and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, Banking Product Obligations do not constitute Indebtedness. 
 Indemnified Taxes shall mean Taxes other than Excluded Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payments made by the Borrower or any Guarantor under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 Indemnitee shall have the meaning given such term in Section 10.04(b). 
 Initial Appraisal shall mean (a) with respect to the Aircraft or Engines, each of the appraisals of MBA dated March 27, 2020, and the appraisal of ASG dated March 27, 2020, 
 23 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(b) with respect to the Slots and Gate Leaseholds, the appraisal of MBA dated March 27, 2020, and (c) with respect to the Flight Simulators, the appraisal of MBA dated March 27, 2020. 
 Intercreditor Agreement shall have the meaning given such term in Section 10.17. 
 Interest Election Request shall mean a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.05. 
 Interest Payment Date shall mean (a) as to any Eurodollar SOFR Loan having an Interest Period of one , two or three months, the last day of such Interest Period, (b) as to any Eurodollar SOFR Loan having an Interest Period of more than three months, each day that is three months, or a whole multiple thereof, after the first day of such Interest Period and the last day of such Interest Period and (c) with respect to ABR Revolving Loans, the 15th Business Day following the end of each March, June, September and December. 
 Interest Period shall mean, as to any Borrowing of Eurodollar SOFR Loans, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing (including as a result of a conversion from ABR Loans) or on the last day of the preceding Interest Period applicable to such Borrowing and ending on (but excluding) the numerically corresponding day (or if there is no corresponding day, the last day) in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months (or, if available to all applicable Lenders and agreed to by all Lenders, nine or twelve months) thereafter, as the Borrower may elect in the related notice delivered pursuant to Section 2.03 or 2.05 provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day which shall not be a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, and (ii) no Interest Period shall end later than the applicable Termination Date. 
 International Interest shall mean an international interest as defined in the Cape Town Treaty. 
 International Registry shall mean the International Registry as defined in the Cape Town Treaty. 
 Investments means, with respect to any Person, all direct or indirect investments made by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the forms of loans (including Guarantees or other obligations), advances (but excluding advance payments and deposits for goods and services in the ordinary course of business) or capital contributions (excluding commission, travel and similar advances to officers, employees and consultants made in the ordinary course of business), purchases or other acquisitions for consideration of Indebtedness, Equity Interests or other securities of other Persons, together with all items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Issuing Lender shall mean (i) Citibank (or any of its Affiliates reasonably acceptable to the Borrower), in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.02(i), and (ii) if Citibank s Revolving Commitment is at any time less than 60,000,000, any other Lender agreeing to act in such capacity, which other Lender shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Each Issuing Lender may, in its reasonable discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Lender reasonably acceptable to the Borrower, which Affiliate shall agree in writing reasonably acceptable to the Borrower to be bound by the provisions of the Loan Documents applicable to an Issuing Lender, in which case 
 24 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

the term Issuing Lender shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 
 Junior Lien Cap means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of Junior Secured Debt that may be incurred by the Borrower and any Guarantor such that, after giving pro forma effect to such incurrence and the application of the net proceeds therefrom the Total Collateral Coverage Ratio shall be no less than 1.0 to 1.0. 
 Junior Secured Debt shall mean Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on Collateral that is junior to the Liens securing the Obligations and permitted to be secured by a Lien on Collateral under Section 6.06. 
 Junior Secured Debt Documents shall mean each indenture, credit agreement and other agreements, instruments and notes evidencing Junior Secured Debt, and each other agreement executed in connection therewith, as each may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 LC Commitment shall mean, with respect to any Issuing Lender, an amount equal to the Revolving Commitment of such Issuing Lender from time to time. 
 LC Disbursement shall mean a payment made by an Issuing Lender pursuant to a Letter of Credit issued by it. 
 LC Exposure shall mean, at any time, with respect to any Revolving Lender that is an Issuing Lender, the sum of (i) the aggregate maximum undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by it at such time plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements made by it that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time provided , that in the case of any escalating Letter of Credit where the face amount thereof is subject to escalation with no conditions, the applicable Issuing Lender s LC Exposure with respect to such Letter of Credit shall be determined by referring to the maximum face amount to which such Letter of Credit may be so escalated. 
 Lenders shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 
 Letter of Credit shall mean any irrevocable letter of credit issued pursuant to Section 2.02, which letter of credit shall be (i) a standby letter of credit, (ii) issued for general corporate purposes of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower provided that in any case the account party of a Letter of Credit must be the Borrower, (iii) denominated in Dollars and (iv) otherwise in such form as may be reasonably approved from time to time by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Lender. 
 Letter of Credit Account shall mean the account established by the Borrower under the sole and exclusive control of the Collateral Agent maintained at the office of the Collateral Agent at Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 designated as the Spirit Pledge Account that shall be used solely for the purposes set forth herein. 
 Letter of Credit Fees shall mean the fees payable in respect of Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.21. 
 LIBO Rate shall mean, with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Loan, the rate per annum which appears on the page of the Bloomberg 
 25 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Screen which displays the London interbank offered rate administered by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (such page currently being the LIBOR01 page) or any successor to or substitute for such service, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided on such page of such service, as determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time for purposes of providing quotations of interest rates applicable to Dollar deposits in the London interbank market) at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, as the rate for Dollar deposits with a maturity comparable to such Interest Period provided that, if negative, the LIBO Rate shall be deemed to be 0 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 LIBO Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the LIBO Rate. 
 LIBOR Successor Rate shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.09(b). 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or similar encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under applicable law (but excluding any lease, sublease, use or license agreement or swap agreement or similar arrangement by any Grantor described in clause (e) or (f) of the definition of Permitted Disposition ), including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any option or other agreement to sell or give a security interest in and, except in connection with any Qualified Receivables Transaction, any agreement to give any financing statement under the UCC (or equivalent statutes) of any jurisdiction. 
 Liquidity shall mean the sum of (i) all unrestricted cash, Cash Equivalents and short-term investment securities (as referred to in the Borrower s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and or other public filings with the SEC) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any cash or Cash Equivalents held in accounts subject to Account Control Agreements or otherwise then pledged to secure any Indebtedness other than the Obligations), and (ii) the aggregate principal amount committed and available to be drawn by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (taking into account all borrowing base limitations, collateral coverage requirements or other restrictions on borrowing availability) under all revolving credit facilities (including this Facility) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries provided , that no more than 250,000,000 of Liquidity under the foregoing clause (ii) may be derived from undrawn Commitments under this Facility at any given time provided , further , that, as of any date of determination, any Liquidity contributed by Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are not also Guarantors on such date that is in excess of 10 of the total Liquidity shall, in each case, be excluded from the calculation of Liquidity on such date. 
 Loan Request shall mean a request by the Borrower, executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, for a Loan in accordance with Section 2.03 in substantially the form of Exhibit D. 
 Loans shall mean the Revolving Loans. 
 Loan Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Collateral Documents, any Intercreditor Agreement and any other instrument or agreement (which is designated as a Loan Document therein) executed and delivered by the Borrower or a Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Lender or any Lender, in each case, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and restated from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 26 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Margin Stock shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.11(a). 
 Material Adverse Change shall mean any event, development or circumstance that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Material Adverse Effect shall mean (i) a material adverse effect on (a) the consolidated business, operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders thereunder, or (c) the ability of the Borrower and the Guarantors, collectively, to pay the Obligations or (ii) a Collateral Material Adverse Effect. 
 Material Indebtedness shall mean Indebtedness of the Borrower or one or more Guarantors (other than the Loans and obligations relating to Letters of Credit) outstanding under the same agreement in a principal amount exceeding 100,000,000. 
 MBA shall mean Morten, Beyer and Agnew. 
 Minimum Extension Condition shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.28(b). 
 Moody s shall mean Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Mortgaged Collateral shall mean all of the Collateral as defined in the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage (including as supplemented by any Mortgage Supplement). 
 Net Proceeds means the aggregate cash and Cash Equivalents received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any Collateral Sale (including, without limitation, any cash or Cash Equivalents received in respect of or upon the sale or other disposition of any non-cash consideration received in any Collateral Sale) or Recovery Event, net of (a) the direct costs and expenses relating to such Collateral Sale and incurred by the Borrower or a Subsidiary (including the sale or disposition of such non-cash consideration) or any such Recovery Event, including, without limitation, legal, accounting and investment banking fees, and sales commissions, and any relocation expenses incurred as a result of the Collateral Sale or Recovery Event, taxes paid or payable as a result of the Collateral Sale or Recovery Event, in each case, after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements (b) any reserve for adjustment or indemnification obligations in respect of the sale price of such asset or assets established in accordance with GAAP and (c) any portion of the purchase price from a Collateral Sale placed in escrow pursuant to the terms of such Collateral Sale (either as a reserve for adjustment of the purchase price, or for satisfaction of indemnities in respect of such Collateral Sale) until the termination of such escrow. 
 Net Proceeds Amount shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.12(a). 
 New Lender shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.27(a). 
 Non-Defaulting Lender shall mean, at any time, a Revolving Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender. 
 Non-Extending Lender shall have the meaning given such term in Section 10.08(g). 
 Objection Notice shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.09(b). 
 27 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Obligations shall mean the unpaid principal of and interest on (including interest accruing after the maturity of the Loans and interest accruing after the filing of any petition of bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to the Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding), the Loans, the Designated Hedging Obligations, the Designated Banking Product Obligations, and all other obligations and liabilities of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent any Issuing Lender or any Lender (or (i) in the case of Designated Hedging Obligations, any obligee with respect to such designated Hedging Obligations who was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender when the related Designated Hedging Agreement was entered into, or (ii) in the case of Designated Banking Product Obligations, any obligee with respect to such Designated Banking Product Obligations who was a Lender or a banking Affiliate of any Lender at the time the related Designated Banking Product Agreement was entered into), whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which arise under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, out-of-pocket costs, and expenses (including all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to any Agent, any Issuing Lender or any Lender that are required to be paid by the Borrower pursuant hereto) or otherwise provided , however , that the aggregate amount of all Designated Hedging Obligations (valued in accordance with the definition thereof) at any time outstanding that shall be included as Obligations shall not exceed 10 of the original Total Revolving Commitment in effect on the Closing Date provided , further , that in no event shall the Obligations include Excluded Swap Obligations. 
 OFAC means the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 One-Month LIBOR means, for any day, the rate for deposits in Dollars for a one-month period appearing on the Bloomberg Screen which displays the London interbank offered rate administered by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (such page currently being the LIBOR01 page) as of 11 00 a.m., London time, on such day provided that, if such rate shall be less than zero or the circumstances contemplated by Section 2.09(a) have occurred and are continuing, then in either such case the One-Month LIBOR shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Officer means, with respect to any Person, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, the Secretary or any Vice-President of such Person. 
 Officer s Certificate shall mean a certificate signed on behalf of the Borrower by an Officer of the Borrower. 
 Other Taxes shall mean any and all present or future court stamp, mortgage, intangible, recording, filing or documentary taxes or any other similar charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, performance, delivery, registration of or enforcement of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 Outstanding Letters of Credit shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.02(j). 
 Parent Company means, with respect to a Revolving Lender, the bank holding company (as defined in Federal Reserve Board Regulation Y), if any, of such Revolving Lender, and or any Person owning, beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, a majority of the shares of such Revolving Lender. 
 28 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Parent s Domestic Subsidiary shall mean, following any Permitted Parent Reorganization, any Subsidiary of the Parent that was formed under the laws of the United States or any state of the United States or the District of Columbia or that guarantees, or pledges any property or assets to secure, any Obligations or Junior Secured Debt. 
 Participant shall have the meaning given such term in Section 10.02(d). 
 Participant Register shall have the meaning given such term in Section 10.02(d). 
 Patriot Act shall mean the USA PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law on October 26, 2001 and any subsequent legislation that amends or supplements such Act or any subsequent legislation that supersedes such Act. 
 Payroll Accounts shall mean depository accounts used only for payroll. 
 Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 Permitted Business means any business that is the same as, or reasonably related, ancillary, supportive or complementary to, or a reasonable extension of, the business in which the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are engaged on the date of this Agreement. 
 Permitted Disposition shall mean any of the following 
 (a) the Disposition of Collateral permitted under the applicable Collateral Documents 
 (b) the Disposition of cash or Cash Equivalents constituting Collateral in exchange for other cash or Cash Equivalents constituting Collateral and having reasonably equivalent value therefor provided that this clause (b) shall not permit any Disposition of the Letter of Credit Account or any amounts on deposit therein 
 (c) sales or dispositions of surplus, obsolete, negligible or uneconomical assets no longer used in the business of the Borrower and the other Grantors, including returns of Slots to the FAA 
 (d) Dispositions of Collateral among the Grantors (including any Person that shall become a Grantor simultaneous with such Disposition in the manner contemplated by Section 5.13) provided that 
 (i) such Collateral remains at all times subject to a Lien with the same priority and level of perfection as was the case immediately prior to such Disposition (and otherwise subject only to Permitted Liens) in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties following such Disposition, 
 (ii) concurrently therewith, the Grantors shall execute any documents and take any actions reasonably required to create, grant, establish, preserve or perfect such Lien in accordance with the other provisions of this Agreement or the Collateral Documents, 
 (iii) concurrently therewith or promptly thereafter, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall receive an Officer s Certificate, with respect to the matters described in clauses (i) and (ii) hereof and, if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, an opinion of counsel to the Borrower 
 29 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(which may be in-house counsel) as to the validity and perfection of such Lien on the Collateral, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, 
 (iv) concurrently with any Disposition of Collateral to any Person that shall become a Grantor simultaneous with such Disposition in the manner contemplated by Section 5.13, such Person shall have complied with the requirements of Section 5.13(b) provided further that this clause (d) shall not permit any Disposition of the Letter of Credit Account or any amounts on deposit therein, and 
 (v) the preceding provisions of clauses (i) through (iv) shall not be applicable to any Disposition resulting from a merger or consolidation permitted by Section 6.10 and 
 (e) (i) abandonment of Slots and Gate Leaseholds provided that such abandonment is (A) in connection with the downsizing of any hub or facility which does not materially and adversely affect the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (B) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices and does not materially and adversely affect the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (C) reasonably determined by the Borrower to relate to Collateral of de minimis value or surplus to the Borrower s needs or (D) required by the DOT, the FAA or other Governmental Authority and, in the case of any such abandonment under this clause (i), does not have a Collateral Material Adverse Effect, 
 (ii) exchange of FAA Slots in the ordinary course of business that in the Borrower s reasonable judgment are of reasonably equivalent value (so long as the FAA Slots received in such exchange are concurrently pledged as Additional Collateral and constitute Eligible Collateral, and such exchange would not result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect), 
 (iii) the termination of leases or subleases or airport use or license agreements in the ordinary course of business to the extent such terminations do not have a Collateral Material Adverse Effect, or 
 (iv) any other lease or sublease of, or use or license agreements with respect to, assets and properties that constitute Slots or Gate Leaseholds in the ordinary course of business and swap agreements or similar arrangements with respect to Slots in the ordinary course of business and which lease, sublease, use or license agreement or swap agreement or similar arrangement (A) has a term of one year or less, or does not extend beyond two comparable IATA traffic seasons (and contains no option to extend beyond either of such periods), (B) has a term (including any option period) longer than allowed in clause (A) provided , however , that (x) in the case of each transaction pursuant to this clause (B), an Officer s Certificate is delivered to the Administrative Agent concurrently with or promptly after the applicable Grantor s entering into any such transaction that (i) immediately after giving effect to such transaction the Collateral Coverage Ratio (excluding, for purposes of calculating such ratio, the proceeds of such transaction and the intended use thereof) would be no less than 1.0 to 1.0, (ii) the Collateral Agent s Liens on Collateral subject to such lease, sublease, use, license agreement or swap or similar arrangement are not materially adversely affected (it being understood that no Permitted Lien shall be deemed to have such an effect) and (iii) no Event of Default exists at the time of such transaction, and (y) immediately after giving effect to any transaction pursuant to this clause (B), the aggregate Appraised Value of Collateral subject to transactions covered by this clause (B) shall not exceed 30,000,000, (C) is for purposes of operations by another airline operating under a brand associated with the 
 30 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Borrower or otherwise operating routes at the Borrower s direction under a code share agreement, capacity purchase agreement, pro-rate agreement or similar arrangement between such airline and the Borrower or (D) is subject and subordinated to the rights (including remedies) of the Collateral Agent under the applicable Collateral Documents on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and 
 (f) the lease or sublease of assets and properties in the ordinary course of business provided that, the rights of the lessee or sublessee shall be subordinated to the rights (including remedies) of the Collateral Agent under the applicable Collateral Document on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Permitted Liens means 
 (1) Liens held by the Collateral Agent securing the Obligations 
 (2) Liens securing Junior Secured Debt in an aggregate principal amount (as of the date of incurrence of any such Junior Secured Debt and after giving pro forma effect to the application of the net proceeds therefrom), not exceeding the Junior Lien Cap, provided that such Liens shall (x) rank junior to the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent securing the Obligations and (y) be subject to an Intercreditor Agreement reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Required Lenders and the Borrower 
 (3) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or claims that are not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently concluded provided that any reserve or other appropriate provision as is required in conformity with GAAP has been made therefor 
 (4) Liens imposed by law, including carriers , warehousemen s, landlord s and mechanics Liens, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (5) Liens arising by operation of law in connection with judgments, attachments or awards which do not constitute an Event of Default hereunder 
 (6) Liens created for the benefit of (or to secure) the Obligations or any Guaranty Obligations 
 (7) (A) any overdrafts and related liabilities arising from treasury, netting, depository and cash management services or in connection with any automated clearing house transfers of funds, in each case as it relates to cash or Cash Equivalents, if any, and (B) Liens arising by operation of law or that are contractual rights of set-off in favor of the depository bank or securities intermediary in respect of the Letter of Credit Account or the Collateral Proceeds Account 
 (8) licenses, sublicenses, leases and subleases by any Grantor as they relate to any aircraft, airframe, engine, Mortgaged Collateral or any Additional Collateral and to the extent (A) such licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases do not interfere in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and in each case, such license, sublicense, lease or sublease is to be subject and subordinate to the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents, and in each case, would not result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect or (B) otherwise expressly permitted by the Collateral Documents 
 (9) salvage or similar rights of insurers, in each case as it relates to any aircraft, airframe, engine, Mortgaged Collateral or any Additional Collateral, if any 
 31 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(10) in each case as it relates to any aircraft, Liens on appliances, parts, components, instruments, appurtenances, furnishings and other equipment installed on such aircraft and separately financed by a Grantor, to secure such financing 
 (11) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower with respect to obligations that do not exceed in the aggregate 7,500,000 at any one time outstanding 
 (12) Liens on Collateral permitted under the Collateral Document granting a Lien on such Collateral and 
 (13) Easements (including reciprocal easement agreements), rights-of-way, building, zoning and similar restrictions, utility agreements, covenants, reservations, restrictions, encroachments, charges, and other similar encumbrances or title defects incurred, leases or subleases, licenses or sublicenses, or occupancy agreements granted to others, whether or not of record and whether now in existence or hereafter entered into, in the ordinary course of business, which do not in the aggregate materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
 Permitted Parent Reorganization shall mean the entry by the Borrower into any reorganization pursuant to Section 251(g) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware pursuant to which a new holding company structure is implemented above the Borrower provided that upon such reorganization any new holding company (such holding company, the Parent and each Parent s Domestic Subsidiary (other than the Borrower, any Immaterial Subsidiary, any Excluded Subsidiary and any Receivables Subsidiary) shall become a Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.13 of this Agreement. 
 Person shall mean any natural person, corporation, division of a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, estate, unincorporated organization, Airport Authority or Governmental Authority or any agency or political subdivision thereof. 
 Pledged Aircraft means, as of any date, the Eligible Aircraft included in the Collateral as of such date. 
 Pledged Cash and Cash Equivalents means, as of any date, the amount of cash and Cash Equivalents included in the Collateral as of such date. 
 Pledged Engines means, as of any date, the Eligible Engines included in the Collateral as of such date. 
 Pledged Gate Leaseholds means, as of any date, the Gate Leaseholds included in the Collateral as of such date. 
 Pledged Ground Support Equipment means, as of any date, the Ground Support Equipment included in the Collateral as of such date. 
 Pledged Real Property Assets means, as of any date, the Real Property Assets included in the Collateral as of such date. 
 Pledged Slots means, as of any date, the Slots included in the Collateral as of such date. 
 32 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Pledged Spare Parts means, as of any date, the Eligible Spare Parts included in the Collateral as of such date. 
 Prime Rate shall mean the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by Citibank, as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in New York City (the Prime Rate not being intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged by Citibank in connection with extensions of credit to debtors) each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 
 Professional User shall have the meaning given it in the Regulations and Procedures for the International Registry. 
 Propeller shall mean any propeller, including any part, appurtenance, and accessory of a propeller. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Put Exposure means the principal amount of Loans, LC Exposure and unused Revolving Commitments that Lenders have elected be prepaid, discharged and terminated, respectively, pursuant to Section 2.12(g) in response to a Change of Control Offer. 
 QEC Kits means the quick engine change kits of any Grantor. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.20. 
 Qualified Receivables Transaction means any transaction or series of transactions entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries sells, conveys or otherwise transfers to (a) a Receivables Subsidiary or any other Person (in the case of a transfer by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) and (b) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Subsidiary), or grants a security interest in, any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto including, without limitation, all Equity Interests and other investments in the Receivables Subsidiary, all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable, other than assets that constitute Collateral or proceeds of Collateral. 
 Qualified Replacement Assets means Additional Collateral of any of the types described in clauses (b), (c), and (d) of the definition of Additional Collateral . 
 Rating Agency means Moody s or Fitch. 
 Real Property Assets shall mean those parcels of real property owned in fee or ground leased by the Borrower or any other Grantor designated by the Borrower and together with, in each case, all of Borrower s or Grantor s (as applicable) right, title and interest in and to all buildings, improvements, facilities, appurtenant fixtures and equipment, easements and other property and rights incidental or appurtenant to the ownership or ground leasing of such parcel of real property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no real property located in an area identified as a 
 33 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

special flood hazard area by the Federal Emergency Management Agency or other applicable agency, in accordance with any of (i) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively revised the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973) as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto or (iii) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, shall be a Real Property Asset for purposes hereof. 
 Real Property Mortgages shall mean the mortgages, deeds of trust and other security documents granting a Lien on any Real Property Assets of the Borrower or any Grantor, together with its interest in such property, to secure the Obligations, each in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 Receivables Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Borrower which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable and which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Borrower (as provided below) as a Receivables Subsidiary (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (1) is guaranteed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than comprising a pledge of the Capital Stock or other interests in such Receivables Subsidiary (an incidental pledge ), and excluding any guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction), (2) is recourse to or obligates the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in any way other than through an incidental pledge or pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction or (3) subjects any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than accounts receivable and related assets as provided in the definition of Qualified Receivables Transaction ), directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction, (b) with which neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary of the Borrower has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than pursuant to the Qualified Receivables Transaction) other than (i) on terms no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons who are not Affiliates of the Borrower, and (ii) fees payable in the ordinary course of business in connection with servicing accounts receivable and (c) with which neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary of the Borrower has any obligation to maintain or preserve such Subsidiary s financial condition, other than a minimum capitalization in customary amounts, or to cause such Subsidiary to achieve certain levels of operating results. Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Borrower will be evidenced to the Administrative Agent by filing with the Administrative Agent a certified copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Borrower giving effect to such designation and an Officer s Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing conditions. 
 Recovery Event shall mean any settlement of or payment in respect of any property or casualty insurance claim or any condemnation proceeding relating to any Collateral or any Event of Loss (as defined in the related Collateral Document pursuant to which a security interest in such Collateral is granted to the Collateral Agent, if applicable). 
 Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.02(b)(iv). 
 Regulations and Procedures for the International Registry shall mean the official English language text of the International Registry Procedures and Regulations issued by 
 34 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

the Supervisory Authority (as defined in the Cape Town Convention) pursuant to the Aircraft Protocol. 
 Related Parties shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, partners, members, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Release shall have the meaning specified in Section 101(22) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act. 
 Replacement Facility shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(h). 
 Required Lenders shall mean, at any time, Lenders holding more than 50 of the Total Revolving Commitments then in effect or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding. The Revolving Extensions of Credit, outstanding Loans and Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining the Required Lenders at any time. 
 Responsible Officer means an Officer. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Revolving Availability Period shall mean the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the Revolving Facility Termination Date with respect to the applicable Revolving Commitments. 
 Revolving Commitment shall mean the commitment of each Revolving Lender to make Revolving Loans and, if such Revolving Lender is an Issuing Lender, to issue Letters of Credit, hereunder in an aggregate principal not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Revolving Commitment opposite its name in Annex A hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Revolving Lender became a party hereto, as the same may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The aggregate amount of the Total Revolving Commitments as of the First Amendment Closing Date is 240,000,000. 
 Revolving Commitment Percentage shall mean, at any time, with respect to each Revolving Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing its Revolving Commitment at such time by the Total Revolving Commitment (or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the Revolving Extensions of Credit of such Revolving Lender at such time by the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit at such time). 
 Revolving Extensions of Credit shall mean, as to any Revolving Lender at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans held by such Lender then outstanding and (b) if such Lender is an Issuing Lender, such Lender s LC Exposure then outstanding. 
 Revolving Facility Maturity Date shall mean, with respect to any (a) Revolving Commitments that have not been extended pursuant to Section 2.28, March 30, 2024 and (b) Extended Revolving Commitments, the final maturity date therefor as specified in the applicable Extension Offer accepted by the respective Revolving Lender or Revolving Lenders. 
 Revolving Facility Termination Date shall mean the earlier to occur of (a) the Revolving Facility Maturity Date with respect to the applicable Revolving Commitments, (b) the acceleration of the Loans (if any) and the termination of the Revolving Commitments in 
 35 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

accordance with the terms hereof and (c) the termination of the applicable Revolving Commitments as a whole pursuant to Section 2.11. 
 Revolving Lender shall mean each Lender having a Revolving Commitment. 
 Revolving Loan shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(a). 
 Revolving Loan Percentage shall mean, with respect to each Revolving Lender, determined as of the date of each advance of a Revolving Loan and prior to giving effect thereto, the percentage determined by dividing (i) the Revolving Commitment of such Revolving Lender minus the Revolving Extensions of Credit of such Revolving Lender by (ii) the Total Revolving Commitments minus the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit. 
 Sale of a Grantor means, with respect to any Collateral, an issuance, sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of the Capital Stock of the applicable Grantor that owns such Collateral other than (1) an issuance of Equity Interests by a Grantor to the Borrower or another Subsidiary of the Borrower, and (2) an issuance of directors qualifying shares. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, territory or region which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions, which as of the Closing Date include Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria. 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) a Person which is subject or target of any Sanctions or (b) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons. 
 Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the United States government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State. 
 S&P shall mean Standard & Poor s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 
 SEC shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Section 1110 means 11 U.S.C. Section 1110 of the Bankruptcy Code or any successor or analogous section of the federal bankruptcy law in effect from time to time. 
 Secured Parties shall mean the Agents, the Issuing Lenders, the Lenders and all other holders of Obligations. 
 Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Significant Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that would be a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Regulation is in effect on the date of this Agreement. 
 Slot means (a) in the case of airports outside the United States, at any time, the right and operational authority to conduct one landing or takeoff at a specific time or during a specific time period, or (b) in the case of airports in the United States, FAA Slots. 
 Slot and Gate Security Agreement shall mean that certain Slot and Gate Security Agreement, in substantially the form of Exhibit F, entered into by the Borrower and the 
 36 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and restated from time to time. 
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate . 
 SOFR Tranche shall mean the collective reference to SOFR Loans under the Facility the then current Interest Periods with respect to all of which begin on the same date and end on the same later date (whether or not such Loans shall originally have been made on the same day). 
 Spare Parts shall mean all accessories, appurtenances, or parts of an Aircraft (except an Engine or Propeller), Engine (except a Propeller), Propeller, or Appliance, that are to be installed at a later time in an Aircraft, Engine, Propeller or Appliance. 
 Spare Parts Security Agreement means the Mortgage and Security Agreement (Spare Parts), entered into by the Borrower and the Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and restated from time to time. 
 Spirit means Spirit Airlines, Inc., a Delaware Corporation. 
 Stated Maturity means, with respect to any installment of interest or principal on any series of Indebtedness, the date on which the payment of interest or principal was scheduled to be paid in the documentation governing such Indebtedness as of the Closing Date, and will not include any contingent obligations to repay, redeem or repurchase any such interest or principal prior to the date originally scheduled for the payment thereof. 
 Statutory Reserve Rate shall mean a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the LIBO Rate, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency Liabilities in Regulation D of the Board). Such reserve percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to such Regulation D. Eurodollar Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in reserve percentage. 
 Stored shall mean, as to any Aircraft or Engine, that such Aircraft or Engine has been stored (a) with a low expectation of a return to service within the one year following commencement of such storage and (b) in a manner intended to minimize the rate of environmental degradation of the structure and components of such Aircraft or Engine (as the case may be) during such storage. 
 37 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any Person 
 (1) any corporation, association or other business entity (other than a partnership, joint venture or limited liability company) of which more than 50 of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement that effectively transfers voting power) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees of the corporation, association or other business entity is at the time of determination owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person (or a combination thereof) and 
 (2) any partnership, joint venture or limited liability company of which (A) more than 50 of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting interests or general and limited partnership interests, as applicable, are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof, whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership interests or otherwise and (B) such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity. 
 Survey shall mean a survey of any Real Property Asset (and all improvements thereon) which is (a) (i) prepared by a surveyor or engineer licensed to perform surveys in the jurisdiction where such Real Property Asset is located, (ii) dated (or redated) not earlier than nine months prior to the date of delivery thereof unless there shall have occurred within nine months prior to such date of delivery any material exterior construction on the site of such Real Property Asset or any material easement, right of way or other interest in the Real Property Asset has been granted or become effective through operation of law or otherwise with respect to such Real Property Asset which, in either case, can be depicted on a survey, in which events, as applicable, such survey shall be dated (or redated) within a reasonable period after the completion of such construction or if such construction shall not have been completed as of such date of delivery, not earlier than 30 days prior to such date of delivery, or after the grant or effectiveness of any such easement, right of way or other interest in the Real Property Asset, (iii) certified by the surveyor (in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to the Collateral Agent, and the Title Company, (iv) complying in all respects with the minimum detail requirements of the American Land Title Association as such requirements are in effect on the date of preparation of such survey and (v) sufficient for the Title Company to remove all standard survey exceptions from the title insurance policy (or commitment) relating to such Real Property Asset (other than a read-in of the applicable Survey) and issue the endorsements of the type required by Section 5.12 or (b) otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Taxes shall mean any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, assessments, fees, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term SOFR means, 
 (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such 
 38 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 
 (b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR SOFR Determination Day. 1 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means, for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan or a SOFR Loan, a percentage per annum as set forth below for the applicable Type of such Loan and (if applicable) Interest Period therefor 
 ABR Loans 
 0.11448 

SOFR Loans 
 Interest Period 
 Percentage 
 One month 
 0.11448 
 Three months 
 0.26161 
 Six months 
 0.42826 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.) 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 
 1 Note Floor already captured in the definition of Adjusted Term SOFR. 
 39 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Termination Date shall mean, with respect to any Revolving Loans, the Revolving Facility Termination Date applicable to the related Revolving Commitments. 
 Title 14 means Title 14 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations, including Part 93, Subparts K and S thereof, as amended from time to time or any successor or recodified regulation. 
 Title 49 shall mean Title 49 of the United States Code, which, among other things, recodified and replaced the U.S. Federal Aviation Act of 1958, and the rules and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, and any subsequent legislation that amends, supplements or supersedes such provisions. 
 Title Company shall mean any title insurance company as shall be retained by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent provided that each of Stewart Title Insurance Company, First American Title Insurance Company and Chicago Title Insurance Company are hereby deemed acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Total Collateral Coverage Ratio shall mean the ratio of (i) the aggregate Appraised Value of all Eligible Collateral plus the Pledged Cash and Cash Equivalents to (ii) the sum, without duplication, of (w) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding (other than LC Exposure that has been Cash Collateralized in accordance with Section 2.02(j)), plus (x) the aggregate amount of all Designated Hedging Obligations that constitute Obligations then outstanding, plus (y) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Junior Secured Debt. 
 Total Obligations shall have the meaning provided in the definition of Collateral Coverage Ratio . 
 Total Revolving Commitment shall mean, at any time, the sum of the Revolving Commitments at such time. 
 Total Revolving Extensions of Credit shall mean, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Extensions of Credit of the Revolving Lenders outstanding at such time. 
 Transactions shall mean the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower and Guarantors of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which they may be a party, the creation of the Liens in the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent and or the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the borrowing of Loans and the use of the proceeds thereof, and the request for and issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Type I Aircraft shall mean any Aircraft that is an Airbus A319 family Aircraft. 
 Type II Aircraft shall mean any Aircraft that (i) is an Airbus A320ceo or A321ceo Aircraft and (ii) as of any date of determination, was delivered by the relevant manufacturer more than eight (8) years prior to such date. 
 Type III Aircraft shall mean any Aircraft that (i) is an Airbus A320ceo or A321ceo Aircraft and (ii) as of any date of determination, was delivered by the relevant manufacturer no less than eight (8) years prior to such date. 
 40 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Type IV Aircraft shall mean any Aircraft that is Airbus A320neo or A321neo Aircraft. 
 UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in any applicable jurisdiction. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 United States Citizen shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.02. 
 Unused Total Revolving Commitment shall mean, at any time, (a) the Total Revolving Commitment less (b) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 Use or Lose Rule shall mean with respect to FAA Slots, the terms of 14 C.F.R. Section 93.227 or other applicable utilization requirements issued by the FAA, other Governmental Authorities or any Airport Authorities. 
 Voting Stock of any specified Person as of any date means the Capital Stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote in the election of the Board of Directors of such Person. 
 Withholding Agent shall mean the Borrower, a Guarantor and the Administrative Agent. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write- down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 Section 1.02. Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any 
 41 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented, extended, amended and restated or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s permitted successors and assigns, (c) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, unless expressly provided otherwise, (e) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (f) knowledge or aware or words of similar import shall mean, when used in reference to the Borrower or the Guarantors, the actual knowledge of any Responsible Officer. 
 Section 1.03. Accounting Terms GAAP. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Closing Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Upon any such request for an amendment, the Borrower, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent agree to consider in good faith any such amendment in order to amend the provisions of this Agreement so as to reflect equitably such accounting changes so that the criteria for evaluating the Borrower s consolidated financial condition shall be the same after such accounting changes as if such accounting changes had not occurred. 
 Section 1.04. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law with respect to any Person that is a limited liability company formed under Delaware law (or any comparable event under the applicable laws of any other relevant jurisdiction) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence as a result of such division or plan of division (or such other comparable event), such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 Section 1.05. Rates . The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic 
 42 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 SECTION 2. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 
 Section 2.01. Commitments of the Lenders. 
 (a) Revolving Commitments . (i) Each Revolving Lender severally, and not jointly with the other Revolving Lenders, agrees, upon the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, to make revolving credit loans denominated in Dollars (each a Revolving Loan and collectively, the Revolving Loans to the Borrower at any time and from time to time during the Revolving Availability Period in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed, when added to such Revolving Lender s LC Exposure (if any), the Revolving Commitment of such Revolving Lender, which Revolving Loans may be repaid and reborrowed in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. At no time shall the sum of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loans plus the LC Exposure exceed the Total Revolving Commitment. 
 (ii) Each Borrowing of a Revolving Loan shall be made from the Revolving Lenders based upon each Revolving Lender s Revolving Loan Percentage of such Revolving Loan provided , however , that the failure of any Revolving Lender to make any Revolving Loan shall not in itself relieve the other Revolving Lenders of their obligations to lend. 
 (b) Type of Borrowing . Each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Eurodollar SOFR Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any Eurodollar SOFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (c) Amount of Borrowing . At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurodollar SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is in an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 1,000,000. At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 1,000,000 provided that an ABR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire Unused Total Revolving Commitment or that is 
 43 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.02(e). Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time. 
 (d) Limitation on Interest Period . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing of a Revolving Loan if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Revolving Facility Maturity Date with respect to the applicable Revolving Commitments. 
 Section 2.02. Letters of Credit. 
 (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request the issuance of (and, subject to the penultimate sentence of clause (b) below, the applicable Issuing Lender shall issue) Letters of Credit in Dollars, at any time and from time to time during the Revolving Availability Period, in each case, for the Borrower s own account or the account of any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Lender and the Borrower. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, an Issuing Lender relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. 
 (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall either provide (i) telephonic notice promptly followed by written notice or (ii) hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable Issuing Lender (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned)) to the applicable Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent (at least two (2) Business Days in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying (1) the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), (2) the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), (3) the amount of such Letter of Credit, (4) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and (5) such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Lender, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Lender s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit provided that, to the extent such standard form (and or any related reimbursement agreement) is inconsistent with the Loan Documents, the Loan Documents shall control. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, the Revolving Extensions of Credit of such Issuing Lender shall not exceed its Revolving Commitment. No Issuing Lender (other than an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) shall permit any such issuance, renewal, extension or amendment resulting in an increase in the amount of any Letter of Credit to occur without first obtaining written confirmation from the Administrative Agent that it is then permitted under this Agreement. 
 (c) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date that is one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is one (1) Business Day prior to the earliest Revolving Facility Maturity Date with respect to the Revolving Commitments of the applicable Issuing Lender 
 44 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

provided that, to the extent that such Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized pursuant to the terms of any Extension Amendment, such Revolving Commitments shall be disregarded for purposes of this clause (ii)). 
 (d) Reserved . 
 (e) Reimbursement . If an Issuing Lender shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the amount of such LC Disbursement not later than the first Business Day following the date the Borrower receives notice from the Issuing Lender of such LC Disbursement provided that, in the case of any LC Disbursement, to the extent not reimbursed and, subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, including, without limitation, making a request in accordance with Section 2.03(a) that such payment shall be financed with an ABR Revolving Borrowing, as the case may be, in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing provided , further that for purposes of determining the Revolving Loan Percentage of each Revolving Lender with respect to such ABR Revolving Borrowing, such LC Disbursement shall not be deemed to be a Revolving Extension of Credit. 
 (f) Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in Section 2.02(e) shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the applicable Issuing Lender under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.02, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Lenders, nor the applicable Issuing Lender, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the applicable Issuing Lender provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an Issuing Lender from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Lender s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the applicable Issuing Lender (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the applicable Issuing Lender shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Lender may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and 
 45 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (g) Disbursement Procedures . The applicable Issuing Lender shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. The applicable Issuing Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment, whether the applicable Issuing Lender has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder and the amount of such LC Disbursement provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the applicable Issuing Lender with respect to any such LC Disbursement in accordance with the terms herein. 
 (h) Interim Interest . If the applicable Issuing Lender shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse (including by a Borrowing) such LC Disbursement in full not later than the first Business Day following the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse (including by a Borrowing) such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to Section 2.02(e), then Section 2.08 shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the applicable Issuing Lender. 
 (i) Replacement of the Issuing Lender . Any Issuing Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Lender and the successor Issuing Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such replacement of the Issuing Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 2.21. From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Lender under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Lender, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Lender hereunder, the replaced Issuing Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Lender under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 (j) Replacement of Letters of Credit Cash Collateralization . The Borrower shall (i) upon or prior to the occurrence of the earlier of (A) the Revolving Facility Maturity Date with respect to all Revolving Commitments and (B) the acceleration of the Loans (if any) and the termination of the Commitments in accordance with the terms hereof, (x) cause all Letters of Credit which expire after the earlier to occur of (A) the Revolving Facility Maturity Date with respect to all Revolving Commitments and (B) the acceleration of the Loans (if any) and the termination of the Commitments in accordance with the terms hereof (the Outstanding Letters of Credit to be returned to the applicable Issuing Lender undrawn and marked cancelled or (y) if the Borrower does not do so in whole or in part, either (A) provide one or more back-to-back letters of credit to each applicable Issuing Lender with respect to any such Outstanding Letters of Credit in a form reasonably satisfactory to each such Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent, issued by a bank satisfactory to each such Issuing Lender (in its sole discretion) and the Administrative Agent, and or (B) deposit cash in the Letter of Credit Account, as collateral security for the Borrower s reimbursement obligations in connection with any such Outstanding Letters of Credit, such cash (or any applicable portion thereof) to be promptly remitted to the Borrower (provided no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) upon the expiration, cancellation or other termination or satisfaction of the 
 46 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Borrower s reimbursement obligations with respect to such Outstanding Letters of Credit, in whole or in part, in an aggregate principal amount for all such back-to-back letters of credit and any such Cash Collateralization equal to 100 of the then outstanding amount of all LC Exposure (less the amount, if any, on deposit in the Letter of Credit Account prior to taking any action pursuant to clauses (A) or (B) above), and (ii) if required pursuant to Section 2.02(m), 2.12(c), 2.12(d), 2.12(e), 2.12(g)(iii) or 7.01 or pursuant to any Extension Amendment, deposit in the Letter of Credit Account an amount required pursuant to Section 2.02(m), 2.12(c), 2.12(d), 2.12(e), 2.12(g)(iii) or 7.01, or pursuant to any such Extension Amendment, as applicable (any such deposit or provision of back-to-back letters of credit described in the preceding clause (i) or clause (ii), Cash Collateralization (it being understood that any LC Exposure shall be deemed to be Cash Collateralized only to the extent a deposit or provision of back-to-back letters of credit as described above is made in an amount equal to 100 of the amount of such LC Exposure)). The Collateral Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the Letter of Credit Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Collateral Agent (in accordance with its usual and customary practices for investments of this type) and at the Borrower s risk and reasonable expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account and shall be paid to the Borrower on its request provided no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Collateral Agent to reimburse the applicable Issuing Lender for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time. If the Borrower is required to provide Cash Collateralization hereunder pursuant to Section 2.02(m), 2.12(c), 2.12(d), 2.12(e) or 2.12(g)(iii) or the terms of any Extension Amendment, such Cash Collateralization (to the extent not applied as contemplated by the applicable section) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after the applicable section (or Extension Amendment) no longer requires the provision of such Cash Collateralization. 
 (k) Issuing Lender Agreements . Unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Lender shall report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) on the first Business Day of each week, the daily activity (set forth by day) in respect of Letters of Credit during the immediately preceding week, including all issuances, extensions, amendments and renewals, all expirations and cancellations and all disbursements and reimbursements, (ii) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Lender expects to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, the aggregate face amount of the Letters of Credit to be issued, amended, renewed, or extended by it (and whether, subject to Section 2.02(b), the face amount of any such Letter of Credit was changed thereby) and the aggregate face amount of such Letters of Credit outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Lender makes any LC Disbursement, the date of such LC Disbursement and the amount of such LC Disbursement, (iv) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Lender on such day, the date of such failure, and the amount of such LC Disbursement and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 
 (l) Reserved . 
 (m) Provisions Related to Extended Revolving Commitments . If the maturity date in respect of any tranche of Revolving Commitments of an Issuing Lender occurs prior to the expiration of any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Lender, then (i) if one or more other tranches of Revolving Commitments of such Issuing Lender in respect of which the maturity date shall not have occurred are then in effect, such Letters of Credit shall automatically be deemed to have been issued under such Issuing Lender s Revolving Commitments in respect of 
 47 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

such non-terminating tranches up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the aggregate principal amount of such Issuing Lender s unutilized Revolving Commitments thereunder at such time and (ii) to the extent not reallocated pursuant to the immediately preceding clause (i), the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize any such Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 2.02(j). For the avoidance of doubt, commencing with the maturity date of any tranche of Revolving Commitments of any Issuing Lender, the sublimit for Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Lender under any tranche of Revolving Commitments that has not so then matured shall be as agreed in the relevant Extension Amendment with such Issuing Lender (to the extent such Extension Amendment so provides). 
 Section 2.03. Requests for Loans. 
 (a) Unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent in connection with making the initial Revolving Loans, to request a Revolving Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by (i) telephone or (ii) by hand or by facsimile delivery of a written Loan Request (A) in the case of a Eurodollar SOFR Loan, not later than 2 00 p.m., New York City time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Loan and (B) in the case of an ABR Loan, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date of the proposed Loan. Each such telephonic Loan request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Loan Request signed by the Borrower. Each such telephonic Loan request and written Loan Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.01(a) 
 (i) the aggregate amount of the requested Loan (which shall comply with Section 2.01(c)) 
 (ii) the date of such Loan, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether such Loan is to be an ABR Loan or a Eurodollar SOFR Loan and 
 (iv) in the case of a Eurodollar SOFR Loan, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If no election as to the Type of Loan is specified, then the requested Loan shall be an ABR Loan. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurodollar SOFR Loan, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (b) Promptly following receipt of a Loan Request in accordance with this Section 2.03, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Revolving Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Revolving Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Loan. 
 Section 2.04. Funding of Loans. 
 (a) Each Revolving Lender shall make each Revolving Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 3 00 p.m., New York City time, or such earlier time as may be reasonably practicable, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders. Upon satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent specified herein, the Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account designated by the Borrower in the applicable Loan Request provided that ABR Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.02(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Issuing Lender. 
 48 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Loan (or, with respect to any ABR Loan made on same-day notice, prior to 12 30 p.m., New York City time, on the date of such Loan) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Loan, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section 2.04 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Loan available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith upon written demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate otherwise applicable to such Loan. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Loan and the Borrower shall not be obligated to repay such amount pursuant to the preceding sentence if not previously repaid. 
 Section 2.05. Interest Elections. 
 (a) The Borrower may elect from time to time to (i) convert ABR Loans to Eurodollar SOFR Loans, (ii) convert Eurodollar SOFR Loans to ABR Loans, provided that any such conversion of Eurodollar SOFR Loans may be made only on the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto or (iii) continue any Eurodollar SOFR Loan as such upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto. 
 (b) To make an Interest Election Request pursuant to this Section 2.05, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone or by hand or facsimile delivery of a written Interest Election Request by the time that a Loan Request would be required under Section 2.03(a) if the Borrower were requesting a Loan of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in substantially the same form as a Loan Request signed by the Borrower. 
 (c) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.01 
 (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar SOFR Borrowing and 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurodollar SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 49 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurodollar SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurodollar SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to a one month Eurodollar SOFR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and upon the request of the Required Lenders, (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Eurodollar SOFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurodollar SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 Section 2.06. Limitation on Eurodollar SOFR Tranches. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all borrowings, conversions and continuations of Eurodollar SOFR Loans and all selections of Interest Periods shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such elections so that, (a) after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of the Eurodollar SOFR Loans comprising each Eurodollar SOFR Tranche shall be equal to 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (b) no more than twenty Eurodollar SOFR Tranches shall be outstanding at any one time. 
 Section 2.07. Interest on Loans. 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08, each ABR Loan shall bear interest (computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a year of 365 days or 366 days in a leap year) at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (b) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08, each Eurodollar SOFR Loan shall bear interest (computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a year of 360 days) at a rate per annum equal, during each Interest Period applicable thereto, to the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (c) Accrued interest on all Loans shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto, on the Termination Date with respect to such Loans and thereafter on written demand and upon any repayment or prepayment thereof (on the amount repaid or prepaid) provided that in the event of any conversion of any Eurodollar SOFR Loan to an ABR Loan, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 Section 2.08. Default Interest. If the Borrower or any Guarantor, as the case may be, shall default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Loan or in the payment of any other amount becoming due hereunder (including, without limitation, the reimbursement pursuant to Section 2.02(e) of any LC Disbursements), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, the Borrower or such Guarantor, as the case may be, shall on written demand of the Administrative Agent from time to time pay interest, to the extent permitted by law, on all overdue amounts up to (but not including) the date of actual payment (after as well as before judgment) at a rate per annum (computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a year of 360 days or, when the Alternate Base Rate is applicable, a year of 365 days or 366 days in a leap year) equal to (a) with respect to the principal amount of any Loan, the rate then applicable for such Borrowings plus 2.0 , and (b) in the case of all other amounts, the rate applicable for ABR Loans plus 2.0 . 
 50 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Section 2.09. Reserved . 
 Section 2.09. Alternate Rate of Interest (a) In the event, and on each occasion, that on the date that is two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Loan, the Administrative Agent shall have reasonably determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrower absent manifest error) that reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable LIBO Rate, the Administrative Agent shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, give written or facsimile notice of such determination to the Borrower and the Lenders and, subject to clause (b) below, until the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, any request by the Borrower for a Borrowing of Eurodollar Loans hereunder (including pursuant to a refinancing with Eurodollar Loans and including any request to continue, or to convert to, Eurodollar Loans) shall be deemed a request for a Borrowing of ABR Loans. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in the event that 
 
 (i) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (x) mutually agree that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or any successor administrator) has permanently discontinued administering and publishing the rate described in clause (i) of the definition of LIBO Rate and (y) mutually determine an alternative benchmark rate for the rate described in clause (i) of the definition of LIBO Rate, taking into account any such alternative benchmark rate broadly accepted in the United States 
 (ii) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (x) mutually agree that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or any successor administrator) will permanently discontinue administering and publishing the rate described in clause (i) of the definition of LIBO Rate as of a specific date and (y) mutually agree to adopt and implement, on or prior to such specific date, an alternative benchmark rate for the rate described in clause (i) of the definition of LIBO Rate, taking into account any such alternative benchmark rate broadly accepted in the United States or 
 (iii) (x) the Administrative Agent determines that an alternative benchmark rate has been adopted in the syndicated loan market in lieu of the rate described in clause (i) of the definition of LIBO Rate at a time when ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or any successor administrator) has not yet permanently discontinued administering and publishing such rate and (y) the Borrower agrees to accept such alternative benchmark rate in lieu of the rate described in clause (i) of the definition of LIBO Rate 
 then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall amend this Agreement (including, without limitation, the definition of LIBO Rate, Alternate Base Rate, the timing and frequency of determining rates and other administrative matters as may be appropriate) to adopt and implement such alternative benchmark rate (the LIBOR Successor Rate provided that in no event shall any LIBOR Successor Rate be less than zero and any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. (New York time) on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower (by promptly posting such information on a website on the Internet under an arrangement whereby the Lenders agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information pursuant to Section 10.03 hereof) unless, prior to such time, the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders that such Required Lenders do not accept such 
 51 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

amendment (such notice, an Objection Notice ). If the circumstances under clause (b)(i)(x) above exist but no LIBOR Successor Rate has been determined pursuant to clause (b)(i)(y), the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurodollar Loans shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Loans or Interest Periods) and the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Eurodollar Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans in the amount specified therein. 
 
 Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt. 
 (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of each Revolving Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan then outstanding on the Revolving Facility Termination Date applicable to such Revolving Loan. 
 (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. The Borrower shall have the right, upon reasonable notice, to request information regarding the accounts referred to in the preceding sentence. 
 (d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section 2.10 shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender and its registered assigns in a form furnished by the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 10.02) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to such payee and its registered assigns. 
 Section 2.11. Optional Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitments. Upon at least one (1) Business Day revocable prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower may at any time in whole permanently terminate a Total Revolving Commitment (subject to compliance with Section 2.12(e)), or from time to time in part permanently reduce the Unused Total Revolving Commitment. Each such reduction of the Unused Total Revolving Commitment shall be in the principal amount not less than 1,000,000 and in an integral multiple of 1,000,000. Simultaneously with each reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitment, the Borrower shall (i) pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender the Commitment Fee accrued and unpaid on the amount of the Revolving Commitment of such Revolving Lender so terminated or reduced through the date thereof and 
 52 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(ii) any outstanding Letters of Credit issued by an Issuing Lender that results in the amount of such Issuing Lender s Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding to exceed the Revolving Commitment (as so reduced) of such Revolving Lender shall be reduced and cancelled (or Cash Collateralized in accordance with Section 2.02(j)) as necessary to ensure the portion (if any) thereof outstanding and not Cash Collateralized does not exceed such Issuing Lender s Revolving Commitment (as so reduced). Any reduction of the Unused Total Revolving Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall be applied to reduce the Revolving Commitments of each Revolving Lender on a pro rata basis. 
 Section 2.12. Mandatory Prepayment of Loans Commitment Termination Change of Control Offer. 
 (a) Within five (5) Business Days of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries receiving any Net Proceeds as a result of a Collateral Sale or a Recovery Event in respect of Collateral, if the Borrower shall not be in compliance with Section 6.09(a) on the date such Net Proceeds are received, the Borrower shall deposit cash in an amount (the Net Proceeds Amount equal to the amount of such received Net Proceeds (solely to the extent necessary to maintain compliance with Section 6.09(a)) into the Collateral Proceeds Account that is maintained with the Collateral Agent for such purpose and subject to an Account Control Agreement and thereafter such Net Proceeds Amount shall be applied (to the extent not otherwise applied pursuant to the immediately succeeding proviso and solely to the extent the Borrower is not in compliance with Section 6.09(a)) in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.12(c) provided that (i) the Borrower may use such Net Proceeds Amount to replace with Qualified Replacement Assets or, solely in the case of any Net Proceeds Amount in respect of any Recovery Event, repair the assets which are the subject of such Recovery Event or Collateral Sale within 365 days after such deposit is made, (ii) all such Net Proceeds Amounts shall be subject to release as provided in Section 6.09(c) or, at the option of the Borrower at any time, may be applied in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.12(c), and (iii) upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the amount of any such deposit may be applied by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.12(c) provided further that any release of any Net Proceeds Amount pursuant to clause (ii) of this Section 2.12(a) shall be conditioned on the Borrower being in compliance with Section 6.09(a) after giving effect thereto (it being understood that the failure to be in compliance with Section 6.09(a) shall not prevent the release of any Net Proceeds Amount in connection with any repair or replacement of assets permitted hereunder so long as no decrease in the Collateral Coverage Ratio will result therefrom). 
 (b) The Borrower shall prepay the Revolving Loans (without any corresponding reduction in Revolving Commitments) when and in an amount necessary to comply with Section 6.09. 
 (c) Amounts required to be applied to the prepayment of Loans pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and (b) shall be applied to prepay the outstanding Revolving Loans (and to provide Cash Collateralization for the outstanding LC Exposure following the repayment of all outstanding Revolving Loans) in an amount necessary to comply with Section 6.09, in each case as directed by the Borrower. Such prepayments of Revolving Loans (and Cash Collateralization of the outstanding LC Exposure) shall not result in a corresponding permanent reduction in the Revolving Commitments. Any Cash Collateralization of outstanding LC Exposure shall be consummated in accordance with Section 2.02(j). The application of any prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall be made, first , to ABR Loans and, second , to Eurodollar SOFR Loans. 
 (d) If at any time the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit for any reason exceed the Total Revolving Commitment at such time, the Borrower shall prepay Revolving Loans on a pro rata basis in an amount sufficient to eliminate such excess. If, after giving effect to the prepayment of all outstanding Revolving Loans, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit 
 53 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

exceed the Total Revolving Commitment then in effect, the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit to the extent of such excess. 
 (e) Upon the Revolving Facility Termination Date applicable to any Revolving Commitment, such Revolving Commitment shall be terminated in full and the Borrower shall repay the applicable Revolving Loans in full and, except as the Administrative Agent may otherwise agree in writing, if any Letter of Credit remains outstanding, comply with Section 2.02(j) in accordance therewith. 
 (f) All prepayments under this Section 2.12 shall be accompanied by accrued but unpaid interest on the principal amount being prepaid to (but not including) the date of prepayment, plus any accrued and unpaid Fees and any losses, costs and expenses, as more fully described in Section 2.15 hereof. 
 (g) Unless otherwise prepaid in accordance with Section 2.12 or 2.13 hereof, and subject to the next sentence, upon the occurrence of a Downgrade Event, each Lender shall have the right to require the Borrower to prepay pursuant to clause (iii) below all or part of such Lender s Loans at a prepayment price equal to 100 of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of prepayment, to discharge all or part of such Lender s LC Exposure (if any) and to terminate all or part of such Lender s unused Revolving Commitment in accordance with this Section 2.12. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer in connection with the occurrence of a Downgrade Event if, upon direction of the Borrower, a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in this Section 2.12(g) applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Borrower and purchases all Loans validly surrendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer and the Borrower otherwise complies with this Section 2.12(g). 
 (i) Within 30 days following the occurrence of any Downgrade Event, the Borrower shall provide a written notice to the Administrative Agent and each Lender containing the following information (such notice, a Change of Control Offer 
 (A) that a Downgrade Event has occurred and that such Lender has the right to require Borrower to repay such Lender s Loans at a prepayment price in cash equal to 100 of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase, to discharge its LC Exposure by Cash Collateralizing such LC Exposure and to terminate such Lender s unused Revolving Commitment 
 (B) the date of prepayment, LC Exposure discharge and unused Revolving Commitment termination (the Prepayment Date (which shall be no earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed) and 
 (C) a statement that any Lender wishing to have its Loans repaid, LC Exposure discharged and unused Revolving Commitment terminated pursuant to such Change of Control Offer must comply with Section 2.12(g)(ii). 
 A Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control, and conditioned upon such Change of Control occurring, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control at the time of making the Change of Control Offer. 
 (ii) In order to accept any Change of Control Offer, a Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing at its address for notices contained in this Agreement 
 54 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

prior to 12 00 noon, New York time, on the Business Day next preceding the Prepayment Date with respect to such Change of Control Offer (the Election Time of such Lender s election to require the Borrower to prepay all or a specified portion of such Lender s Loans, to discharge all or a specified portion of such Lender s LC Exposure and to terminate all or a specified portion of such Lender s unused Revolving Commitment pursuant to such Change of Control Offer (which, in the case of any election to require less than all of such Lender s Loans to be prepaid, less than all of such Lender s LC Exposure to be discharged and less than all such Lender s unused Revolving Commitment to be terminated in such Change of Control Offer, shall be, taken together, in a minimum principal amount of 5,000,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof) and the principal amount of such Lender s Loans to be prepaid, the amount of such Lender s LC Exposure to be discharged and the amount of such Lender s unused Revolving Commitment to be terminated each shall be in the same proportion of such Lender s total Loans, total LC Exposure and total unused Revolving Commitment, respectively), and shall specify the amount of such Lender s Loans which such Lender requests be prepaid, amount of such Lender s LC Exposure which such Lender requests be discharged and amount of unused Revolving Commitment to be terminated in such Change of Control Offer. In order to validly withdraw any election with respect to any Put Exposure in any Change of Control Offer, the Lender holding such Put Exposure shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing at its address for notices contained in this Agreement prior to the Election Time of such Lender s election to withdraw such Put Exposure from such Change of Control Offer, which notification shall include a copy of such Lender s previous notification electing to have its Put Exposure prepaid, discharged or terminated in such Change of Control Offer and shall state that such election is withdrawn. All such prepayments of such Lender s Loans and discharge of such Lender s LC Exposure shall automatically result in a corresponding permanent reduction in such Lender s Revolving Commitments. The Administrative Agent shall from time to time, upon request by the Borrower, advise the Borrower of the amount of Put Exposure with respect to any Change of Control Offer. 
 (iii) If as of the Election Time there is any Put Exposure as to which the election to accept the Change of Control Offer has not been withdrawn pursuant to Section 2.12(g)(ii), prior to 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on the Prepayment Date the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent the aggregate amount payable with respect to such Put Exposure pursuant to Section 2.12(g)(i)(A). The Administrative Agent shall apply such funds to repay the Loans included in such Put Exposure and to Cash-Collateralize the LC Exposure included in the Put Exposure. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall recalculate the Revolving Commitment Percentage of each Lender after giving effect to such Change of Control Offer and give written notice thereof to the Borrower and each Lender. 
 Section 2.13. Optional Prepayment of Loans. 
 (a) The Borrower shall have the right, at any time and from time to time, to prepay any Loans, in whole or in part, (i) with respect to Eurodollar SOFR Loans, upon (A) telephonic notice (followed promptly by written or facsimile notice) or (B) written or facsimile notice, in any case received by 1 00 p.m., New York City time, three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed date of prepayment and (ii) with respect to ABR Loans, upon written or facsimile notice received by 1 00 p.m., New York City time, one Business Day prior to the proposed date of prepayment provided that ABR Loans may be prepaid on the same day notice is given if such notice is received by the Administrative Agent by 12 00 noon, New York City time provided further , however, that (A) each such partial prepayment shall be in an amount not less than 1,000,000 and in integral multiples of 1,000,000 in the case of Eurodollar SOFR Loans and integral multiples of 100,000 in the case of ABR Loans, (B) no prepayment of Eurodollar SOFR 
 55 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Loans shall be permitted pursuant to this Section 2.13(a) other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto unless such prepayment is accompanied by the payment of the amounts described in Section 2.15, and (C) no partial prepayment of a Eurodollar SOFR Tranche shall result in the aggregate principal amount of the Eurodollar SOFR Loans remaining outstanding pursuant to such Eurodollar SOFR Tranche being less than 1,000,000. 
 (b) Any prepayments under Section 2.13(a) shall be applied to repay the outstanding Revolving Loans of the Revolving Lenders (without any reduction in the Total Revolving Commitment) as the Borrower shall specify until all Revolving Loans shall have been paid in full (plus any accrued but unpaid interest and fees thereon). All prepayments under Section 2.13(a) shall be accompanied by accrued but unpaid interest on the principal amount being prepaid to (but not including) the date of prepayment, plus any Fees and any losses, costs and expenses, as more fully described in Section 2.15 hereof. 
 (c) Each notice of prepayment shall specify the prepayment date, the principal amount of the Loans to be prepaid and, in the case of Eurodollar SOFR Loans, the Borrowing or Borrowings pursuant to which made, shall be irrevocable and shall commit the Borrower to prepay such Loan by the amount and on the date stated therein provided that the Borrower may revoke any notice of prepayment under this Section 2.13 if such prepayment would have resulted from a refinancing of any or all of the Obligations hereunder, which refinancing shall not be consummated or shall otherwise be delayed. The Administrative Agent shall, promptly after receiving notice from the Borrower hereunder, notify each Lender of the principal amount of the Loans held by such Lender which are to be prepaid, the prepayment date and the manner of application of the prepayment. 
 Section 2.14. Increased Costs. 
 (a) If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or Issuing Lender (except any such reserve requirement subject to Section 2.14(c)) or 
 (ii) impose on any Lender or Issuing Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit issued hereunder 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining any Eurodollar SOFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Issuing Lender of issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or Issuing Lender hereunder with respect to any Eurodollar SOFR Loan or Letter of Credit (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then, upon the request of such Lender or Issuing Lender, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Lender, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) If any Lender or Issuing Lender reasonably determines in good faith that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or Issuing Lender or such Lender s or Issuing Lender s holding company regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or Issuing Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or Issuing Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Eurodollar SOFR Loans made by such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing 
 56 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuing Lender or such Lender s or Issuing Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or Issuing Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s or Issuing Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts, in each case as documented by such Lender or Issuing Lender to the Borrower as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Lender or such Lender s or Issuing Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered it being understood that to the extent duplicative of the provisions in Section 2.16, this Section 2.14(b) shall not apply to Taxes. 
 (c) Solely to the extent arising from a Change in Law, the Borrower shall pay to each Lender (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurodollar funds or deposits, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error) and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any other central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Eurodollar Loans, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) which in each case shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan, provided the Borrower shall have received at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent, and which notice shall specify the Statutory Reserve Rate, if any, applicable to such Lender) of such additional interest or cost from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give written notice fifteen (15) days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest or cost shall be due and payable fifteen (15) days from receipt of such notice. 
 (c) Reserved . 
 (d) A certificate of a Lender or Issuing Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.14 and the basis for calculating such amount or amounts shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be prima facie evidence of the amount due. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or Issuing Lender, as the case may be, the amount due within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such certificate. 
 (e) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or Issuing Lender s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuing Lender pursuant to this Section 2.14 for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or Issuing Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. The protection of this Section 2.14 shall be available to each Lender regardless of any possible contention as to the invalidity or inapplicability of the law, rule, regulation, guideline or other change or condition which shall have occurred or been imposed. 
 57 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(f) The Borrower shall not be required to make payments under this Section 2.14 to any Lender or Issuing Lender if (A) a claim hereunder arises solely through circumstances peculiar to such Lender or Issuing Lender and which do not affect commercial banks in the jurisdiction of organization of such Lender or Issuing Lender generally, (B) the claim arises out of a voluntary relocation by such Lender or Issuing Lender of its applicable Lending Office (it being understood that any such relocation effected pursuant to Section 2.18 is not voluntary ), or (C) such Lender or Issuing Lender is not seeking similar compensation for such costs to which it is entitled from its borrowers generally in commercial loans of a similar size. 
 (g) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, regulations, requests, rules, guidelines or directives implemented after the Closing Date pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act shall be deemed to be a Change in Law provided however , that any determination by a Lender or Issuing Lender of amounts owed pursuant to this Section 2.14 to such Lender or Issuing Lender due to any such Change in Law shall be made in good faith in a manner generally consistent with such Lender s or Issuing Lender s standard practice. 
 Section 2.15. Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Eurodollar SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default), (b) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Eurodollar SOFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto, or (c) the assignment (or reallocation) of any Eurodollar SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18, 2.27(d) or 10.08(d), then, in any such event, at the request of such Lender, the Borrower shall compensate such Lender for the loss, cost and expense sustained by such Lender attributable to such event. Such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount reasonably determined in good faith by such Lender or Issuing Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the applicable rate of interest for such Loan (excluding, however the Applicable Margin included therein, if any), for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or , in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such Lender) which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurodollar market. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts (and the basis for requesting such amount or amounts) that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.15 shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be prima facie evidence of the amount due. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount due within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such certificate. 
 Section 2.16. Taxes. 
 (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any Obligation of the Borrower or any Guarantor hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes provided that if any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes are required to be withheld from any amounts payable to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Lender, as determined in good faith by the applicable Withholding Agent, then (i) the sum payable by the Borrower or applicable Guarantor shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including deductions for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.16), the Administrative Agent, Lender, Issuing Lender or any other recipient of such payments (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the 
 58 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

applicable Withholding Agent shall make such deductions and (iii) the applicable Withholding Agent shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 
 (b) In addition, the Borrower or any Guarantor, as applicable, shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 
 (c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Lender, within ten (10) days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by or on behalf of or withheld or deducted from payments owing to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Lender, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any Guarantor hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.16) and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or Issuing Lender, or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or Issuing Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment to the extent available, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) Each Lender shall, within ten (10) days after written demand therefor, indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent the Administrative Agent has not been reimbursed by the Borrower) for the full amount of any Taxes imposed by any Governmental Authority that are attributable to such Lender and that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent, together with all interest, penalties, reasonable costs and expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (f) Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law and as reasonably requested by the Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or requested by the Borrower as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate provided that a Foreign Lender shall not be required to deliver any documentation pursuant to this Section 2.16(f) that such Foreign Lender is not legally able to deliver. 
 (g) (1) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter when the previously delivered certificates and or forms expire, or upon request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) whichever of the following is applicable 
 59 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(i) two (2) duly executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E, claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States of America is a party, 
 (ii) two (2) duly executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, 
 (iii) two (2) duly executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY, together with applicable attachments, 
 (iv) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, (C) a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code or (D) conducting a trade or business in the United States with which the relevant interest payments are effectively connected and (y) two (2) duly executed originals of the Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E, or 
 (v) any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States federal withholding tax and reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to permit the Borrower to determine the withholding or required deduction to be made. 
 A Foreign Lender shall not be required to deliver any form or statement pursuant to this Section 2.16(g) that such Foreign Lender is not legally able to deliver. 
 (2) Any Lender that is a United States Person (as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter when the previously delivered certificates and or forms expire, or upon request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two (2) copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor form), properly completed and duly executed by such Lender, certifying that such Lender is entitled to an exemption from United States backup withholding tax. 
 (3) If a payment made to a Lender under this Agreement or any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has or has not complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. 
 (h) If the Administrative Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes from the Governmental Authority to which such Taxes or Other Taxes were paid and as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or a Guarantor or with respect to which the Borrower or a Guarantor has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.16, it shall pay over such refund to the Borrower or such Guarantor (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower 
 60 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

or such Guarantor under this Section 2.16 with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such Lender incurred in obtaining such refund (including Taxes imposed with respect to such refund) and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund) provided that the Borrower or such Guarantor, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower or such Guarantor (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph (h) if, and then only to the extent, the payment of such amount would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Administrative Agent or such Lender would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This Section shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes which it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
 Section 2.17. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment. 
 (a) The Borrower shall make each payment or prepayment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.14 or 2.15, or otherwise) prior to 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, pursuant to wire instructions to be provided by the Administrative Agent, except payments to be made directly to an Issuing Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.14, 2.15 and 10.04 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in U.S. Dollars. 
 (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all Obligations then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first , towards payment of Fees and expenses then due under Sections 2.19 and 10.04 payable to each Agent, (ii) second , towards payment of Fees and expenses then due under Sections 2.20, 2.21 and 10.04 payable to the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders and towards payment of interest then due on account of the Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of such Fees and expenses and interest then due to such parties, (iii) third , towards payment of (A) principal of the Revolving Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, and (B) any Designated Hedging Obligations then due, to the extent such Designated Hedging Obligations constitute Obligations hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements and Designated Hedging Obligations constituting Obligations then due to such parties and (iv) fourth , towards payment of any Designated Banking Product Obligations then due, to the extent such Designated Banking Product Obligations constitute Obligations hereunder. Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Guarantor shall not be paid with amounts received from such Guarantor or its 
 61 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

assets, but appropriate adjustment shall be made with respect to payments from the Borrower or other Guarantors to preserve the allocations to Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section 2.17(b). 
 (c) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the applicable Issuing Lender, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the applicable Issuing Lender, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 (d) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(a), 2.04(b), 8.04 or 10.04(d), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 
 Section 2.18. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders. 
 (a) If the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender under Section 2.14 or to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder, to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, to file any certificate or document reasonably requested by the Borrower or to take other reasonable measures, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation, assignment, filing or other measures (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.14 or 2.16, as the case may be, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. Nothing in this Section 2.18 shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the rights of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.14 or 2.16. 
 (b) If, after the Closing Date, any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.14 or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16, or any Lender gives notice that it is the subject of an Illegality Event pursuant to Section 2.29, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, (i) terminate such Lender s Revolving Commitment, prepay such Lender s outstanding Loans and provide Cash Collateralization for such Lender s LC Exposure or (ii) require such Lender to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 10.02), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), in any case as of a Business Day specified in such notice from the Borrower provided that (i) such terminated or assigning Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts due, owing and payable to it hereunder at the 
 62 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

time of such termination or assignment, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees in the case of an assignment) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (ii) in the case of an assignment due to payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.16, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. 
 Section 2.19. Certain Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent the fees set forth in that certain Administrative Agent Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, in each case at the times set forth therein. 
 Section 2.20. Commitment Fee and Upfront Fee. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the accounts of the Revolving Lenders a commitment fee (the Commitment Fee for the period commencing on the Closing Date to the Revolving Facility Termination Date with respect to the applicable Revolving Commitments or the earlier date of termination of the applicable Revolving Commitment, computed (on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a year of 360 days) at the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily Unused Total Revolving Commitment. Such Commitment Fee, to the extent then accrued, shall be payable quarterly in arrears (a) on the 15th Business Day following the end of each March, June, September and December, (b) on the Revolving Facility Termination Date with respect to the applicable Revolving Commitments, and (c) as provided in Section 2.11 hereof, upon any reduction or termination in whole or in part of the Total Revolving Commitment. 
 (b) The Borrower shall pay on the Closing Date to each Lender as of such date, an upfront fee in an amount as set forth in a separate fee letter entered into by the Borrower with such Lender on or prior to the Closing Date. 
 Section 2.21. Letter of Credit Fees. The Borrower shall pay with respect to each Letter of Credit (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Lender a fee calculated (on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a year of 360 days) at the per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin then in effect with respect to Eurodollar SOFR Loans under the Revolving Facility on the daily average LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) with respect to such Letter of Credit and (ii) to each Issuing Lender (with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by it), such Issuing Lender s customary and reasonable fees as may be agreed by the Issuing Lender and the Borrower for issuance, amendments and processing referred to in Section 2.02. In addition, the Borrower agrees to pay each Issuing Lender for its account a fronting fee of 0.125 per annum, up to a maximum amount of 1,000 per annum per Letter of Credit, in respect of each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Lender, for the period from and including the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to and including the date of termination of such Letter of Credit. Accrued fees described in this paragraph in respect of each Letter of Credit shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the 15th Business Day following the end of each March, June, September and December and on the Revolving Facility Termination Date with respect to the applicable Revolving Commitments. So long as no Event of Default has occurred, fees accruing on any Letter of Credit outstanding after the applicable Revolving Facility Termination Date shall be payable quarterly in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence and on the date of expiration or termination of any such Letter of Credit. 
 Section 2.22. Nature of Fees. All Fees shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent, as provided herein and in the fee letters described in Section 2.19. Once paid, none of the Fees shall be refundable under any circumstances. 
 Section 2.23. Right of Set-Off. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(b), each Agent, and each Lender (and their respective banking Affiliates) are hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent 
 63 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final but excluding deposits in the Escrow Accounts, Payroll Accounts and other accounts, in each case, held in trust for an identified beneficiary) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Agent and each such Lender (or any of such banking Affiliates) to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any Guarantor against any and all of any such overdue amounts owing under the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall have made any demand under any Loan Document provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender exercises any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off will be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.26(d) and, pending such payment, will be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lenders and the Revolving Lenders and (y) the Defaulting Lender will provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such set-off and application made by such Lender (or any of such banking Affiliates) and the Administrative Agent agrees promptly to notify the Borrower after any such set-off and application made by it (or any of its banking Affiliates), as the case may be, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of each Lender and each Agent under this Section 2.23 are in addition to other rights and remedies which such Lender and such Agent may have upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default. 
 Section 2.24. Security Interest in Letter of Credit Account. The Borrower hereby pledges to the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties, and hereby grants to the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties, a first priority security interest, senior to all other Liens, if any, in all of the Borrower s right, title and interest in and to the Letter of Credit Account, any direct investment of the funds contained therein and any proceeds thereof. Cash held in the Letter of Credit Account shall not be available for use by the Borrower, and shall be released to the Borrower only as described in Section 2.02(j). 
 Section 2.25. Payment of Obligations. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.01, upon the maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) of any of the Obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents of the Borrower, the Lenders shall be entitled to immediate payment of such Obligations. 
 Section 2.26. Defaulting Lenders. 
 (a) If at any time any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, on ten (10) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent and such Lender, replace such Lender by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated to) assign pursuant to Section 10.02(b) (with the assignment fee to be waived in such instance and subject to any consents required by such Section) all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more assignees provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to the Borrower to find a replacement Lender or other such Person. 
 (b) Any Lender being replaced pursuant to Section 2.26(a) shall (i) execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such Lender s outstanding Commitments and Loans, and (ii) deliver any documentation evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent. Pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, (A) the assignee Lender shall acquire all or a portion, as specified by the Borrower and such assignee, of the assigning Lender s outstanding Commitments and Loans, (B) all obligations of the Borrower owing to the assigning Lender relating to the Commitments and Loans so assigned shall be paid in full by the 
 64 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

assignee Lender to such assigning Lender concurrently with such Assignment and Acceptance (including, without limitation, any amounts owed under Section 2.15 due to such replacement occurring on a day other than the last day of an Interest Period), and (C) upon such payment and, if so requested by the assignee Lender, delivery to the assignee Lender of the appropriate documentation executed by the Borrower in connection with previous Borrowings, the assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder and the assigning Lender shall cease to constitute a Lender hereunder with respect to such assigned Commitments and Loans, except with respect to indemnification provisions under this Agreement, which shall survive as to such assigning Lender provided that an assignment contemplated by this Section 2.26(b) shall become effective notwithstanding the failure by the Lender being replaced to deliver the Assignment and Acceptance contemplated by this Section 2.26(b), so long as the other actions specified in this Section 2.26(b) shall have been taken. 
 (c) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if a Revolving Lender becomes, and during the period it remains, a Defaulting Lender, during such period, such Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to any fees accruing during such period pursuant to Section 2.20 (without prejudice to the rights of the Non-Defaulting Lenders in respect of such fees). 
 (d) Any amount paid by the Borrower or otherwise received by the Administrative Agent for the account of a Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees, indemnity payments or other amounts) will not be paid or distributed to such Defaulting Lender, but shall instead be retained by the Administrative Agent in a segregated account until (subject to Section 2.26(f)) the termination of the Revolving Commitments and payment in full of all obligations of the Borrower hereunder and will be applied by the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to the making of payments from time to time in the following order of priority 
 first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, 
 second , to the payment of the default interest and then current interest due and payable to the Revolving Lenders which are Non-Defaulting Lenders hereunder, ratably among them in accordance with the amounts of such interest then due and payable to them, 
 third , to the payment of fees then due and payable to the Non-Defaulting Lenders hereunder, ratably among them in accordance with the amounts of such fees then due and payable to them, 
 fourth , to the ratable payment of other amounts then due and payable to the Non-Defaulting Lenders, and 
 fifth , after the termination of the Revolving Commitments and payment in full of all obligations of the Borrower hereunder, to pay amounts owing under this Agreement to such Defaulting Lender or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. 
 (e) The Borrower may terminate the unused amount of the Commitment of any Lender that is a Defaulting Lender upon not less than ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Revolving Lenders thereof), and in such event the provisions of Section 2.26(d) will apply to all amounts thereafter paid by the Borrower for the account of such Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees, indemnity or other amounts), provided that (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) such termination shall not be deemed to be a waiver or 
 65 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

release of any claim the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, or any Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender. 
 (f) If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in writing that a Revolving Lender that is a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the Revolving Lenders, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, such Revolving Lender shall purchase at par such portions of outstanding Revolving Loans of the other Revolving Lenders, and or make such other adjustments, as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Revolving Lenders to hold Revolving Loans on a pro rata basis in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments, whereupon such Revolving Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender and will be a Non-Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments shall be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued while such Revolving Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Non-Defaulting Lender shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Revolving Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (x) any Lender that is an Issuing Lender hereunder may not be replaced in its capacity as an Issuing Lender at any time that it has a Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Lender have been made with respect to such outstanding Letters of Credit and (y) the Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 8.05. 
 Section 2.27. Increase in Commitment. 
 (a) Borrowing Request . The Borrower may by written notice to the Administrative Agent request, prior to the then latest Revolving Facility Maturity Date, an increase to the existing Revolving Commitments provided that after giving effect to such increase, the Total Revolving Commitments shall not exceed 350,000,000. Such notice shall specify (i) the date (each, an Increase Effective Date on which the Borrower proposes that the increased Commitments shall be effective, which shall be a date not less than 10 Business Days after the date on which such notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the identity of each Eligible Assignee to whom the Borrower proposes any portion of such increased Commitments be allocated (each, a New Lender and the amounts of such allocations provided that any existing Lender approached to provide all or a portion of the increased Commitments may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide such increased Commitment. 
 (b) Conditions . The increased Commitments shall become effective, as of such Increase Effective Date provided that 
 (i) each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 shall be satisfied on or prior to such Increase Effective Date 
 (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from giving effect to the increased Commitments on such Increase Effective Date 
 (iii) after giving pro forma effect to the increased Commitments to be made on such Increase Effective Date, the Borrower shall be in pro forma compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 6.09(a) and 
 66 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(iv) the Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered any legal opinions or other documents reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with any such transaction. 
 (c) Terms of Revolving Loans and Commitments . The terms and provisions of Revolving Loans made pursuant to the increased Commitments shall be identical to the Revolving Loans. The increased Commitments shall be effected by a joinder agreement (the Increase Joinder executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender making such increased Commitment, in form and substance satisfactory to each of them. The Increase Joinder may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.27. In addition, unless otherwise specifically provided herein, all references in the Loan Documents to Revolving Loans shall be deemed, unless the context otherwise requires, to include references to Revolving Loans made pursuant to any increased Revolving Commitments made pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (d) Adjustment of Revolving Loans . Each of the existing Revolving Lenders shall assign to each of the applicable New Lenders, and each of the New Lenders shall purchase from each of the existing Revolving Lenders, at the principal amount thereof (together with accrued interest), such interests in the Revolving Loans outstanding on such Increase Effective Date as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases, such Revolving Loans will be held by the existing Lenders and New Lenders ratably in accordance with their Revolving Commitments after giving effect to the increased Revolving Commitments on such Increase Effective Date provided that no such reallocation shall result in any Issuing Lender having Revolving Extensions of Credit greater than its Revolving Commitment. If there is a new Borrowing of Revolving Loans on such Increase Effective Date, the Revolving Lenders after giving effect to such Increase Effective Date shall make such Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.01(a). Any amounts owed under Section 2.15 due to a reallocation of Eurodollar SOFR Loans pursuant to this Section 2.27(d) occurring on a day other than the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto shall be payable by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.15. 
 (e) Equal and Ratable Benefit . The Revolving Loans and Commitments established pursuant to this paragraph shall constitute Revolving Loans and Commitments under, and shall be entitled to all the benefits afforded by, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and shall, without limiting the foregoing, benefit equally and ratably from the security interests created by the Collateral Documents. 
 Section 2.28. Extension of the Revolving Facility. 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer made from time to time by the Borrower to all Lenders holding Revolving Commitments with a like maturity date, on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate Revolving Commitments with a like maturity date) and on the same terms to each such Lender, the Borrower is hereby permitted to consummate from time to time transactions with individual Lenders that accept the terms contained in such Extension Offers to extend the maturity date of each such Lender s Revolving Commitments and otherwise modify the terms of such Revolving Commitments pursuant to the terms of the relevant Extension Offer (including, without limitation, by the changing interest rate or fees payable in respect of such Revolving Commitments (and related outstandings)) (each, an Extension , and each group of Revolving Commitments, as so extended, as well as the original Revolving Commitments not so extended, being a tranche , and any Extended Revolving Commitments shall constitute a separate tranche of Revolving Commitments from the tranche of Revolving Commitments from which they were converted), so long as the following terms are satisfied 
 67 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time the offering document in respect of an Extension Offer is delivered to the Lenders (the Extension Offer Date ), 
 (ii) except as to interest rates, fees and final maturity (which shall be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer), the Revolving Commitment of any Revolving Lender that agrees to an Extension with respect to such Revolving Commitment extended pursuant to an Extension (an Extended Revolving Commitment ), and the related outstandings, shall be a Revolving Commitment (or related outstandings, as the case may be) with the same terms as the original Revolving Commitments (and related outstandings) provided that (1) the borrowing and repayment (except for (A) payments of interest and fees at different rates on Extended Revolving Commitments (and related outstandings), (B) repayments required upon the maturity date of the non-extending Revolving Commitments and (C) repayment made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of commitments) of Loans with respect to Extended Revolving Commitments after the applicable Extension date shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other Revolving Commitments, (2) the permanent repayment of Revolving Loans with respect to, and termination of, Extended Revolving Commitments after the applicable Extension date shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other Revolving Commitments, except that the Borrower shall be permitted to permanently repay and terminate commitments of any such tranche on a better than a pro rata basis as compared to any other tranche with a later maturity date than such tranche, (3) assignments and participations of Extended Revolving Commitments and extended Revolving Loans shall be governed by the same assignment and participation provisions applicable to Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans and (4) at no time shall there be Revolving Commitments hereunder (including Extended Revolving Commitments and any original Revolving Commitments) which have more than five different maturity dates, 
 (iii) if the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Commitments in respect of which Revolving Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Revolving Commitments, as the case may be, offered to be extended by the Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Revolving Loans of such Revolving Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Revolving Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer, 
 (iv) if the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Commitments in respect of which Revolving Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer shall be less than the maximum aggregate principal amount of Revolving Commitments, as the case may be, offered to be extended by the Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Borrower may require each Revolving Lender that does not accept such Extension Offer to assign pursuant to Section 10.02 no later than forty-five (45) days after the Extension Offer Date its pro rata share of the outstanding Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans offered to be extended pursuant to such Extension Offer to one or more assignees which have agreed to such assignment and to extend the applicable Revolving Facility Maturity Date provided that (1) each Revolving Lender that does not respond affirmatively within thirty (30) days of the Extension Offer Date shall be deemed not to have accepted such Extension Offer, (2) each assigning Revolving Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Revolving Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (3) the processing and recordation fee specified in Section 10.02(b) shall be paid by the Borrower or such assignee and (4) the 
 68 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

assigning Revolving Lender shall continue to be entitled to the rights under Section 10.04 for any period prior to the effectiveness of such assignment, 
 (v) all documentation in respect of such Extension shall be consistent with the foregoing, and 
 (vi) any applicable Minimum Extension Condition shall be satisfied unless waived by the Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, no Lender shall be obligated to accept any Extension Offer. 
 (b) With respect to all Extensions consummated by the Borrower pursuant to this Section, (i) such Extensions shall not constitute voluntary or mandatory payments or prepayments for purposes of Section 2.12 or Section 2.13 and (ii) each Extension Offer shall specify the minimum amount of Revolving Commitments to be tendered, which shall be a minimum amount approved by the Administrative Agent (a Minimum Extension Condition ). The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the transactions contemplated by this Section (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Extended Revolving Commitments on such terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections 2.11, 2.12, 2.17 and 8.08) or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any such Extension or any other transaction contemplated by this Section 2.28. 
 (c) The consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required to effectuate any Extension, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. No consent of any Lender shall be required to effectuate any Extension, other than the consent of each Lender agreeing to such Extension with respect to one or more of its Revolving Commitments (or a portion thereof) (or, in the case of an Extension pursuant to clause (iv) of Section 2.28(a), the consent of the assignee agreeing to the assignment of one or more Revolving Commitments and or Revolving Loans). All Extended Revolving Commitments and all obligations in respect thereof shall be Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with all other applicable Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (each, an Extension Amendment with the Borrower as may be necessary in order to establish new tranches or sub-tranches in respect of Revolving Commitments so extended and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new tranches or sub-tranches, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.28. 
 (d) In connection with any Extension, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures (including, without limitation, regarding timing, rounding and other adjustments and to ensure reasonable administrative management of the credit facilities hereunder after such Extension), if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.28. 
 Section 2.29. Illegality. Subject to Section 2.09(b) 2.30 , if any Lender determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain, or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR, the LIBO Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, the LIBO Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any 
 69 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank market (any such occurrence, an Illegality Event ), then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue LIBO Rate SOFR Loans or to convert ABR Loans to LIBO Rate SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that such Illegality Event no longer exists. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all LIBO Rate SOFR Loans of such Lender to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such LIBO Rate SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such LIBO Rate SOFR Loans and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the LIBO SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate , Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR , the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Alternate Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR . Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.15. 
 Section 2.30. Benchmark Replacement Setting . 
 (a) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders . No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.30(a)(i) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will, subject to the consent of the Borrower, have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (c) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative 
 70 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Agent will notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.30(d) and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.30, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.30. 
 (d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (e) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted to ABR Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Section 2.31. Inability to Determine Rates . Subject to Section 2.30, if, on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any SOFR Loan the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. 
 Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert ABR Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) 
 71 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into ABR Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.15. Subject to Section 2.30, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on ABR Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination. 
 SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 In order to induce the Lenders to make Loans and issue Letters of Credit hereunder, the Borrower and each of the Guarantors jointly and severally represent and warrant as follows 
 Section 3.01. Organization and Authority. Each of the Borrower and the Guarantors (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the applicable jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and is duly qualified and in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect and (b) has the requisite corporate or limited liability company power and authority to effect the Transactions, to own or lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as now or currently proposed to be conducted. 
 Section 3.02. Air Carrier Status. The Borrower is an air carrier within the meaning of Section 40102 of Title 49 and holds a certificate under Section 41102 of Title 49. The Borrower holds an air carrier operating certificate issued pursuant to Chapter 447 of Title 49. The Borrower is a citizen of the United States as defined in Section 40102(a)(15) of Title 49 and as that statutory provision has been interpreted by the DOT pursuant to its policies (a United States Citizen ). The Borrower possesses all necessary certificates, franchises, licenses, permits, rights, designations, authorizations, exemptions, concessions, frequencies and consents which relate to the operation of the routes flown by it and the conduct of its business and operations as currently conducted except where failure to so possess would not, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.03. Due Execution. The execution, delivery and performance by each of the Borrower and the Guarantors of each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (a) are within the respective corporate or limited liability company powers of each of the Borrower and the Guarantors, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or limited liability company action, including the consent of shareholders or members where required, and do not (i) contravene the charter, by-laws or limited liability company agreement (or equivalent documentation) of the Borrower or any of the Guarantors, (ii) violate any applicable law (including, without limitation, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) or regulation (including, without limitation, Regulations T, U or X of the Board), or any order or decree of any court or Governmental Authority, other than violations by the Borrower or the Guarantors which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) conflict with or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any material indenture, mortgage or deed of trust or any material lease, agreement or other instrument binding on the Borrower or the Guarantors or any of their properties, which, in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (iv) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the property of the Borrower or any of the other Grantors other than the Liens granted pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and (b) do not require the consent, authorization 
 72 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

by or approval of or notice to or filing or registration with any Governmental Authority or any other Person, other than (i) the filing of financing statements under the UCC, (ii) the filings and consents contemplated by the Collateral Documents, (iii) approvals, consents and exemptions that have been obtained on or prior to the Closing Date and remain in full force and effect, (iv) consents, approvals and exemptions that the failure to obtain in the aggregate would not be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (v) routine reporting obligations. Each Loan Document to which the Borrower or a Guarantor is a party has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and each of the Guarantors party thereto. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower or any of the Guarantors is a party, each is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower and each Guarantor party thereto, enforceable against the Borrower and the Guarantors, as the case may be, in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 Section 3.04. Statements Made. 
 (a) The written information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement (as modified or supplemented by other written information so furnished), together with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2019 of the Borrower filed with the SEC (giving effect to any amendments thereof made prior to the date that this representation and warranty is being made and the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2020) and all Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K that have been filed after December 31, 2019, by the Borrower, with the SEC (giving effect to any amendments thereof made prior to the date that this representation and warranty is being made), taken as a whole as of the Closing Date did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made therein not misleading in light of the circumstances in which such information was provided provided that, with respect to projections, estimates or other forward-looking information the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. 
 (b) The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Borrower most recently filed with the SEC (giving effect to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2020), and each Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Current Report on Form 8-K of the Borrower filed with the SEC subsequently and prior to the date that this representation and warranty is being made, did not as of the date filed with the SEC (giving effect to any amendments thereof made prior to the date that this representation and warranty is being made) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 
 Section 3.05. Financial Statements Material Adverse Change. 
 (a) Except as disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2020, the audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, included in the Borrower s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2019 filed with the SEC, as amended and restated prior to the date that this representation and warranty is being made, present fairly, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of such date and for such period. 
 (b) Except as disclosed in the Borrower s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2019 (giving effect to any amendments thereof made prior to the date that this representation and 
 73 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

warranty is being made) or any subsequent report filed by the Borrower on Form 10-Q or Form 8-K with the SEC, since March 18, 2020, there has been no Material Adverse Change. 
 Section 3.06. Ownership of Subsidiaries. As of the Closing Date, other than as set forth on Schedule 3.06, (a) each of the Persons listed on Schedule 3.06 is a wholly-owned, direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower, and (b) the Borrower owns no other Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries), whether directly or indirectly. 
 Section 3.07. Liens. There are no Liens of any nature whatsoever on any Collateral other than Permitted Liens. 
 Section 3.08. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans, and the Letters of Credit, shall be used for working capital or other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including the repayment of indebtedness and the payment of fees and transaction costs as contemplated hereby and as referred to in Sections 2.19 and 2.20). 
 Section 3.09. Litigation and Compliance with Laws. 
 (a) Except as disclosed in the Borrower s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2019 or any subsequent report filed by the Borrower on Form 10-Q or Form 8-K with the SEC since December 31, 2019, there are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower or the Guarantors, threatened against the Borrower or the Guarantors or any of their respective properties (including any properties or assets that constitute Collateral under the terms of the Loan Documents), before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that (i) are likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) would reasonably be expected to affect the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of the Loan Documents or, in any material respect, the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders thereunder or in connection with the Transactions. 
 (b) Except with respect to any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower and each Guarantor to its knowledge is currently in compliance with all applicable statutes, regulations and orders of, and all applicable restrictions imposed by, all Governmental Authorities, in respect of the conduct of its business and ownership of its property. 
 Section 3.10. FAA Slot Utilization. 
 (a) As of the Closing Date, all of the Pledged Slots held by the Borrower and the other Grantors constituting Collateral are FAA Slots. 
 (b) Except for matters which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower and the other Grantors, as applicable, are utilizing, or causing to be utilized, their respective Pledged Slots (except Pledged Slots which are reasonably determined by the Borrower to be of de minimis value or surplus to the Borrower s needs) in a manner consistent in all material respects with applicable rules, regulations, laws and contracts in order to preserve both their respective right to hold and operate the Pledged Slots, taking into account any waivers or other relief granted to the Borrower or any Guarantor by the FAA, other applicable U.S. Governmental Authorities or U.S. Airport Authorities. Neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor has received any written notice from the FAA, other applicable U.S. Governmental Authorities or U.S. Airport Authorities, or is otherwise aware of any other event or circumstance, that would be reasonably likely to impair in any material respect its respective right to hold and operate any Pledged Slot, except for any such impairment that, either 
 74 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.11. Margin Regulations Investment Company Act. 
 (a) Neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor is engaged, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board, Margin Stock ), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no proceeds of any Loans will be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock in violation of Regulation U. 
 (b) Neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor is, or after the making of the Loans will be, or is required to be, registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Neither the making of any Loan, nor the issuance of any Letters of Credit, nor the application of the proceeds of any Loan or repayment of any Loan or reimbursement of any LC Disbursement by the Borrower, nor the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, will violate any provision of such Act or any rule, regulation or order of the SEC thereunder. 
 Section 3.12. Ownership of Collateral. Each Grantor has good title to the Collateral owned by it, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens. 
 Section 3.13. Perfected Security Interests. The Collateral Documents, taken as a whole, are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in all of the Collateral to the extent purported to be created thereby, subject as to enforceability to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. With respect to the Collateral as of the Closing Date, at such time as (a) financing statements in appropriate form are filed in the appropriate offices (and the appropriate fees are paid) and (b) the execution of the Account Control Agreements, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have a first priority perfected security interest and or mortgage (or comparable Lien) in all of such Collateral to the extent that the Liens on such Collateral may be perfected upon the filings or recordations or upon the taking of the actions described in clauses (a) and (b) above, subject in each case only to Permitted Liens, and such security interest is entitled to the benefits, rights and protections afforded under the Collateral Documents applicable thereto (subject to the qualification set forth in the first sentence of this Section 3.13). 
 Section 3.14. Payment of Taxes. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed by it and has paid or caused to be paid when due all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except and solely to the extent that, in each case (a) such Taxes are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (b) the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.15. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures intended to ensure compliance by Borrower, its Subsidiaries and, when acting in such capacity, their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or to the knowledge of Borrower any of their respective directors or officers is a Sanctioned Person. 
 75 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

SECTION 4. CONDITIONS OF LENDING 
 Section 4.01. Conditions Precedent to Closing Date. This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied (or waived by the Lenders in accordance with Section 10.08 and by the Administrative Agent) 
 (a) Supporting Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received with respect to the Borrower and the Guarantors in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) a certificate of the Secretary of State of the state of such entity s incorporation or formation, dated as of a recent date, as to the good standing of that entity (to the extent available in the applicable jurisdiction) and as to the charter documents on file in the office of such Secretary of State 
 (ii) a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or similar officer), of such entity dated the Closing Date and certifying (A) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the certificate of incorporation or formation and the by-laws or limited liability company or other operating agreement (as the case may be) of that entity as in effect on the date of such certification, (B) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions adopted by the board of directors, board of managers or members of that entity authorizing the Borrowings and Letter of Credit issuances hereunder, the execution, delivery and performance in accordance with their respective terms of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any other documents required or contemplated hereunder or thereunder, and the granting of the security interest in the Letter of Credit Account and other Liens contemplated hereby or the other Loan Documents (in each case to the extent applicable to such entity), (C) that the certificate of incorporation or formation of that entity has not been amended since the date of the last amendment thereto indicated on the certificate of the Secretary of State furnished pursuant to clause (i) above, and (D) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer of that entity executing this Agreement and the Loan Documents or any other document delivered by it in connection herewith or therewith (such certificate to contain a certification by another officer of that entity as to the incumbency and signature of the officer signing the certificate referred to in this clause (ii)) 
 (iii) an Officer s Certificate from the Borrower certifying (A) as to the truth in all material respects of the representations and warranties made by it contained in the Loan Documents as though made on the Closing Date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty relates to a specified date, in which case as of such date provided that any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects as of the applicable date, before and after giving effect to the Transactions) and (B) as to the absence of any event occurring and continuing, or resulting from the Transactions, that constitutes an Event of Default and 
 (iv) an incumbency certificate of the Collateral Agent as to the person or persons authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Collateral Documents, and any other documents to be executed on behalf of the Collateral Agent in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the signatures of such person or persons. 
 (b) Credit Agreement . Each party hereto shall have duly executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent this Agreement. 
 76 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(c) Security Agreement . The Borrower shall have duly executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage. 
 (d) Reserved . 
 (e) Opinions of Counsel . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received 
 (i) a written opinion of Thomas Canfield, General Counsel for the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders 
 (ii) a written opinion of Debevoise & Plimpton LLP, special New York counsel to the Borrower and the Guarantors, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and 
 (iii) a written opinion of Milbank LLP, special New York counsel to the Administrative Agent, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (f) Payment of Fees and Expenses . The Borrower shall have paid to each Agent and the Lenders the then unpaid balance of all accrued and unpaid Fees due, owing and payable under and pursuant to this Agreement, including, as referred to in Sections 2.19 and Section 2.20, and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent (including reasonable attorneys fees of Milbank LLP) for which invoices have been presented at least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date. 
 (g) Reserved . 
 (h) Consents . All material governmental and third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the financing contemplated hereby shall have been obtained, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and be in full force and effect. 
 (i) Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Guarantors contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents executed and delivered on the Closing Date shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty by its terms is made as of a different specified date, in which case as of such specified date) provided that any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects, as though made on and as of the applicable date, after giving effect to the Transactions. 
 (j) No Event of Default . Before and after giving effect to the Transactions, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Closing Date. 
 (k) Patriot Act . The Lenders shall have received at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, that such Lenders shall have requested from the Borrower or a Guarantor prior to such date. 
 77 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

The execution by each Lender of this Agreement shall be deemed to be confirmation by such Lender that any condition relating to such Lender s satisfaction or reasonable satisfaction with any documentation set forth in this Section 4.01 has been satisfied as to such Lender. 
 Section 4.02. Conditions Precedent to Each Loan and Each Letter of Credit. The obligation of the Lenders to make each Loan and of the Issuing Lenders to issue each Letter of Credit, including the initial Loans and the initial Letters of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 10.08) of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) Notice . The Administrative Agent shall have received a Loan Request pursuant to Section 2.03 with respect to such borrowing or a request for issuance of such Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.02, as the case may be. 
 (b) Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (other than, with respect to Loans made or Letters of Credit issued after the Closing Date, the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 3.05(b), 3.06 and 3.09(a)) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit hereunder (both before and after giving effect thereto and, in the case of each Loan, the application of proceeds therefrom) with the same effect as if made on and as of such date except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date and in such case as of such date provided that any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects, as though made on and as of the applicable date, before and after giving effect to such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit hereunder. 
 (c) No Default . On the date of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit hereunder, no Event of Default or material Default shall have occurred and be continuing nor shall any such Event of Default or material Default, as the case may be, occur by reason of the making of the requested Borrowing or the issuance of the requested Letter of Credit and, in the case of each Loan, the application of proceeds thereof. 
 (d) Collateral Coverage Ratio . On the date of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit hereunder (and after giving pro forma effect thereto), the Collateral Coverage Ratio shall not be less than 1.0 to 1.0. 
 (e) No Going Concern Qualification . On the date of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit hereunder, the opinion of the independent public accountants (after giving effect to any reissuance or revision of such opinion) on the most recent audited consolidated financial statements delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.01(a) shall not include a going concern qualification under GAAP as in effect on the date of this Agreement or, if there is a change in the relevant provisions of GAAP thereafter, any like qualification or exception under GAAP after giving effect to such change. 
 (f) Additional Collateral . If Additional Collateral is to be pledged in connection with the making of such Loan and or the issuance of such Letter of Credit in order to cause the Collateral Coverage Ratio to be no less than 1.0 to 1.0 on such date (after giving pro forma effect to such Loan and or Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall have complied with the requirements of Section 5.13(b) with respect to such Additional Collateral. 
 (g) Appraisals . If Additional Collateral is to be pledged in connection with the making of such Loan and or the issuance of such Letter of Credit in order to cause the Collateral Coverage Ratio to be no less than 1.0 to 1.0 on such date (after giving pro forma effect to such Loan and or Letter of Credit), the Administrative Agent shall have received Appraisals with 
 78 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

respect to such Additional Collateral pursuant to Section 5.07, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, demonstrating that the Borrower shall be in compliance on a pro forma basis with Section 6.09(a) on such date. 
 The acceptance by the Borrower of each extension of credit hereunder shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower that the conditions specified in this Section 4.02 have been satisfied at that time. 
 SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 From the Closing Date and for so long as the Commitments remain in effect, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding (in a face amount in excess of the sum of (i) the amount of cash then held in the Letter of Credit Account and (ii) the face amount of back-to-back letters of credit delivered pursuant to Section 2.02(j)), or the principal of or interest on any Loan or reimbursement of any LC Disbursement is owing (or any other amount that is due and unpaid on the first date that none of the foregoing is in effect, outstanding or owing, respectively, is owing) to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder 
 Section 5.01. Financial Statements, Reports, etc. The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders 
 (a) Within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year, the Borrower s consolidated balance sheet and related statement of income and cash flows, showing the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the close of such fiscal year and the results of their respective operations during such year, the consolidated statement of the Borrower to be audited for the Borrower by independent public accountants of recognized national standing and to be accompanied by an opinion of such accountants (without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP provided that the foregoing delivery requirement shall be satisfied if the Borrower shall have filed with the SEC its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such fiscal year, which is available to the public via EDGAR or any similar successor system 
 (b) Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year, the Borrower s consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows, showing the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the close of such fiscal quarter and the results of their operations during such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, each certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes provided that the foregoing delivery requirement shall be satisfied if the Borrower shall have filed with the SEC its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for such fiscal quarter, which is available to the public via EDGAR or any similar successor system 
 (c) Within the time period under Section 5.01(a) above, a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that, to the knowledge of such Responsible Officer, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or, if, to the knowledge of such Responsible Officer, such a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, specifying the nature and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto 
 79 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(d) Within the time period under (a) and (b) of this Section 5.01, a certificate of a Responsible Officer demonstrating in reasonable detail compliance with Sections 6.08 and 6.09(a) as of the end of the preceding fiscal quarter, including an updated calculation of the Collateral Coverage Ratio reflecting the most recent Appraisals (as adjusted for any Dispositions or additions to the Collateral since the date of delivery to the Administrative Agent of such Appraisals) 
 (e) Within 15 days after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtains knowledge that there has been one or more Dispositions of Collateral (excluding those described in clause (b), (d) or (e)(iv) of the definition of Permitted Disposition since the date of the Officer s Certificate demonstrating compliance with Section 6.09(a) most recently delivered under this Agreement by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent consisting of (i) a Pledged Aircraft, (ii) a Pledged Engine or (iii) any other Collateral having an Appraised Value in the aggregate in excess of 10 of the sum of the aggregate Appraised Value of all Collateral plus Pledged Cash and Cash Equivalents, a certificate of a Responsible Officer demonstrating in reasonable detail compliance with Section 6.09(a) 
 (f) Reserved . 
 (g) Promptly after a Responsible Officer obtains knowledge thereof, notice of the failure of any material assumption contained in any Appraisal to be correct, except if such failure would not reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the Appraised Value of the applicable type of Collateral 
 (h) So long as any Commitment, Loan or Letter of Credit is outstanding, within 30 days after the Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer of the Borrower becoming aware of the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default that is continuing, an Officer s Certificate specifying such Default or Event of Default and what action the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are taking or propose to take with respect thereto and 
 (i) Promptly, from time to time, such other information regarding the Collateral and the operations, business affairs and financial condition of either the Borrower or any Guarantor, in each case as the Administrative Agent, at the request of any Lender, may reasonably request (it being understood that, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall provide utilization reports with respect to the Pledged Slots (but no more than once per fiscal quarter)). 
 Subject to the next succeeding sentence, information delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 to the Administrative Agent may be made available by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders by posting such information on the Debtdomain website on the Internet at http www.debtdomain.com. Information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 by the Borrower shall be delivered pursuant to Section 10.01 hereto. Information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 (to the extent not made available as set forth above) shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date on which the Borrower provides written notice to the Administrative Agent that such information has been posted on the Borrower s general commercial website on the Internet (to the extent such information has been posted or is available as described in such notice), as such website may be specified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent from time to time. Information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 shall be in a format which is suitable for transmission. 
 Any notice or other communication delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01, or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, shall be deemed to contain material non-public information unless (i) expressly marked by the Borrower or a Guarantor as PUBLIC , (ii) such 
 80 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

notice or communication consists of copies of the Borrower s public filings with the SEC or (iii) such notice or communication has been posted on a the Borrower s general commercial website on the Internet, as such website may be specified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent from time to time. 
 Section 5.02. Taxes. The Borrower shall pay, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay, all material taxes, assessments, and governmental levies before the same shall become more than 90 days delinquent, other than taxes, assessments and levies (i) being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (ii) the failure to effect such payment of which are not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.03. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. The Borrower and each of the Guarantors covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Agreement and the Borrower and each of the Guarantors (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Administrative Agent, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted. 
 Section 5.04. Corporate Existence. The Borrower shall do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect 
 (1) its corporate existence, and the corporate, partnership or other existence of each of its Subsidiaries, in accordance with the respective organizational documents (as the same may be amended from time to time) of the Borrower or any such Subsidiary and 
 (2) the rights (charter and statutory) and material franchises of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries provided , however, that the Borrower shall not be required to preserve any such right or franchise, or the corporate, partnership or other existence of it or any of its Subsidiaries, if its Board of Directors shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and that the loss thereof would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 5.04 shall not prohibit any actions permitted by Section 6.10 hereof or described in Section 6.10(b). 
 Section 5.05. Compliance with Laws. The Borrower shall comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where such noncompliance, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower will maintain in effect policies and procedures intended to ensure compliance by Borrower, its Subsidiaries and, when acting in such capacity, their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 Section 5.06. Core Collateral. So long as any Loans or Letters of Credit are outstanding (other than such as have been Cash Collateralized or covered by a back-to-back letter of credit in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents), the Borrower shall not permit any Core Collateral Failure to occur. 
 81 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Section 5.07. Delivery of Appraisals. The Borrower shall 
 (1) on a date within 60 days prior to (A) March 15 of each year, beginning in 2021, (B) solely with respect to any Pledged Aircraft, Pledged Engines, Pledged Spare Parts and Pledged Ground Support Equipment, September 15 of each year, beginning with the first such date occurring at least 90 days after any such Collateral is first added to the Collateral and (C) solely with respect to any Pledged Spare Parts and Pledged Ground Support Equipment, June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning with the first such date occurring at least 90 days after any such Collateral is first added to the Collateral 
 (2) on the date upon which any Additional Collateral is pledged as Collateral, but only with respect to such Additional Collateral 
 (3) promptly (but in any event within 45 days) following a request by the Administrative Agent if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and 
 (4) promptly (but in any event within 45 days) following any Disposition or series of related Dispositions of Pledged Slots (other than any Disposition described in clause (d), (e)(ii), (e)(iv) or (f) of the definition of Permitted Disposition comprising more than 15 of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Slots. 
 deliver or cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent one or more Appraisals establishing the Appraised Value of the Collateral provided , however , that 
 (i) the Borrower shall be required to deliver or cause to be delivered only an Appraisal with respect to the (w) Pledged Slots (in the case of clause (4) above), (x) Pledged Aircraft, Pledged Engines, Pledged Spare Parts and Pledged Ground Support Equipment (in the case of clause 1(B) above), (y) Pledged Spare Parts and Pledged Ground Support Equipment (in the case of clause 1(C) above) or (z) the applicable Additional Collateral (in the case of clause (2) above) 
 (ii) in connection with the pledging of any Additional Collateral, any Appraisal with respect to such Additional Collateral that is more than 90 days old as of the date on which such Additional Collateral is pledged hereunder shall not be deemed to satisfy the Appraisal requirement in clause (2) above and 
 (iii) if any new spare Engine is pledged as Collateral and such new spare Engine is of the same make and model as any spare Engine then currently included (or being replaced) in the Collateral (any such Engine make and model, an Existing Engine Type ), an Appraisal with respect to such new spare Engine shall only be required under this Section 5.07 if the Borrower elects to provide such an Appraisal for purposes of determining the Appraised Value of such new spare Engine pursuant to clause (iii) of the proviso of the definition of Appraised Value . 
 The Borrower may from time to time cause subsequent Appraisals to be delivered to the Administrative Agent if it believes that any affected item of Collateral has a higher Appraised Value than that reflected in the most recent Appraisals delivered pursuant to this Section 5.07. 
 Section 5.08. Regulatory Cooperation. In connection with any foreclosure, collection, sale or other enforcement of Liens granted to the Collateral Agent in the Collateral Documents, 
 82 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

the Borrower will, and will cause its Subsidiaries to, reasonably cooperate in good faith with the Collateral Agent or its designee in obtaining all regulatory licenses, consents and other governmental approvals necessary or (in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent or its designee) reasonably advisable to conduct all aviation operations with respect to the Collateral and will, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent and in good faith, continue to operate and manage the Collateral and maintain all applicable regulatory licenses with respect to the Collateral until such time as the Collateral Agent or its designee obtain such licenses, consents and approvals, and at such time the Borrower will, and will cause its Subsidiaries to, cooperate in good faith with the transition of the aviation operations with respect to the Collateral to any new aviation operator (including, without limitation, the Collateral Agent or its designee). 
 Section 5.09. Regulatory Matters Citizenship Utilization Collateral Requirements. 
 (a) The Borrower will 
 (1) maintain at all times its status as an air carrier within the meaning of Section 40102(a)(2) of Title 49, and hold a certificate under Section 41102(a)(1) of Title 49 
 (2) be a United States Citizen 
 (3) maintain at all times its status at the FAA as an air carrier and hold an air carrier operating certificate under Section 44705 of Title 49 and operations specifications issued by the FAA pursuant to Parts 119 and 121 of Title 14 as currently in effect or as may be amended or recodified from time to time 
 (4) possess and maintain all necessary certificates, exemptions, franchises, licenses, permits, designations, rights, concessions, authorizations, frequencies and consents that are material to the operation of the Pledged Slots operated by it, and to the conduct of its business and operations as currently conducted, except to the extent that any failure to possess or maintain would not reasonably be expected to result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect 
 (5) maintain Pledged Gate Leaseholds sufficient to ensure its ability to service the flights using its Pledged Slots, except to the extent that any failure to maintain would not reasonably be expected to result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect 
 (6) utilize its Pledged Slots in a manner consistent with applicable regulations, rules and contracts (including FAA directives, orders and waivers) in order to preserve its right to hold and use its Pledged Slots, except to the extent that any failure to utilize would not reasonably be expected to result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect 
 (7) cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its rights in and to use its Pledged Slots, including, without limitation, satisfying any applicable Use or Lose Rule, except to the extent that any failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect and 
 (8) if Eligible Spare Parts are included in the Collateral at any time, take or cause to be taken such actions to ensure that at all times the Pledged Spare 
 83 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Parts include all Spare Parts and Appliances then owned by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (subject to the provisions of the Spare Parts Security Agreement). 
 (b) Without in any way limiting Section 5.09(a) hereof, the Borrower will promptly take all such steps as may be necessary to maintain, renew and obtain, or obtain the use of, Pledged Gate Leaseholds as needed for its continued and future operations using the Pledged Slots. The Borrower will further take all actions reasonably necessary or advisable in order to have access to its Pledged Gate Leaseholds. The Borrower will pay any applicable filing fees and other expenses related to the submission of applications, renewal requests, and other filings as may be reasonably necessary to have access to its Pledged Gate Leaseholds. 
 Section 5.10. Collateral Ownership. Subject to the provisions described (including the actions permitted) under Sections 6.04 and 6.10 hereof, each Grantor will continue to maintain its interest in and right to use all property and assets so long as such property and assets constitute Collateral, except as provided in Section 5.09. 
 Section 5.11. Insurance. The Borrower shall 
 (1) keep all Collateral (other than the Mortgaged Collateral, as to which only the insurance provisions of the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage shall be applicable, and Pledged Spare Parts, Pledged Ground Support Equipment, and Pledged Real Property Assets, as to which only the insurance provisions of the applicable Collateral Document shall be applicable) that is tangible property insured at all times, against such risks, including risks insured against by extended coverage, as is prudent and customary with U.S.-based companies of the same or similar size in the same or similar businesses 
 (2) maintain in full force and effect public liability insurance against claims for personal injury or death or property damage occurring upon, in, about or in connection with the use of the tangible Collateral (other than the Mortgaged Collateral, as to which only the insurance provisions of the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage shall be applicable, and Pledged Spare Parts, Pledged Ground Support Equipment, and Pledged Real Property Assets, as to which only the insurance provisions of the applicable Collateral Document shall be applicable) owned, occupied or controlled by the Borrower, in such amounts and with such deductibles as are prudent and customary with U.S.-based companies of the same or similar size in the same or similar businesses and in the same geographic area and 
 (3) maintain such other insurance or self-insurance as may be required by law, except where such noncompliance would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.12. Real Property Assets. In connection with the pledge of any Real Property Assets, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent shall have received the following upon the date such Real Property Assets are pledged (unless waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) 
 (a) a Real Property Mortgage encumbering each Real Property Asset in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, duly executed and acknowledged by the Borrower or Subsidiary that is the owner of or holder of any interest in such Real Property Asset, and otherwise in form for recording in the recording office of each applicable political subdivision where each such Real Property Asset is situated, together with such certificates, affidavits, questionnaires or returns as shall be reasonably and customarily required by the Title 
 84 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Company in connection with the recording or filing thereof to create a lien under applicable requirements of law, and such financing statements and any other instruments necessary to grant a mortgage lien under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction, all of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent provided , however , that Borrower shall only be obligated to execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Collateral Agent any relevant Real Property Mortgage and shall not be responsible for recording such Real Property Mortgage in the event that the Collateral Agent shall fail to do so after such Real Property Mortgage and any other related deliverables required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent in connection with such filing pursuant to the terms of this Agreement have been executed and delivered 
 (b) with respect to each Real Property Asset, such consents, approvals, amendments, supplements, estoppels (but only to the extent obtained), tenant subordination agreements (unless the applicable tenant s lease provides for automatic subordination) or other instruments as necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or as shall reasonably be deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in order for the owner or holder of the fee or ground leasehold interest constituting such Real Property Asset to grant the Lien contemplated by the Real Property Mortgage with respect to such Real Property Asset and the owner or ground tenant thereof 
 (c) with respect to each Real Property Mortgage, either a bringdown of an existing title policy or a loan policy of title insurance (or marked up title insurance commitment having the effect of a loan policy of title insurance) insuring the Lien of such Real Property Mortgage as a valid first mortgage Lien on the Real Property Asset and fixtures described therein in the amount reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, which policy (or such marked-up commitment) (each, a Title Policy shall (A) be issued by a Title Company, (B) to the extent necessary and available, include such reinsurance arrangements (with provisions for direct access, if necessary) as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, (C) contain a tie-in or cluster endorsement, if available under applicable law (i.e., policies which insure against losses regardless of location or allocated value of the insured property up to a stated maximum coverage amount), (D) have been supplemented by such endorsements (if available in the applicable jurisdiction of the Real Property Asset) as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (including endorsements on matters relating to usury, first loss, zoning, contiguity, revolving credit, doing business, non-imputation, public road access, survey, variable rate, environmental lien, subdivision, mortgage recording tax, separate tax lot, and so-called comprehensive coverage over covenants and restrictions) provided that to the extent that any such endorsement(s) or other documentation cannot be issued or is not available due to the state or condition of the Real Property Asset, and such state or condition existed on the date of the pledge of such Real Property Asset and such state or condition does not materially and adversely affect the use or the value of such Real Property Asset for the business of the Borrower and its Affiliates, the Borrower shall have no obligation to procure such endorsement or other documentation, and (E) contain no exceptions to title other than Permitted Liens and other exceptions reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent or a datedown endorsement on the existing Title Policy for each existing Real Property Mortgage 
 (d) with respect to each Real Property Asset, such affidavits, certificates, information and instruments of indemnification (including a so-called gap indemnification) as shall be reasonably and customarily required to induce the Title Company to issue the title policy ies and endorsements contemplated above 
 (e) evidence reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent of payment by the Borrower of all title policy premiums, search and examination charges, escrow charges and related charges, mortgage recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses 
 85 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

required for the recording of the Real Property Mortgages and issuance of the title policies referred to above 
 (f) with respect to each Real Property Asset, copies of all leases in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary holds the lessor's interest or other agreements relating to possessory interests if any. To the extent any of the foregoing leases affect any Real Property Asset, such leases shall (x) be subordinate to the Lien of the Real Property Mortgage to be recorded against such Real Property Asset, either expressly by its terms or pursuant to a subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, with respect to which the Borrower or its applicable Subsidiary shall have used its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and (y) shall otherwise be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, provided that, if the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, respectively, fails to notify the Borrower of rejection of the lease within 10 Business Days from receipt of the lease, the lease shall be deemed to have been reasonably accepted by the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent 
 (g) Surveys with respect to each Real Property Asset (or survey updates to the extent sufficient to obtain survey coverage under the title policy) provided that, if the Borrower is able to obtain a no change affidavit reasonably acceptable to the Title Company to enable it to issue a Title Policy removing all exceptions which would otherwise have been raised by the Title Company as a result of the absence of a new Survey for such Real Property Asset, and issuing all available survey related endorsements and coverages, then a new Survey shall not be requested 
 (h) a completed Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination with respect to each Real Property Asset and 
 (i) a local law enforceability opinion of counsel in the jurisdiction where each Real Property Asset is located relating to such Real Property Asset described above, which opinion of counsel shall be in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent provided, however, that Clark Hill PLC is hereby approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 5.13. Additional Guarantors Grantors Collateral. 
 (a) If the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries acquires or creates another Domestic Subsidiary after the Closing Date, then the Borrower will promptly cause such Domestic Subsidiary to become a party to the Guarantee contained in Section 9 hereof by executing an Instrument of Assumption and Joinder substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B provided , that any Domestic Subsidiary that constitutes an Immaterial Subsidiary, a Receivables Subsidiary or an Excluded Subsidiary need not become a Guarantor unless and until 30 Business Days after such time as it ceases to be an Immaterial Subsidiary, a Receivables Subsidiary or an Excluded Subsidiary or such time as it guarantees, or pledges any property or assets to secure, any other Obligations. 
 (b) If the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries desires or is required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement to add Additional Collateral or, if any Subsidiary acquires any existing Collateral from a Grantor that it desires or is required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement to maintain as Collateral, in each case, after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall, in each case at its own expense, (A) cause any such Subsidiary to become a party to the Guarantee contained in Section 9 hereof (to the extent such Subsidiary is not already a party thereto) and cause any such Subsidiary to become a party to each applicable Collateral Document and all other agreements, instruments or documents that create or purport to create and perfect a first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties 
 86 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

applicable to such Collateral, by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent an Instrument of Assumption and Joinder substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B and or joinders to all applicable Collateral Documents or pursuant to new Collateral Documents, as the case may be, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (it being understood that (i) in the case of Collateral consisting of Eligible Aircraft or Eligible Engines, the applicable Collateral Documents shall be the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage, which shall include a pledge of any QEC Kit associated with any such Pledged Engine, (ii) in the case of Collateral consisting of Eligible Spare Parts, the applicable Collateral Documents shall be the Spare Parts Security Agreement, (iii) in the case of Collateral consisting of Slots and Gate Leaseholds, the applicable Collateral Documents shall be the Slot and Gate Security Agreement, (iv) in the case of Collateral consisting of Real Property Assets, such Additional Collateral shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 5.12, and (v) in the case of any other Additional Collateral of a type that has not been theretofore included in the Collateral (other than Aircraft, Engines, Spare Parts and Slots), such Additional Collateral may be subject to such additional terms and conditions as may be customarily required by lenders in similar financings of a similar size for similarly situated borrowers secured by the same type of Collateral, as agreed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in their reasonable discretion), (B) promptly execute and deliver (or cause such Subsidiary to execute and deliver) to the Administrative Agent and or the Collateral Agent such documents and take such actions to create, grant, establish, preserve and perfect the first priority Liens (subject to Permitted Liens) (including to obtain any release or termination of Liens not permitted under the definition of Additional Collateral in Section 1.01 or under Section 6.06 and the filing of UCC financing statements) in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties on such assets of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, to secure the Obligations to the extent required under the applicable Collateral Documents or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, and to ensure that such Collateral shall be subject to no other Liens other than Permitted Liens and (C) if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a written opinion of counsel (which counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) to the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, with respect to the matters described in clauses (A) and (B) hereof, in each case within twenty (20) Business Days after the addition of such Collateral and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 5.14. Access to Books and Records. 
 (a) The Borrower and the Guarantors will make and keep books, records and accounts in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP are made of all financial dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities, including, without limitation, an accurate and fair reflection of the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Borrower and the Guarantors. 
 (b) The Borrower and the Guarantors will permit, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Governmental Authority that is authorized to supervise or regulate the operations of a Lender, as designated by such Lender, upon reasonable prior written notice and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, at no out-of-pocket cost to the Borrower and the Guarantors, to visit the properties of the Borrower and the Guarantors, to examine its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times during normal business hours, not more than once every twelve (12) months unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which case such inspection right shall not be so limited provided that if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower and the Guarantors shall be responsible for the reasonable costs and expenses of any visits of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, acting together (but not separately). 
 87 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Section 5.15. Further Assurances. The Borrower and each Guarantor shall execute any and all further documents and instruments, and take all further actions, that may be required or advisable under applicable law, or by the FAA, or that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, in order to create, grant, establish, preserve, protect and perfect the validity, perfection and priority of the Liens and security interests created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents, to the extent required under this Agreement or the Collateral Documents. 
 SECTION 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 From the Closing Date and for so long as the Commitments remain in effect, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding (in a face amount in excess of the sum of (i) the amount of cash then held in the Letter of Credit Account and (ii) the face amount of back-to-back letters of credit delivered pursuant to Section 2.02(j)) or principal of or interest on any Loan or reimbursement of any LC Disbursement is owing (or any other amount that is due and unpaid on the first date that none of the foregoing is in effect, outstanding or owing, respectively, is owing) to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder 
 Section 6.01. Reserved . 
 Section 6.02. Reserved . 
 Section 6.03. Reserved . 
 Section 6.04. Disposition of Collateral. Neither the Borrower nor any Grantor shall sell or otherwise Dispose of any Collateral (including, without limitation, by way of any Sale of a Grantor) except that such sale or other Disposition shall be permitted (i) in the case of a Permitted Disposition provided that, so long as any Loans or Letters of Credit are outstanding (other than such as have been Cash Collateralized or covered by a back-to-back letter of credit in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents), no Core Collateral Failure results therefrom, or (ii) provided that upon consummation of any such sale or other Disposition (A) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (B) the Collateral Coverage Ratio is no less than 1.0 to 1.0 after giving effect to such sale or other Disposition (including any deposit of any Net Proceeds received upon consummation thereof in the Collateral Proceeds Account subject to an Account Control Agreement and any concurrent pledge of Additional Collateral, if any) and (C) so long as any Loans or Letters of Credit are outstanding (other than such as have been Cash Collateralized or covered by a back-to-back letter of credit in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents), no Core Collateral Failure results from such sale or other Disposition provided that nothing contained in this Section 6.04 is intended to excuse performance by the Borrower or any Guarantor of any requirement of any Collateral Document that would be applicable to a Disposition permitted hereunder. A Disposition of Collateral referred to in clause (d), (e)(iv) or (f) of the definition of Permitted Disposition shall not result in the automatic release of such Collateral from the security interest of the applicable Collateral Document, and the Collateral subject to such Disposition shall continue to constitute Collateral for all purposes of the Loan Documents (without prejudice to the rights of the Borrower to release any such Collateral pursuant to Section 6.09(c)). 
 Section 6.05. Reserved . 
 Section 6.06. Liens. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien of any kind on any property or asset that constitutes Collateral, except Permitted Liens. 
 88 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Section 6.07. Business Activities. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any business other than Permitted Businesses, except to such extent as would not be material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 Section 6.08. Liquidity. The Borrower will not permit the aggregate amount of Liquidity to be less than 400,000,000 at the end of any Business Day following the Closing Date provided that, so long as no Loans or Letters of Credit are outstanding (other than such as have been Cash Collateralized or covered by a back-to-back letter of credit in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents), non-compliance by the Borrower with this Section 6.08 shall not constitute a default by the Borrower or any Guarantor of any of their respective obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and will not result in any Default or Event of Default. 
 Section 6.09. Collateral Coverage Ratio. 
 (a) Subject to the immediately following proviso, the Borrower will not permit at any time following the Closing Date the Collateral Coverage Ratio to be less than 1.0 to 1.0 (such occurrence, a Collateral Coverage Ratio Failure provided , that if, (A) upon delivery of an Appraisal pursuant to Section 5.07 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement (except pursuant to Section 5.07(2) or 5.07(3) or any Appraisal delivered to the Administrative Agent in connection with the designation of Additional Collateral solely to evidence compliance with the requirements of this Section 6.09(a)) and (B) solely with respect to determining compliance with this Section as a result thereof, it is determined that a Collateral Coverage Ratio Failure has occurred, the Borrower shall, within forty-five (45) days (or, in the case of an Appraisal delivered pursuant to Section 5.07(4) within thirty (30) days) of the date of such Appraisal (or, in the case of an Appraisal required under Section 5.07(1) or 5.07(4) not delivered by the deadline thereunder, the date such Appraisal was due thereunder) designate Additional Collateral as additional Eligible Collateral and comply with Section 5.13 and or prepay or cause to be prepaid the Loans in accordance with Section 2.12(b), collectively, in an amount sufficient to cure such Collateral Coverage Ratio Failure. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Borrower shall fail at any time to be in compliance with this Section 6.09 solely as a result of damage to or loss of any Collateral covered by insurance (pursuant to which the Collateral Agent is named as loss payee and with respect to which payments are to be delivered directly to the Collateral Agent) for which the insurer thereof has been notified of the relevant claim and has not challenged such coverage, any calculation made pursuant to this Section 6.09 shall deem the relevant Grantor to have received Net Proceeds (and to have taken all steps necessary to have pledged such Net Proceeds as Additional Collateral) in an amount equal to the expected coverage amount (as determined by the Borrower in good faith and updated from time to time to reflect any agreements reached with the applicable insurer) and net of any amounts required to be paid out of such proceeds and secured by a Lien until the earliest of (i) the date any such Net Proceeds are actually received by the Collateral Agent, (ii) the date that is 270 days after such damage and (iii) the date on which any such insurer denies such claim provided that, prior to giving effect to this clause (b), (x) the aggregate Appraised Value of all the Collateral plus (y) the Pledged Cash and Cash Equivalents, shall be no less than 150 of the Total Obligations. It is understood and agreed that if the Collateral Agent should receive any Net Proceeds directly from the insurer in respect of a Recovery Event and at the time of such receipt, (A) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Borrower is in compliance with Section 6.09(a) (without giving effect to the receipt of such Net Proceeds), the Collateral Agent shall promptly cause such proceeds to be paid to the Borrower or the applicable Grantor and (B) an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or the Borrower fails to be in compliance with Section 6.09(a) (without giving effect to the receipt of such Net Proceeds), the Collateral Agent shall promptly cause such proceeds to be deposited into the Collateral Proceeds Account maintained for such 
 89 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

purpose with the Collateral Agent that is subject to an Account Control Agreement and such proceeds shall be applied or released from such account in accordance with Section 2.12(a). 
 (c) At the Borrower s request, the Lien on any asset or type or category of asset (including after-acquired assets of that type or category) included in the Collateral will be promptly released, provided , in each case, that the following conditions are satisfied or waived (A) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (B) either (x) after giving effect to such release, the Collateral Coverage Ratio is not less than 1.0 to 1.0 or (y) the Borrower shall prepay or cause to be prepaid the Loans and or shall designate Additional Collateral and comply with Section 5.13, collectively, in an amount necessary to cause the Collateral Coverage Ratio to not be less than 1.0 to 1.0, (C) so long as any Loans or Letters of Credit are outstanding (other than such as have been Cash Collateralized or covered by a back-to-back letter of credit in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents), no Core Collateral Failure results from such release, and (D) the Borrower shall deliver an Officer's Certificate demonstrating compliance with this Section 6.09(c) following such release. In connection herewith, the Collateral Agent agrees to promptly provide any documents or releases reasonably requested by the Borrower to evidence such release. 
 Section 6.10. Merger, Consolidation, or Sale of Assets. 
 (a) The Borrower shall not directly or indirectly (i) consolidate or merge with or into another Person (whether or not the Borrower is the surviving corporation) or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in one or more related transactions, to another Person, unless 
 (1) either 
 (A) the Borrower is the surviving corporation or 
 (B) the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Borrower) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition has been made is an entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia and, if such entity is not a corporation, a co-obligor of the Loans is a corporation organized or existing under any such laws 
 (2) the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Borrower) or the Person to which such sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition has been made assumes all the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents pursuant to agreements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (3) immediately after such transaction, no Event of Default exists and 
 (4) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an Officer s Certificate stating that such consolidation, merger or transfer complies with this Agreement. 
 In addition, the Borrower will not, directly or indirectly, lease all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in one or more related transactions, to any other Person. 
 90 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(b) Section 6.10(a) will not apply to any Permitted Parent Reorganization or to any sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, lease or other disposition of assets between or among the Borrower and or the Guarantors. 
 (c) Upon any consolidation or merger, or any sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Borrower in a transaction that is subject to, and that complies with the provisions of, Section 6.10(a), the successor Person formed by such consolidation or into or with which the Borrower is merged or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such consolidation, merger, sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition, the provisions of this Agreement referring to the Borrower shall refer instead to the successor Person and not to the Borrower), and may exercise every right and power of the Borrower under this Agreement with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Borrower herein provided , however , that the Borrower, if applicable, shall not be relieved from the obligation to pay the principal of, and interest, if any, on the Loan except in the case of a sale of all of the Borrower s assets in a transaction that is subject to, and that complies with the provisions of, Section 6.10(a) hereof. In connection with any transfer under this clause (c), such successor Person shall provide all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, as reasonably requested by any Lender. 
 Section 6.11. Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will not use, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or any Letter of Credit (A) in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country (except to the extent permitted by applicable law), or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 SECTION 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 Section 7.01. Events of Default. In the case of the happening of any of the following events and the continuance thereof beyond the applicable grace period if any (each, an Event of Default 
 (a) any representation or warranty made by the Borrower or any Guarantor in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall prove to have been false or incorrect in any material respect when made and such representation is not corrected within ten (10) Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of notice from the Administrative Agent of such default or 
 (b) default shall be made in the payment of (i) any principal of the Loans or reimbursement obligations or cash collateralization in respect of Letters of Credit, when and as the same shall become due and payable (ii) any interest on the Loans and such default shall continue unremedied for more than five (5) Business Days or (iii) any other amount payable hereunder when due and such default shall continue unremedied for more than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of written notice by the Borrower from the Administrative Agent of the default in making such payment when due or 
 (c) default shall be made by the Borrower in the due observance of the covenant contained in Section 5.01(h), 6.08 or 6.09(a) hereof or 
 91 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(d) default shall be made by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in the due observance or performance of any other covenant, condition or agreement to be observed or performed by it pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and such default shall continue unremedied for more than sixty (60) days after receipt of written notice by the Borrower from the Administrative Agent of such default or 
 (e) (A) any material provision of any Loan Document to which the Borrower or a Guarantor is a party ceases to be a valid and binding obligation of the Borrower or such Guarantor for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days after the Borrower receives written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent, or the Borrower or any of the Guarantors shall so assert in any pleading filed in any court or (B) the Lien on any material portion of the Collateral intended to be created by the Loan Documents shall cease to be or shall not be a valid and perfected Lien having the priorities contemplated hereby or thereby (subject to Permitted Liens and except as permitted by the terms of this Agreement or the Collateral Documents or other than as a result of the action, delay or inaction of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent) for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days after the Borrower receives written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent or 
 (f) The Borrower, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary pursuant to or within the meaning of Bankruptcy Law 
 (1) commences a voluntary case, 
 (2) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, 
 (3) consents to the appointment of a custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property, 
 (4) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or 
 (5) admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts or 
 (g) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that 
 (1) is for relief against the Borrower, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case 
 (2) appoints a custodian of the Borrower, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary or for all or substantially all of the property of the Borrower, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary or 
 (3) orders the liquidation of the Borrower, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary 
 and in each case the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for sixty (60) consecutive days or 
 92 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(h) failure by the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Subsidiaries to pay final judgments entered by a court or courts of competent jurisdiction aggregating in excess of 50,000,000 (determined net of amounts covered by insurance policies issued by creditworthy insurance companies (and as to which the applicable insurance company has not denied coverage) or by third party indemnities or a combination thereof), which judgments are not paid, discharged, bonded, satisfied or stayed for a period of sixty (60) days or 
 (i) (1) the Borrower or any Guarantor shall default in the performance of any obligation relating to Material Indebtedness and any applicable grace periods shall have expired and any applicable notice requirements shall have been complied with, and as a result of such default the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders shall be permitted to cause such Material Indebtedness to become due prior to its scheduled final maturity date, and such ability to cause such Material Indebtedness to become due shall be continuing for a period of more than 60 consecutive days, (2) the Borrower or any Guarantor shall default in the performance of any obligation relating to any Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Guarantor (other than the Loans and obligations relating to Letters of Credit) outstanding under one or more agreements of the Borrower or a Guarantor that results in such Indebtedness coming due prior to its scheduled final maturity date in an aggregate principal amount at any single time unpaid exceeding 100,000,000 or (3) the Borrower or any Guarantor shall default in the payment of the outstanding principal amount due on the scheduled final maturity date of any Indebtedness outstanding under one or more agreements of the Borrower or a Guarantor, any applicable grace periods shall have expired and any applicable notice requirements shall have been complied with and such failure to make payment when due shall be continuing for a period of more than five (5) consecutive Business Days following the applicable scheduled final maturity date thereunder, in an aggregate principal amount at any single time unpaid exceeding 100,000,000. 
 then, and in every such event and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by written notice to the Borrower, take one or more of the following actions, at the same or different times 
 (i) terminate forthwith the Commitments 
 (ii) declare the Loans or any portion thereof then outstanding to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the principal of the Loans and other Obligations (other than Designated Hedging Obligations) together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all other liabilities of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall become forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower and the Guarantors, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding 
 (iii) require the Borrower and the Guarantors promptly upon written demand to deposit in the Letter of Credit Account Cash Collateralization for the LC Exposure (and to the extent the Borrower and the Guarantors shall fail to furnish such funds as demanded by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to debit the accounts of the Borrower and the Guarantors (other than Escrow Accounts, Payroll Accounts or other accounts held in trust for an identified beneficiary) maintained with the Administrative Agent in such amounts) 
 (iv) instruct the Collateral Agent to, and the Collateral Agent may, set-off amounts in the Letter of Credit Account or any other accounts (other than Escrow Accounts, Payroll Accounts or other accounts held in trust for an identified beneficiary) 
 93 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

maintained with the Collateral Agent and apply such amounts to the obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantors hereunder and in the other Loan Documents and 
 (v) exercise, or instruct the Collateral agent to exercise, any and all remedies under the Loan Documents and under applicable law available to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders. 
 In case of any event with respect to the Borrower, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary described in clause (f) or (g) of this Section 7.01, the actions and events described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above shall be required or taken automatically, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Any payment received as a result of the exercise of remedies hereunder shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.17(b). 
 SECTION 8. THE AGENTS 
 Section 8.01. Administration by Agents. 
 (a) Each of the Lenders and each Issuing Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Citibank, N.A. as its administrative agent and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as its collateral agent, as the case may be, and authorizes such Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 (b) Each of the Lenders and each Issuing Lender hereby authorizes each Agent, as applicable, in its sole discretion 
 (i) in connection with the sale or other disposition of any asset that is part of the Collateral of the Borrower or any other Grantor, as the case may be, to the extent permitted by the terms of this Agreement, to release a Lien granted to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, on such asset 
 (ii) to determine that the cost to the Borrower or any other Grantor, as the case may be, is disproportionate to the benefit to be realized by the Secured Parties by perfecting a Lien in a given asset or group of assets included in the Collateral and that the Borrower or such other Grantor, as the case may be, should not be required to perfect such Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties 
 (iii) to enter into, execute and deliver the other Loan Documents on terms acceptable to the Administrative Agent and to perform its respective obligations thereunder 
 (iv) to execute any documents or instruments necessary to release any Guarantor from the guarantees provided herein pursuant to Section 9.05 
 (v) to enter into, execute and deliver intercreditor and or subordination agreements in accordance with Sections 6.06 and 10.17 on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and to perform its obligations thereunder and to take such action and to exercise the powers, rights and remedies granted to it thereunder and with respect thereto and 
 94 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(vi) to enter into, execute and deliver any other agreements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent granting Liens to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, on any assets of the Borrower or any other Grantor to secure the Obligations. 
 Section 8.02. Rights of Agents. Any institution serving as an Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and such bank and its respective Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate of the Borrower as if it were not an Agent hereunder. 
 Section 8.03. Liability of Agents. 
 (a) The Agents shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and the other Loan Documents and no implied duties or obligations shall be read into this Agreement or the other Loan Documents against any Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) the Agents shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Agents shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that each Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.08), (iii) except as expressly set forth herein, the Agents shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the institution serving as an Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity and (iv) the Agents will not be required to take any action that, in their opinion or the opinion of their counsel, may expose any Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt, any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect. No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.08) or in the absence of its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. No Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge of any Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to such Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for, or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into, (A) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, (B) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, (C) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein, (D) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (E) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 4 or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to such Agent. 
 (b) Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and 
 95 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 (c) Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it. Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers through its Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of any Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Agent. 
 Section 8.04. Reimbursement and Indemnification. Each Lender agrees (a) to reimburse on demand each Agent for such Lender s Aggregate Exposure Percentage of any expenses and fees incurred for the benefit of the Lenders under this Agreement and any of the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, counsel fees and compensation of agents and employees paid for services rendered on behalf of the Lenders, and any other expense incurred in connection with the operations or enforcement thereof, not reimbursed by the Borrower or the Guarantors and (b) to indemnify and hold harmless each Agent and any of its Related Parties, on demand, in the amount equal to such Lender s Aggregate Exposure Percentage, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against it or any of them in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by it or any of them under this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower or the Guarantors (except such as shall result from its gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined in a final and nonappealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction). 
 Section 8.05. Successor Agents. Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor agent as provided in this paragraph, each Agent may resign at any time by notifying the other Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation by such Agent, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent (provided no Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing) of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may, with the consent (provided no Event of Default or Default has occurred or is continuing) of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), appoint a successor Agent which, in the case of the retiring Administrative Agent, shall be a bank institution with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as an Agent. 
 Section 8.06. Independent Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in 
 96 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 Section 8.07. Advances and Payments. 
 (a) On the date of each Loan, the Administrative Agent shall be authorized (but not obligated) to advance, for the account of each of the Lenders, the amount of the Loan to be made by it in accordance with its Revolving Commitment hereunder. Should the Administrative Agent do so, each of the Lenders agrees forthwith to reimburse the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds for the amount so advanced on its behalf by the Administrative Agent, together with interest at the Federal Funds Effective Rate if not so reimbursed on the date due from and including such date but not including the date of reimbursement. 
 (b) Any amounts received by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement (other than amounts to which the Administrative Agent is entitled pursuant to Sections 2.19, 2.20, 8.04 and 10.04), the application of which is not otherwise provided for in this Agreement, shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.17(b). All amounts to be paid to a Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be credited to that Lender, after collection by the Administrative Agent, in immediately available funds either by wire transfer or deposit in that Lender s correspondent account with the Administrative Agent, as such Lender and the Administrative Agent shall from time to time agree. 
 Section 8.08. Sharing of Setoffs. Each Lender agrees that, except to the extent this Agreement expressly provides for payments to be allocated to a particular Lender, if it shall, through the exercise either by it or any of its banking Affiliates of a right of banker s lien, setoff or counterclaim against the Borrower or a Guarantor, including, but not limited to, a secured claim under Section 506 of the Bankruptcy Code or other security or interest arising from, or in lieu of, such secured claim and received by such Lender (or any of its banking Affiliates) under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of its Revolving Extensions of Credit as a result of which the unpaid portion of its Revolving Extensions of Credit is proportionately less than the unpaid portion of the Revolving Extensions of Credit of any other Lender (other than with respect to any LC Exposure under clause (i) of the definition thereof) (a) it shall promptly purchase at par (and shall be deemed to have thereupon purchased) from such other Lender a participation in the Loans or LC Exposure of such other Lender, so that the aggregate amount of each Lender s Revolving Extensions of Credit and its participation in Loans and LC Exposure of the other Lenders shall be in the same proportion to the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding as the amount of its Revolving Extensions of Credit prior to the obtaining of such payment was to the amount of all Revolving Extensions of Credit prior to the obtaining of such payment and (b) such other adjustments shall be made from time to time as shall be equitable to ensure that the Lenders share such payment pro-rata, provided that if any such non-pro-rata payment is thereafter recovered or otherwise set aside, such purchase of participations shall be rescinded (without interest). The Borrower expressly consents to the foregoing arrangements and agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that any Lender holding (or deemed to be holding) a participation in a Loan or LC Exposure acquired pursuant to this Section or any of its banking Affiliates may exercise any and all rights of banker s lien, setoff or counterclaim with respect to any and all moneys owing by the Borrower to such Lender as fully as if such Lender was the original obligee thereon, in the amount of such participation. The provisions of this Section 8.08 shall not be construed to apply to (a) any payment made by the Borrower or a Guarantor pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender) or (b) any payment obtained by any Lender as consideration for the assignment or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or other Obligations owed to it. 
 97 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Section 8.09. Withholding Taxes. To the extent required by any applicable law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any withholding tax applicable to such payment. If the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender for any reason, or the Administrative Agent has paid over to the Internal Revenue Service applicable withholding tax relating to a payment to a Lender but no deduction has been made from such payment, without duplication of any indemnification obligations set forth in Section 8.04, such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as tax or otherwise, including any penalties or interest and together with any expenses incurred. 
 Section 8.10. Appointment by Secured Parties. Each Secured Party that is not a party to this Agreement shall be deemed to have appointed the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agent under the Loan Documents in accordance with the terms of this Section 8 and to have acknowledged that the provisions of this Section 8 apply to such Secured Party mutatis mutandis as though it were a party hereto (and any acceptance by such Secured Party of the benefits of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be deemed an acknowledgment of the foregoing). 
 
 SECTION 9. GUARANTY 
 Section 9.01. Guaranty. 
 (a) Each of the Guarantors unconditionally, absolutely and irrevocably guarantees the due and punctual payment by the Borrower of the Obligations (including interest accruing on and after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or of reorganization of the obligor whether or not post filing interest is allowed in such proceeding) (collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations and the obligations of each Guarantor in respect thereof, its Guaranty Obligations ). Each of the Guarantors further agrees that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent from it, and it will remain bound upon this guaranty notwithstanding any extension or renewal of any of the Obligations. The Guaranteed Obligations of the Guarantors shall be joint and several. Each of the Guarantors further agrees that its guaranty hereunder is a primary obligation of such Guarantor and not merely a contract of surety. 
 (b) To the extent permitted by applicable law, each of the Guarantors waives presentation to, demand for payment from and protest to the Borrower or any other Guarantor, and also waives notice of protest for nonpayment. The obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall not, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be affected by (i) the failure of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or a Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against the Borrower or any other Guarantor under the provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise (ii) any extension or renewal of any provision hereof or thereof (iii) any rescission, waiver, compromise, acceleration, amendment or modification of any of the terms or provisions of any of the Loan Documents (iv) the release, exchange, waiver or foreclosure of any security held by the Collateral Agent for the Obligations or any of them (v) the failure of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or a Lender to exercise any right or remedy against any other Guarantor or (vi) the release or substitution of any Collateral or any other Guarantor. 
 98 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(c) To the extent permitted by applicable law, each of the Guarantors further agrees that this guaranty constitutes a guaranty of payment when due and not just of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or a Lender to any security held for payment of the Obligations or to any balance of any deposit, account or credit on the books of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or a Lender in favor of the Borrower or any other Guarantor, or to any other Person. 
 (d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, each of the Guarantors hereby waives any defense that it might have based on a failure to remain informed of the financial condition of the Borrower and of any other Guarantor and any circumstances affecting the ability of the Borrower to perform under this Agreement. 
 (e) To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor s guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Obligations or any other instrument evidencing any Obligations, or by the existence, validity, enforceability, perfection, or extent of any collateral therefor or by any other circumstance relating to the Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to this guaranty (other than payment in full in cash of the Obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than those that constitute unasserted contingent indemnification obligations)). Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of the Lenders makes any representation or warranty in respect to any such circumstances or shall have any duty or responsibility whatsoever to any Guarantor in respect of the management and maintenance of the Obligations. 
 (f) Upon the occurrence of the Obligations becoming due and payable (by acceleration or otherwise), the Lenders shall be entitled to immediate payment of such Obligations by the Guarantors upon written demand by the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 9.02. No Impairment of Guaranty. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation or impairment for any reason, including, without limitation, any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise, other than pursuant to a written agreement in compliance with Section 10.08 and shall not be subject to any defense or set-off, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of the Obligations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by the failure of the Administrative Agent or a Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under this Agreement or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification of any provision hereof or thereof, by any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of the Obligations, or by any other act or thing or omission or delay to do any other act or thing which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of the Guarantors or would otherwise operate as a discharge of the Guarantors as a matter of law. 
 Section 9.03. Continuation and Reinstatement, etc. Each Guarantor further agrees that its guaranty hereunder shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lenders, any Lender or any other Secured Party upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or a Guarantor, or otherwise. 
 Section 9.04. Subrogation. Upon payment by any Guarantor of any sums to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or a Lender hereunder, all rights of such Guarantor against the Borrower arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation or otherwise, shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all the Obligations (including interest accruing on and after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or of reorganization of an obligor whether or not post filing interest is allowed in such proceeding). If 
 99 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

any amount shall be paid to such Guarantor for the account of the Borrower relating to the Obligations prior to payment in full of the Obligations, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to be credited and applied to the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured. 
 Section 9.05. Discharge of Guaranty. 
 (a) In the event of any sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of any Guarantor, by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise, or a sale or other disposition of all Capital Stock of any Guarantor, in each case to a Person that is not (either before or after giving effect to such transactions) the Borrower or a Guarantor or the merger or consolidation of a Guarantor with or into the Borrower or another Guarantor, in each case, in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, then such Guarantor (in the event of a sale or other disposition, by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise, of all of the Capital Stock of such Guarantor) or the corporation acquiring the property (in the event of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of such Guarantor) will be automatically released and relieved of any obligations under its Guarantee of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
 (b) Upon the request of the Borrower, the guarantee of any Guarantor that is an Immaterial Subsidiary shall be promptly released provided that (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or shall result therefrom and (ii) the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that such Subsidiary is an Immaterial Subsidiary provided further that a Subsidiary that is considered not to be an Immaterial Subsidiary solely pursuant to clause (i)(1) of the second proviso of the definition thereof shall, solely for purposes of this clause (b), be considered an Immaterial Subsidiary, so long as any applicable guarantee, pledge or other obligation of such Subsidiary with respect to any Junior Secured Debt shall be irrevocably released and discharged substantially simultaneously with the release of such guarantee hereunder. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to execute and deliver, at the Borrower s expense, such documents as the Borrower or any Guarantor may reasonably request to evidence the release of the guarantee of such Guarantor provided herein. 
 SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 10.01. Notices. 
 (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein or under any other Loan Document shall be in writing (including by facsimile), and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrower or any Guarantor, to it at Spirit Airlines, Inc., 2800 Executive Way, Miramar, FL 33025, telephone , facsimile , email Attention 
 
 (ii) if to Citibank as Administrative Agent, to it at Citibank, N.A., 338 Greenwich St., New York, NY 10013, Attn Albert P. Mari, email and , 
 100 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

telephone , with a copy to Citibank Delaware, One Penns Way, OPS 2 2, New Castle, Delaware 19720, telephone , facsimile Attention 
 
 (iii) if to an Issuing Lender that is a Lender, to it at its address determined pursuant to clause (iv) below or, if to an Issuing Lender that is not a Lender, to it at the address most recently specified by it in notice delivered by it to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, unless no such notice has been received, in which case to it in care of its Affiliate that is a Lender at its address determined pursuant to clause (iv) 
 (iv) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in Annex A hereto or, if subsequently delivered, an Assignment and Acceptance and 
 (v) if to Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Collateral Agent, to it at Wilmington Trust, National Association, Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, telephone , facsimile Attention 
 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Section 2 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its reasonable discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (c) Any party hereto may change its address, telecopy number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt. 
 Section 10.02. Successors and Assigns. 
 (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Lender that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void), provided that the foregoing shall not restrict any transaction permitted by Section 6.10, and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section 10.02. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Lender that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (d) of this Section 10.02) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Lenders and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of 
 101 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(A) the Administrative Agent provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment if the assignee is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund of a Lender, in each case so long as such assignee is an Eligible Assignee and 
 (B) the Borrower provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment (I) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (II) if the assignee is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund of a Lender, in each case so long as such assignee is an Eligible Assignee provided , further , that the Borrower s consent will be deemed given with respect to a proposed assignment if no response is received with ten (10) Business Days after having received a written request from such Lender pursuant to this Section 10.02(b). 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) any assignment of any portion of the Total Revolving Commitment, Revolving Loans and LC Exposure shall be made to an Eligible Assignee 
 (B) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Revolving Commitment or Loans, the amount of such Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000, and after giving effect to such assignment, the portion of the Loan or Commitment held by the assigning Lender of the same tranche as the assigned portion of the Loan or Commitment shall not be less than 5,000,000, in each case unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required with respect to such assignment if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing provided , further , that any such assignment shall be in increments of 500,000 in excess of the minimum amount described above 
 (C) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement 
 (D) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 for the account of the Administrative Agent and 
 (E) the assignee, if it was not a Lender immediately prior to such assignment, shall deliver (i) to the Administrative Agent an administrative questionnaire in a form as the Administrative Agent may require and (ii) any documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 2.16. 
 For the purposes of this Section 10.02(b), the term Approved Fund means with respect to any Lender, any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) such Lender, (b) an Affiliate of such Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages such Lender. 
 102 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section 10.02, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Revolving Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14, 2.16 and 10.04). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 10.02 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section 10.02. 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent shall maintain at its offices a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Revolving Commitments of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lenders and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the Issuing Lenders and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (v) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no assignment may be made hereunder to any Defaulting Lender or any of its subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (v). 
 (vi) In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment will be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Borrower, Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and each other Revolving Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit in accordance with its Aggregate Exposure Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder becomes effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest will be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 (c) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed administrative questionnaire in a form as the Administrative Agent may require (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and 
 103 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Acceptance and record the information contained therein in the Register provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(a), 8.04 or 10.04(d), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Acceptance and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (d) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Issuing Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Lenders and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and (D) no Participant may be an Affiliate of the Borrower or any Guarantor, or any natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of any natural person). Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 10.08(a) that affects such Participant. Subject to Section 10.02(d)(ii), the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14 and 2.16 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.02(b). To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 8.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to the requirements of Section 8.08 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under this Agreement or any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender, the Borrower, a Guarantor and the Administrative Agent shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register pursuant to the terms hereof as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. 
 (ii) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.14 or 2.16 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant and shall be subject to the terms of Section 2.18(a). The Lender selling the participation to such Participant shall be subject to the terms of Section 2.18(b) if such Participant requests compensation or additional amounts pursuant to Section 2.14 or 2.16. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.16 unless such 
 104 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Sections 2.16(f), 2.16(g) and 2.16(h) as though it were a Lender. 
 (e) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section 10.02 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (f) Any Lender may, in connection with any assignment or participation or proposed assignment or participation pursuant to this Section 10.02, disclose to the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant, any information relating to the Borrower or any of the Guarantors furnished to such Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of the Guarantors provided that prior to any such disclosure, each such assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant provides to the Administrative Agent its agreement in writing to be bound for the benefit of the Borrower by either the provisions of Section 10.03 or other provisions at least as restrictive as Section 10.03. 
 Section 10.03. Confidentiality. Each Lender agrees to keep any information delivered or made available by the Borrower or any of the Guarantors to it confidential, in accordance with its customary procedures, from anyone other than persons employed or retained by such Lender who are or are expected to become engaged in evaluating, approving, structuring or administering the Loans, and who are advised by such Lender of the confidential nature of such information provided that nothing herein shall prevent any Lender from disclosing such information (a) to any of its Affiliates and their respective agents, advisors and service providers (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such information confidential) or to any other Lender or any other party hereto, (b) upon the order of any court or administrative agency, (c) upon the request or demand of any regulatory agency or authority (including any self-regulatory authority), (d) which has been publicly disclosed other than as a result of a disclosure by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender which is not permitted by this Agreement, (e) in connection with any litigation to which the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender, or their respective Affiliates may be a party to the extent reasonably required under applicable rules of discovery, (f) to the extent reasonably required in connection with the exercise of any remedy or enforcement of rights hereunder, (g) to such Lender s legal counsel and independent auditors, (h) on a confidential basis to any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or the Revolving Facility, (i) with the consent of the Borrower, and (j) to any actual or proposed participant or assignee of all or part of its rights hereunder, to any direct or indirect contractual counterparty (or the professional advisors thereto) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations or to any credit insurance provider relating to the Borrower and its obligations, in each case, subject to the proviso in Section 10.02(f) (with any reference to any assignee or participant set forth in such proviso being deemed to include a reference to such contractual counterparty or credit insurance provider for purposes of this Section 10.03(j)). If any Lender is in any manner requested or required to disclose any of the information delivered or made available to it by the Borrower or any of the Guarantors under clauses (b) or (e) of this Section, such Lender will, to the extent permitted by law, provide the Borrower or such Guarantor with prompt notice, to the extent reasonable, so that the Borrower or such Guarantor may seek, at its sole expense, a protective order or other appropriate remedy or may waive compliance with this Section 10.03. 
 105 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Section 10.04. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver. 
 (a) (i) The Borrower shall pay or reimburse (A) all reasonable fees and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent (including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of Milbank LLP, special counsel to the Administrative Agent) and the Collateral Agent (including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of Morris James LLP, special counsel to the Collateral Agent) associated with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, and the preparation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof requested by the Borrower (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (B) in connection with any enforcement of the Loan Documents, (x) all fees and out-of-pocket expenses of each Agent (including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of a single counsel for each of the Agents) incurred during the continuance of a Default, and (y) all such fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders (including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, which may be separate counsel) incurred during the continuance of an Event of Default and (C) all reasonable, documented, out-of-pocket costs, expenses, taxes, assessments and other charges (including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel for each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent) incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in connection with any filing, registration, recording or perfection of any security interest contemplated by any Loan Document or incurred in connection with any release or addition of Collateral after the Closing Date. 
 (ii) All payments or reimbursements pursuant to the foregoing clause (a)(i) shall be paid within thirty (30) days of written demand together with back-up documentation supporting such reimbursement request. 
 (b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Lenders and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto and whether or not any such claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding is brought by the Borrower, its equity holders, its Affiliates, its creditors or any other Person (including any investigating, preparing for or defending any such claims, actions, suits, investigations or proceedings, whether or not in connection with pending or threatened litigation in which such Indemnitee is a party), relating to (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Lender to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit) or (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to, or asserted against, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (or of any Related Party that is a controlled Affiliate of such Indemnitee (a Controlled Related Party )), and any such Indemnitee shall repay the Borrower the amount of any expenses previously 
 106 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

reimbursed by the Borrower in connection with any such loss, claims, damages, expenses or liability to such Indemnitee and, to the extent not repaid by any of them, such Indemnitee s Controlled Related Parties not a party to this Agreement. This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than Taxes that represent losses or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) In case any action or proceeding shall be brought or asserted against an Indemnitee in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Borrower under the provisions of any Loan Document, such Indemnitee shall promptly notify the Borrower in writing and the Borrower shall, if requested by such Indemnitee or if the Borrower desires to do so, assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnitee but only if (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) such action or proceeding does not involve any risk of criminal liability or material risk of material civil money penalties being imposed on such Indemnitee. The Borrower shall not enter into any settlement of any such action or proceeding that admits any Indemnitee s misconduct or negligence. The failure to so notify the Borrower shall not affect any obligations the Borrower may have to such Indemnitee under the Loan Documents or otherwise other than to the extent that the Borrower is materially adversely affected by such failure. The Indemnitees shall have the right to employ separate counsel in such action or proceeding and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnitees unless (i) the Borrower has agreed to pay such fees and expenses, (ii) the Borrower has failed to assume the defense of such action or proceeding and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitees or (iii) the Indemnitees shall have been advised in writing by counsel that under prevailing ethical standards there may be a conflict between the positions of the Borrower and the Indemnitees in conducting the defense of such action or proceeding or that there may be legal defenses available to the Indemnitees different from or in addition to those available to the Borrower, in which case, if the Indemnitees notify the Borrower in writing that they elect to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Borrower, the Borrower shall not have the right to assume the defense of such action or proceeding on behalf of the Indemnitees provided , however , that the Borrower shall not, in connection with any one such action or proceeding or separate but substantially similar or related actions or proceedings in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be responsible hereunder for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one such firm of separate counsel, in addition to any local counsel. The Borrower shall not be liable for any settlement of any such action or proceeding effected without the written consent of the Borrower (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (d) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 10.04, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, such portion of the unpaid amount equal to such Lender s Aggregate Exposure Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in its capacity as such. 
 (e) To the extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereto shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof provided that the foregoing will not relieve the Borrower of any obligation it may have to indemnify any Indemnitee pursuant to Section 10.04(b). No Indemnitee referred to in paragraph (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients 
 107 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (except to the extent determined in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen from the bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Indemnitee or any Controlled Related Party of such Indemnitee). 
 Section 10.05. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process. 
 (a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (b) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall, to the extent permitted by law, be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. 
 (c) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in Section 10.05(b). Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 10.01. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 Section 10.06. No Waiver. No failure on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any of the Lenders to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder or any of the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. All remedies hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. 
 Section 10.07. Extension of Maturity. Should any payment of principal of or interest or any other amount due hereunder become due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of principal, interest shall be payable thereon at the rate herein specified during such extension. 
 Section 10.08. Amendments, etc. 
 (a) No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision of (i) this Agreement, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any Guarantor therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Required Lenders (or signed by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) or (ii) any Collateral Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any Guarantor therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent 
 108 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

(with the consent of the Required Lenders), and, in each case, then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given provided , however , that, subject to Section 2.09(b) 2.30 of this Agreement, no such modification or amendment shall without the prior written consent of 
 (i) each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (A) increase the Commitment of any Lender or extend the termination date of the Commitment of any Lender (it being understood that a waiver of an Event of Default shall not constitute an increase in or extension of the termination date of the Commitment of a Lender), or (B) reduce the principal amount of any Loan, any reimbursement obligation in respect of any Letter of Credit issued by it, or the rate of interest payable thereon provided that only the consent of the Required Lenders (or in the case of any such reimbursement obligation, the applicable Issuing Lender) shall be necessary for a waiver of default interest referred to in Section 2.08), or extend any date for the payment of interest or Fees hereunder or reduce any Fees payable hereunder or extend the final stated maturity of the Revolving Loans or reimbursement or cash collateralization obligations in respect of Letters of Credit or (C) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.17(b) and 
 (ii) all of the Lenders (A) amend or modify any provision of this Agreement which provides for the unanimous consent or approval of the Lenders, (B) amend this Section 10.08 that has the effect of changing the number or percentage of Lenders that must approve any modification, amendment, waiver or consent or modify the percentage of the Lenders required in the definition of Required Lenders, or (C) release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document (except to the extent contemplated by Section 6.09 on the Closing Date or by the terms of the Collateral Documents) 
 provided further , that any Collateral Document may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified with the consent of the applicable Grantor and the Collateral Agent (i) to add assets (or categories of assets) to the Collateral covered by such Collateral Document, as contemplated by the definition of Additional Collateral set forth in Section 1.01 hereof or (ii) to remove any asset or type or category of asset (including after-acquired assets of that type or category) from the Collateral covered by such Collateral Document to the extent the release thereof is permitted by Section 6.09(c). 
 Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, without the consent of any Lender or the Collateral Agent, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may enter into one or more amendments hereto or to any other Loan Document in furtherance of the adoption of the LIBOR Successor Rate a Benchmark Replacement mutually determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.09 2.30 b a of this Agreement and such amendments shall be binding on each Lender, unless the Required Lenders have delivered an Objection Notice a written notice of objection to such amendment(s) in accordance with Section 2.09 2.30 b a ). 
 (b) No such amendment or modification shall adversely affect the rights and obligations of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Issuing Lender hereunder without its prior written consent. 
 (c) No notice to or demand on the Borrower or any Guarantor shall entitle the Borrower or any Guarantor to any other or further notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances. Each assignee under Section 10.02(b) shall be bound by any amendment, modification, waiver, or consent authorized as provided herein, and any consent by a Lender shall bind any Person subsequently acquiring an interest on the Loans held by such Lender. No 
 109 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

amendment to this Agreement shall be effective against the Borrower or any Guarantor unless signed by the Borrower or such Guarantor, as the case may be. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 10.08(a), (i) in the event that either the Borrower requests that this Agreement be modified or amended in a manner which would require the unanimous consent of all of the Lenders or the consent of all Lenders directly and adversely affected thereby and, in each case, such modification or amendment is agreed to by the Required Lenders, then the Borrower may replace any non-consenting Lender in accordance with Section 10.02 provided that such amendment or modification can be effected as a result of the assignment contemplated by such Section (together with all other such assignments required by the Borrower to be made pursuant to this clause (i)) and (ii) if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have jointly identified an obvious error or any error or omission of a technical or immaterial nature in any provision of the Loan Documents, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document if the same is not objected to in writing by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days after written notice thereof to the Lenders. 
 (e) Reserved . 
 (f) In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 10.08(a), this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (a) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Revolving Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (b) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders. 
 (g) In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 7.01 or Section 10.08(a), following the consummation of any Extension pursuant to Section 2.28, no modification, amendment or waiver (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any forbearance agreement entered into with respect to this Agreement) shall limit the right of any non-extending Revolving Lender (each, a Non-Extending Lender to enforce its right to receive payment of amounts due and owing to such Non-Extending Lender on the Revolving Facility Maturity Date applicable to the Revolving Commitments of such Non-Extending Lenders without the prior written consent of Non-Extending Lenders that would constitute Required Lenders if the Non-Extending Lenders were the only Lenders hereunder at the time. 
 (h) It is understood that the amendment provisions of this Section 10.08 shall not apply to extensions of the Revolving Facility Maturity Date or the maturity date of any tranche of Revolving Commitments, in each case, made in accordance with Section 2.28. 
 Section 10.09. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 Section 10.10. Headings. Section headings used herein are for convenience only and are not to affect the construction of or be taken into consideration in interpreting this Agreement. 
 110 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Section 10.11. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Lender or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder. The provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 10.04 and Section 8 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments, or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 Section 10.12. Execution in Counterparts Integration Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement constitutes the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or electronic .pdf copy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 Section 10.13. USA Patriot Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act hereby notifies the Borrower and each Guarantor that pursuant to the requirements of the Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower and each Guarantor, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and each Guarantor and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower and each Guarantor in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 Section 10.14. New Value. It is the intention of the parties hereto that any provision of Collateral by a Grantor as a condition to, or in connection with, the making of any Loan or the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, shall be made as a contemporaneous exchange for new value given by the Lenders or Issuing Lenders, as the case may be, to the Borrower. 
 Section 10.15. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.15. 
 Section 10.16. No Fiduciary Duty. The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Lender and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders ), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Borrower, its stockholders and or its 
 111 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

affiliates. The Borrower agree that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise related to the Transactions will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand, and the Borrower, its stockholders or its affiliates, on the other hand. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Borrower and the Guarantors, on the other hand, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Borrower, its stockholders or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise the Borrower, its stockholders or its affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to the Borrower except the obligations expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and (y) each Lender is acting solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of the Borrower, its management, stockholders, affiliates, creditors or any other Person. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that it has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. The Borrower agrees that it will not claim that any Lender has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Borrower, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. 
 Section 10.17. Intercreditor Agreements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent shall enter into any intercreditor agreement pursuant to and as permitted by the terms of this Agreement (any such intercreditor agreement, an Intercreditor Agreement and such Intercreditor Agreement shall remain outstanding, the rights granted to the Secured Parties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the lien and security interest granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document and the exercise of any right or remedy by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be subject to the terms and conditions of such Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and such Intercreditor Agreement, the terms of such Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control with respect to any right or remedy, and no right, power or remedy granted to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be exercised by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, and no direction shall be given by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, in contravention of such Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Section 10.18. Registrations with International Registry. Each of the parties hereto (i) consents to the registrations with the International Registry of the International Interests constituted by the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage, and (ii) covenants and agrees that it will take all such action reasonably requested by the Borrower or Collateral Agent in order to make any registrations with the International Registry, including without limitation establishing a valid and existing account with the International Registry and appointing an Administrator and or a Professional User reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent to make registrations with respect to the Mortgaged Collateral and providing consents to any registration as may be contemplated by the Loan Documents. 
 Section 10.19. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions(a) . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and 
 112 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Section 10.20. Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedging Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolutions Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is a party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 
 Section 10.21. Certain ERISA Matters. 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the 
 113 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 
 114 
 
 1006536826v 4 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and the year first written. 
 SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC., as Borrower 
 By Name Title 

1006536826v 4 3 

CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, a Lender and Issuing Lender 
 By Name Title 

1006536826v 4 3 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent 
 By Name Title 

1006536826v 4 3 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as a Lender 
 By Name Title 

1006536826v 4 3 

ANNEX A 
 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 LENDERS AND COMMITMENTS 
 A. Total Revolving Commitments 
 Revolving Lender Revolving Commitment Citibank, N.A. 60,000,000 
 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 60,000,000 
 Barclays Bank PLC 60,000,000 
 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 60,000,000 
 TOTAL 240,000,000 
 
 B. Lender Notices 
 Citibank, N.A. c o Citibank Delaware 
 One Penns Way 
 OPS 2 2 
 New Castle, DE 19720 
 Attn 
 Phone 
 Fax 
 Borrower inquiries only 
 Borrower notifications 
 Disclosure Team Mail (Financial Reporting) 
 Investor Relations Team (investor inquiries only) 
 
 With a copy to 
 
 Citibank, NA 
 388 Greenwich Street 
 New York, NY 10013 
 Attn 
 Phone 

Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 
 c o Morgan Stanley Loan Servicing 
 1300 Thames Street Wharf, 4th Floor 
 Baltimore, Maryland 21231 
 Facsimile 
 Email 
 
 Barclays Bank PLC 
 US Loan Operations 
 Barclays 
 700 Prides Crossing 

1006536826v 4 3 

Newark, DE 19713 
 Fax 
 Email 
 
 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 
 Attn 
 60 Wall Street, 2nd Floor 
 New York, NY 10005 
 Phone 
 Email 

1006536826v 4 3 

ANNEX B 
 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 LIST OF AIRCRAFT AND ENGINE APPRAISERS 
 Aviation Specialists Group, Inc. 
 AVITAS, Inc. 
 Ascend FG Advisory 
 IBA Group Ltd 
 ICF International, Inc. 
 Morten, Beyer and Agnew 

1006536826v 4 3 

EXHIBIT A 
 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 Reserved 

1006536826v 4 3 

EXHIBIT B 
 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 FORM OF INSTRUMENT OF ASSUMPTION AND JOINDER 

1006536826v 4 3 

EXHIBIT C 
 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE 

1006536826v 4 3 

EXHIBIT D 
 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 FORM OF LOAN REQUEST 

1006536826v 4 3 

EXHIBIT E 
 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 FORM OF AIRCRAFT AND SPARE ENGINE MORTGAGE 

1006536826v 4 3 

EXHIBIT F 
 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 FORM OF SLOT AND GATE SECURITY AGREEMENT 

1006536826v 4 3 

SCHEDULE 3.06 
 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 OF 
 SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC. 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation Ownership (directly or indirectly) 

1006536826v 4 3 

</EX-10.60>

<EX-10.61>
 4
 save-ex1061x20221231x10k.htm
 AIRCRAFT PURCHASE SALE AGREEMENT

Document 
 Exhibit 10.61 
 
 Execution Version 

 THE USE OF THE FOLLOWING NOTATION IN THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTION HAS BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(b)(10)(iv) WHEREBY CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 
 AIRCRAFT SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 dated January 13, 2023 
 
 between 
 SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC. 
 as Seller 
 and 
 GRYPHON TRADING COMPANY, LLC 
 as Buyer 
 ______________________________________________ 
 Twenty-Nine (29) Used Airbus A319 Aircraft 
 ______________________________________________ 

AIRCRAFT SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 This AIRCRAFT SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into this 13 th day of January, 2023, by and between SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC., a Delaware corporation having a principal place of business at 2800 Executive Way, Miramar, Florida 33025 (hereinafter referred to as Seller and GRYPHON TRADING COMPANY, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company having a principal place of business at 101 NE 3rd Ave., Suite 610, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33301 (hereinafter referred to as Buyer (Seller and Buyer are each a Party and, collectively, the Parties ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, Seller owns twenty-nine (29) Airbus S.A.S. A319 Aircraft as defined below 
 WHEREAS, Seller desires to sell to Buyer, and Buyer desires to buy from Seller, such Aircraft and 
 WHEREAS, the Parties now desire to enter into a definitive agreement pursuant to which, in separate transactions for each Aircraft, Seller will sell to Buyer, and Buyer will purchase from Seller, such Aircraft. 
 NOW, THEREFOR, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants herein contained, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Definitions & Interpretation . 
 1.1. Definitions . The following capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the following respective meanings for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 Actuators has the meaning given to it in Section 5.5. 
 Affiliate means a Person or an entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, another Person or entity, including, among the others, executive officers, directors, large stockholders, subsidiaries, parent entities and sister companies. 
 Aircraft means, either individually or any number of, one (1) Airframe and two (2) Engines, and all parts and components attached thereon or separately related thereto. 
 Aircraft Acceptance Certificate means an aircraft acceptance certificate substantially in the form provided in Exhibit D and executed by Buyer. 
 Aircraft Records means, for each Aircraft, the applicable Airframe Records and the Engine Records. 
 Airframe or Airframes means, either individually or any number of, the Airbus S.A.S. A319-100 airframes listed in Exhibit A, with all parts attached thereto and included thereon, together with its respective Airframe Records, but excluding the Spirit Branding and Equipment 
 Airframe Price means the purchase price for corresponding to each Airframe listed in Exhibit A. 
 Airframe Records means, for each Airframe, the applicable records and documentation listed in Exhibit B. 
 Bill of Sale means a warranty bill of sale substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto. 
 BSI means the borescope inspection to be performed during the Engine Inspection prior to Delivery while at the Delivery Location, in accordance with Section 4.2. 

Business Day means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which the banks in New York City, New York, USA are open for the transaction of business of the type required by this Agreement. 
 Cape Town Agreements means the Cape Town Convention, as supplemented by the Cape Town Aircraft Protocol (in each case, the English language version). 
 Cape Town Aircraft Protocol means The Protocol on International Interests in Mobile Equipment, concluded in Cape Town, South Africa, on November 16, 2001 (the English language version). 
 Cape Town Convention means The Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment, concluded in Cape Town, South Africa, on November 16, 2001 (the English language version). 
 Civil Aviation Registry means the registry of aircraft maintained by the FAA. 
 Commitment Fee has the meaning given to it in Section 3.1. 
 Commitment Fee Return Event has the meaning given to it in Section 3.1. 
 Cycle means one take-off and landing cycle for an Engine. 
 Cycle Rate means the amount determined by applying the formula . 
 Deferred Delivery Date has the meaning given to it in Section 5.4. 
 Delivery means, with respect to each Aircraft, delivery of the sale of such Aircraft pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 Delivery Condition means the condition of each Aircraft and Engine at Delivery as provided in Section 5.1. 
 Delivery Date means, with respect to an Aircraft, the actual date on which Delivery occurs. 
 Delivery Facility has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.3. 
 Delivery Location has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.3. 
 Dollars , and US mean the lawful currency of the United States. 
 EMM means the selected part of the IAE Engine Maintenance Manual appearing in Exhibit H. 
 Engine means any one (1) IAE V2500-A5 aircraft engine listed in Exhibit A, together with its respective Engine Records and, as applicable, a Substitute Engine. 
 Engine Ceiling Price means . 
 Engine Floor Price means, for each Engine listed in Exhibit A, the corresponding amount referenced therein, and for a Substitute Engine, the amount agreed between Buyer and Seller pursuant to Section 5.5(c). 
 Engine Inspection means the inspection to be performed for an Engine prior to Delivery while located at the Delivery Location in accordance with Section 4.2. 
 Engine Price means the purchase price corresponding to each Engine listed in Exhibit A or, in respect of a Substitute Engine, such price as is agreed pursuant to Section 5.5(c). 
 3 

Engine Records mean, for each Engine, the applicable records and documentation in respect of the Engines listed in Exhibit B. 
 Equipment means, collectively, the Airframes and Engines. 
 FAA means the United States Federal Aviation Administration. 
 FAA Bill of Sale means, with respect to an Aircraft (or, as applicable, an Airframe), an FAA Form AC 8050-2 aircraft bill of sale (or any successor form thereto established and accepted by the FAA). 
 FAA Counsel means the law firm of McAfee & Taft, a Professional Corporation, or such other Law firm as agreed between the Parties. 
 FAA Registration Application means, with respect to an Aircraft (or, as applicable, an Airframe), an FAA Form AC 8050-1 aircraft registration application document (or any successor form thereto established and accepted by the FAA) required to register the Aircraft for operation within the United States. 
 Final Delivery Date means December 31, 2025. 
 Flight Hour means each hour or fraction thereof, measured to two decimal places, elapsing from the moment the wheels of the airframe on which an Engine was installed leave the ground on take-off to the moment when the wheels of such airframe touch the ground on landing, as the same is measured by Seller. 
 Government Entity means the United States government, any state or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory, or administrative functions of or pertaining to any such government. 
 Incident Accident Clearance Statement means, for each Aircraft, Airframe, or Engine, a letter substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto. 
 International Interests has the meaning ascribed to the term international interests under the Cape Town Agreements. 
 International Registry has the meaning ascribed to the term international registry under the Cape Town Agreements. 
 Law means any (a) Law, statute, decree, constitution, regulation, order or directive of any Government Entity, (b) treaty, pact, compact or other agreement to which any Government Entity is a signatory or party, (c) judicial or administrative interpretation or application of any of the foregoing or (d) any binding judicial precedent having the force of Law in any Government Entity. 
 Lien means any lien, security interest, lease, mortgage, pledge, title retention or other charge or encumbrance or claim or right of others or agreement the effect of which is the creation of security, including, without limitation, rights of others under the Aircraft, Airframe, or Engine, or parts thereof, interchange, loan, or lease agreement. 
 Maintenance Program Seller s FAA-approved maintenance program in respect of the Aircraft. 
 Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint stock company, company, firm, trust, organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality. 
 Purchase Price has the meaning given to it in Section 3.2. 
 4 

Scheduled Delivery Date means, for each Aircraft, the scheduled date agreed between the Parties in which Delivery occurs, and which is described in Exhibit A. 
 Seller Parties means Seller, its subsidiaries and parent organizations, and each of its and their directors, officers, shareholders, members, controlling Persons, agents, employees, subsidiaries, Affiliates, servants, successors, assigns and transferees of the foregoing parties (each, a Seller Party ). 
 Spirit Branding and Equipment means, individually or collectively, the branding and parts listed in Exhibit C. 
 Substitute Engine has the meaning given to it in Section 5.5. 
 Surviving Provisions has the meaning given to it in Section 5.7(b). 
 Total Loss means, as applicable, the actual, constructive or arranged total loss of an Aircraft, Airframe, or Engine. 
 Transaction Documents means this Agreement and any ancillary agreements between the Parties relating hereto, and with respect to each Aircraft, the Bill of Sale, the Aircraft Acceptance Certificate, the FAA Bill of Sale and the FAA Registration Application. 
 Unserviceable Engines has the meaning given to it in Section 5.1. 
 1.2. Interpretation . All references in this Agreement to Exhibits, Annexes, Sections, paragraphs, subsections, clauses and other subdivisions refer to the corresponding Exhibits, Annexes, Sections, paragraphs, subsections, clauses and other subdivisions of or to this Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise. Titles appearing at the beginning of any Sections, paragraphs, subsections, or other subdivisions of this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute any part of this Agreement, and shall be disregarded in construing the language hereof. The words this Agreement, herein, hereby, hereunder, and hereof, and words of similar nature, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Section, subsection, or other subdivision unless expressly so limited. The words this Section, and this subsection, and words of similar nature, refer only to the Section, or subsection hereof in which such words occur. The word including (in its various forms) means including without limitation . Pronouns in masculine, feminine, or neutral genders shall be construed to state and include any other gender, and words, terms, and titles (including terms defined herein) in the singular form shall be construed to include the plural and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. Exhibits and Appendices referred to herein are attached hereto. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any reference herein to any Law shall be construed as referring to such Law as amended, modified, codified, or reenacted, in whole or in part, and in effect from time to time, and references to particular provisions of a Law include a reference to the corresponding provisions of any prior or succeeding Law, and any reference herein to a document includes that document as amended from time to time in accordance with its terms, and any document entered into in substitution or replacement therefor. Any reference to an amendment includes a supplement, novation, or re-enactment, and amended is to be construed accordingly. The word extent in the phrase to the extent means the degree to which a subject or other theory extends, and such phrase shall not simply mean if . Whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number shall refer to calendar days unless Business Days are specified, and Business Days refer to days that are Business Days in New York City, New York. Whenever any action must be taken hereunder on or by a day that is not a Business Day, then such action may be validly taken on or by the next day that is a Business Day. Time shall be of the essence in this Agreement. Any reference to any federal, state, local, or foreign Law shall be deemed also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context shall otherwise require. Reference herein to federal shall be construed as referring to U.S. federal. 
 2. Agreements to Sell and Purchase the Aircraft . 
 2.1. Agreement to Buyer to Pay Consideration . With respect to each Aircraft, Seller agrees to sell and Buyer agrees to buy such Aircraft, in each case upon and subject to the terms and conditions of 
 5 

this Agreement. The aggregate consideration payable with respect to each Aircraft will be the Purchase Price provided that, the payment of the applicable Purchase Price or any portion thereof shall be in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement. 
 2.2. Agreement to Seller to Transfer Title . Upon payment of the Purchase Price in respect of an Aircraft, Seller shall, by execution and delivery of a Bill of Sale, sell to Buyer outright good and valid title in and to each Aircraft, free and clear of all Liens. 
 2.3. Agreement for Buyer to Accept the Aircraft . Concurrently with Seller s delivery to Buyer of an executed Bill of Sale, Buyer shall accept delivery of the Aircraft, and Buyer shall execute and deliver an Aircraft Acceptance Certificate in respect of such Aircraft. 
 2.4. Assignment of Warranties . Seller hereby assigns to the Buyer, effective as of each Delivery Date, any and all existing assignable warranties and service life policies, or other rights, remedies or claims against manufacturers, suppliers, vendors and maintenance and overhaul agencies relating to the applicable Aircraft (in the case of rights, remedies or claims, only with respect to rights, remedies or claims arising, or based on events, occurrences and circumstances occurring, on or after the Delivery of the applicable Aircraft). Seller makes no representation or warranty as to the existence or assignability of any such warranties and rights. 
 3. Commitment Fee Purchase Price and Adjustment Payment Instruction . 
 3.1. Commitment Fee Commitment Fee Return Event . 
 (a) Within three (3) Business Days of execution of this Agreement, Buyer shall pay to Seller in immediately available funds to Seller s account set forth herein, the amount of (the Commitment Fee ). The Commitment Fee equals ten percent of the Purchase Price of all Aircraft, and the corresponding pro rata amount per Aircraft shall be credited against the Purchase Price payable by Buyer in respect of such Aircraft at Delivery. The Commitment Fee payment will be comingled with Seller s general funds and is non-refundable except as set forth in Section 3.1(b). 
 (b) A Commitment Fee Return Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
 (i) 
 (ii) and or 
 (iii) 
 each, a Commitment Fee Return Event . 
 (c) Upon the occurrence of a Commitment Fee Return Event in respect of an Aircraft, Engine or Airframe, the pro rata amount of the Commitment Fee in respect of such Aircraft, Airframe or Engine shall be credited by Seller to Buyer s payment of the Purchase Price for the next Aircraft, Airframe or Engine to be delivered to Buyer under this Agreement provided that if the Commitment Fee Return Event is in respect of (i) the Total Loss of an Aircraft or (ii) the final item of Equipment to be delivered under this Agreement, and provided further no default by Buyer under Section 7.2 of this Agreement is continuing, an amount equal to the pro rata portion of the Commitment Fee for the relevant Aircraft or item(s) of Equipment shall be paid by Seller to Buyer (without off-set or deduction), within three (3) Business Days from Buyer s written demand to Seller for the same. In the event that any amount of the Commitment Fee has not been credited to Buyer by Seller after all Aircraft, Airframes and Engines have been delivered to Buyer hereunder as a result of (x) any Airframe or Engine having suffered a Total Loss or (y) any Aircraft not having been delivered to Buyer by the Final Delivery Date due to a Commitment Return Fee Event, provided no default by Buyer under Section 7.2 of this Agreement is continuing, an amount equal to any remaining portion of the Commitment Fee shall be paid by 
 6 

Seller to Buyer (without off-set or deduction) within three (3) Business Days from Buyer s written demand for the same. 
 3.2. Purchase Price Adjustments to Purchase Price . 
 (a) For each Aircraft, the total consideration payable by Buyer to Seller at Delivery for each Aircraft shall be equal to the sum of , as such amounts may be adjusted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (collectively, the Purchase Price ). At Delivery, Buyer shall pay Seller the Purchase Price in respect of the Aircraft delivered (such payable amount, the Delivery Date Payment ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any Aircraft is delivered to Buyer , the Purchase Price of such Aircraft shall be equal to the sum of . Similarly, in the event that , Buyer shall pay Seller . 
 (b) Engine Price Adjustments Subject to Floor Ceiling . 
 (i) Adjustment for Engine Utilization . At Delivery of each Engine, the Parties will multiply the difference (positive or negative) in actual utilization (for each of Flight Hours and Cycles) of such Engine at Delivery from the utilization corresponding to such Engine appearing in Exhibit A by the following amounts 
 (A) and 
 (B) 
 (the foregoing price adjustment, the Utilization Adjustment ). 
 If the sum of the above amounts calculated under (A) and (B) yields a Utilization Adjustment in an amount exceeding (the Utilization Deviation ), then the Purchase Price for the Engine having a Utilization Deviation will be adjusted (increased or decreased) by the Utilization Adjustment amount. 
 (ii) Adjustment for Engine Out of Limits Condition . Following accomplishment of the BSI, should an Engine, other than an Unserviceable Engine, have a condition discrepancy that is in excess of the Engine manufacturer s maintenance manual limits for an installed engine at the applicable thrust level (an Out of Limits Condition ), Seller and Buyer shall negotiate in good faith, each acting reasonably, an adjustment to the Engine Price to account for the third-party cost to repair such discrepancy to a serviceable condition. 
 (iii) Adjustment for Engine Records . If Seller is unable or in its sole discretion elects not to address incomplete Engine Records discovered by Buyer during the Engine Inspection within the agreed time frame and such missing documentation has a material impact on the value of the affected Engine, then Seller and Buyer will, each acting reasonably and in good faith, agree to an equitable adjustment to the Engine Price to account for the material value impact of such incomplete documentation, taking into account the remaining residual value of the Engine in its then-current condition or, if agreed between Buyer and Seller, the Parties will nevertheless proceed to complete the sale and purchase of the Engine(s) and Buyer and Seller will document any such outstanding Engine Records discrepancy(ies) in the Aircraft Acceptance Certificate for the affected Engine(s) and the agreed resolution to the same to be accomplished following Delivery within a timeframe agreed between the Parties. 
 (iv) Adjustment for Engine Configuration. Should Buyer discover during the Engine Inspection that an Engine is not in a demountable configuration as defined in the EMM, then Seller shall, at its sole option, either (A) promptly supply any missing part(s) to Buyer or replacements therefor in a like for like condition, or (B) elect that Seller and Buyer negotiate in good faith, each acting reasonably, an adjustment to the Engine Price 
 7 

to compensate Buyer for such missing parts, such adjustment equaling the value of the missing part in its then-current condition at the time of removal (or good faith estimated time of removal if such removal is not documented). 
 (v) Adjustment for Engine Incident Accident . If an Engine suffers an accident or incident for which an Incident Accident Clearance Statement is not issued prior to Delivery and which the Parties, each acting reasonably and in good faith, agree materially diminishes the value of such Engine in the aftermarket in consideration of Buyer s intended use and the then-current condition of such Engine, the Parties will negotiate in good faith an adjustment to the applicable Engine Price. 
 (vi) Adjustments Subject to Engine Floor Ceiling Price . Notwithstanding any provisions of the foregoing clauses (i) through (v) to the contrary and subject to Section 3.2(c), in no event will the Engine Price be adjusted to an amount below the Engine Floor Price nor above the Engine Ceiling Price. Any adjustment balance remaining after application of any all of the foregoing Engine Price adjustments will expire at Delivery of the item of Equipment to which they apply. Under no circumstances will any adjustment balance remaining after application of any all of the foregoing Engine Price adjustments for an Engine be credited, applied or carried forward to the delivery and or payment against any other item of Equipment. 
 (c) Engine Price Adjustments Not Subject to Engine Floor Price . If following accomplishment of the Engine Inspection an Engine is determined to be BER (but not a Total Loss) (a BER Engine ), in lieu of applying the Engine Price adjustments pursuant to the foregoing clause (b), the Parties will work together in order to arrive at an alternative mutually acceptable solution (which may include a reduction to the Engine Price, which, notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, may be below the Engine Floor Price) that also accounts for the remaining residual value of the Engine and its piece parts in their then-current condition. 
 (d) No Right of Rejection - Engines . The Engine Price adjustments set forth in the foregoing clauses (b) and (c) are Buyer s sole remedy with respect to any discrepant condition discovered during the Engine Inspection. Unless such Engine has suffered a Total Loss, in no event will Buyer have the right to reject any Engine, including a BER Engine, for Delivery and such right is hereby expressly waived. 
 (e) No Airframe Price Adjustment No Right of Rejection Airframes . In no event will the Airframe Price be adjusted for condition. Unless such Airframe has suffered a Total Loss, Buyer shall have no right to reject any Airframe for Delivery and such right is hereby expressly waived. 
 (f) Adjustment for Airframe Incident Accident . If an Airframe suffers an accident or incident for which an Incident Accident Clearance Statement is not issued prior to Delivery and which the Parties, each acting reasonably and in good faith, agree materially diminishes the value of such Airframe in the aftermarket in consideration of Buyer s intended use and the then-current condition of such Airframe, the Parties will negotiate in good faith a commercially reasonable proportional adjustment to the applicable Airframe Price in respect of the value of the affected parts of the Airframe as compared to the Airframe Price as a whole provided that in no event will the Airframe Price be reduced below market scrap value for the Airframe as reasonably determined by the Parties in conjunction with the Delivery Facility. 
 (g) Price Adjustment for Delay . If Delivery of an Aircraft is delayed in excess of days after its Scheduled Delivery Date and the same has not been substituted by Seller by a replacement Aircraft to be delivered on the Scheduled Delivery Date of the delayed Aircraft, commencing at the day following the Scheduled Delivery Date and prior to the application of the foregoing adjustments in clauses (b), (c) and (f) of this Section 3,2, the resultant Purchase Price of such delayed Aircraft shall be reduced by per day to, but excluding, the Delivery Date. 
 8 

3.3. Payment of Storage and Parking Fees . At Delivery of each Aircraft Buyer shall reimburse Seller for of all parking and storage fees for each Aircraft from the date of their arrival at the Delivery Location until Delivery provided that Buyer s reimbursement obligation shall be limited to the period that is prior to and following the Scheduled Delivery Date (with Seller to pay of the remainder except in respect of a delay due to circumstances beyond Seller s control in which case such costs will continue to be shared equally), unless earlier arrival is at Buyer s request or later Delivery is due to a breach by Buyer of its obligations under the Documentation (in which case Buyer pays of the remainder). 
 3.4. Payment Instructions . Buyer s payments due under this Agreement shall be made in Dollars in immediately available funds to the following account (or such other account as Seller may notify Buyer in writing) 
 Bank Name 
 Account Number 
 Account Name 
 ACH Routing # 
 Wire Routing # 
 Address 
 International Only 
 with payment advice to , attention ref Aircraft MSN . 
 4. Inspection Removal of Spirit Branding and Equipment . 
 4.1. Buyer s Inspection of Airframes . Following arrival of the Aircraft at the Delivery Location, Buyer may, at its sole cost and expense, and with reasonable advance notice to Seller to allow for Seller to so witness, perform a visual inspection of the exterior and interior of each Airframe. Such inspection shall not include the opening of any Airframe storage bays or doors, and shall not include the testing of any Aircraft systems unless approved in advance by Seller in writing (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld). 
 4.2. Buyer s Inspection of Engines . Following the arrival of the Aircraft, or the arrival of the relevant Engine (if uninstalled), Buyer may, at its sole cost and expense and with reasonable advance notice to Seller to allow for Seller to so witness, conduct (i) a general visual inventory of the Engine, (ii) a QEC inventory, (iii) verify that the Engine is in a demountable configuration per the IAE manual, and (iv) perform a full front-to-back video borescope inspection, including all hot and cold sections, of such Engine to be conducted in accordance with the manufacturer s Aircraft Maintenance Manual (item (iv) being the BSI , and items (i) through (iv), collectively, the Engine Inspection ). The Engine Price adjustment described in Section 3.2(b) and 3.2(c) is Buyer s sole remedy with respect to any discrepant condition in any Engine discovered during the BSI and in no event will Buyer have the right to reject the Delivery of any such Engine on account of the foregoing. 
 4.3. Review of Aircraft Records . The Aircraft Records listed in Exhibit B shall be provided to Buyer for each Aircraft at Delivery, in all cases, in electronic records format Electronic Records ). Buyer s inspection will be limited to confirming that the Aircraft Records are complete. Any discrepancies noted by Buyer must be reported to Seller in writing prior to Delivery. All available Aircraft Records will be provided for inspection to Buyer promptly following execution of this Agreement and on a continuing basis thereafter (as such Aircraft Records become available) and made available to Buyer in electronic format via Seller s electronic records hosting service and sufficiently in advance of Delivery to allow Buyer adequate time to review such Aircraft Records. Buyer will be responsible at its cost for downloading Aircraft Records for permanent retention. Seller will not be obligated to perform corrective maintenance to address deficiencies or to obtain requested documentation for the purposes of supporting the residual or resale value of the Aircraft or Engines. Seller s only obligation will be to ensure that Aircraft Records are complete as they relate to commercial aircraft operation pursuant to FAA FAR Part 121 regulations applicable to Seller. However, if Buyer determines during its inspection that Aircraft Records are missing and the same are required to be maintained by Seller under Seller s Maintenance Program, then Seller will (i) produce, correct or replace any such 
 9 

missing documentation, or (ii) provide a replacement component, part or other item that addresses such incomplete documentation provided that if the same cannot be accomplished by Seller by the Scheduled Delivery Date, the Parties will nevertheless proceed to complete the sale and purchase of the Aircraft and Buyer and Seller will document any such outstanding documents discrepancy(ies) in the Aircraft Acceptance Certificate for the affected item of Equipment and the agreed resolution to the same to be accomplished following Delivery within a timeframe agreed between the Parties. At Buyer s request, Seller will deliver to Buyer with each Aircraft those Aircraft Records remaining in Seller s possession that are in paper format as the same were maintained by Seller provided that such paper Aircraft Records are supplementary to the Electronic Records only (and Buyer acknowledges such paper Aircraft Records may be incomplete) and (x) the Electronic Records provided by Seller are controlling in respect of Seller s obligations regarding the delivery to Buyer of Aircraft Records under this Agreement, and (y) Seller will have no obligation to supplement, correct or otherwise address any discrepancies, if any, determined to exist in the paper Aircraft Records. 
 4.4. Discrepancy List . Discrepancies in respect of Engine Records will be addressed as provided in Section 3.2(b)(iii). 
 4.5. Removal of Spirit Branding and Equipment . All Spirit Branding and Equipment items listed in Exhibit C shall be removed from the Aircraft and are excluded from being part of the Aircraft at Delivery, whether or not such items are installed in the Aircraft or present at Delivery. At Seller s option, as advised to Buyer prior to Delivery, (i) Seller shall remove all or part of the Spirit Branding and Equipment prior to Delivery, or (ii) Buyer shall remove all or any remaining Spirit Branding and Equipment items within seven (7) days following Delivery in accordance with industry, regulatory and manufacturer standards. If applicable, the Parties shall include the list of outstanding Spirit Branding and Equipment to be removed by Buyer on each Aircraft Acceptance Certificate. To the extent any of the Spirit Branding and Equipment items are removed by Buyer after Delivery, Seller will pay or reimburse Buyer for the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket cost (without markup) charged by the service provider at the Delivery Location that accomplishes the removals. Any interior Spirit Branding and Equipment removed by Buyer following Delivery shall be assembled, suitably packed and safely stored for return shipment to Seller at Seller s cost. Buyer shall in no event market or sell any of the Spirit Branding and Equipment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller may, upon delivery of written notice to Buyer, elect to abandon any item of Spirit Branding and Equipment, in which case title to the same shall, at Delivery of the Aircraft, transfer to Buyer at no cost or charge to either of Buyer or Seller. 
 5. Delivery of Aircraft . 
 5.1. Delivery Condition . 
 (a) Airframes . Each Airframe will be complete as defined in the Airbus delivery AIR (Aircraft Inspection Report) file (other than for Spirit Branded Equipment and Engines which may be removed from the Airframe and, with respect to Spirit Branded Equipment, retained by Seller prior to Delivery), but otherwise, subject to the further provisions of this Agreement, each Airframe will be delivered in AS-IS, WHERE-IS and WITH ALL FAULTS condition, as removed from Seller s U.S. FAR Part 121 commercial passenger revenue service and after completion of the repositioning flight to the Delivery Location. 
 (b) Engines . Each Engine will be delivered in demountable configuration as defined in the EMM, and, except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, in AS-IS, WHERE-IS and WITH ALL FAULTS condition as removed from Seller s U.S. FAR Part 121 commercial passenger revenue service. Seller may deliver any number of Engines in an unserviceable condition, which condition may include being BER. Buyer acknowledges Seller has listed Engines in Exhibit A which are identified as of the date of this Agreement as Run Out or Unserviceable , to be delivered and accepted for delivery by Buyer in their current and run-out unserviceable condition (the Unserviceable Engines ). 
 5.2. Installed Status . For each Aircraft, the Engines may be delivered while uninstalled on an Airframe, provided that, unless an Engine has suffered a Total Loss, each Airframe is, in fact, delivered concurrently with two (2) Engines. For any Engines delivered uninstalled on an Airframe, Buyer will 
 10 

provide suitable engine stands prior to Delivery. Notwithstanding the foregoing and unless otherwise agreed, any Engine delivered to Buyer on Seller s engine stand must be removed and the engine stand returned to Seller within days of Delivery. Buyer shall pay Seller per day for each day beyond such -day period until the engine stand is returned to Seller at the Delivery Location in the same condition as when tendered by Seller at Delivery (normal wear and tear excluded). Engine stands provided by Seller for use by Buyer are agreed between the Parties to be excluded from the transaction and shall remain the property of Seller at all times. The redelivery of an engine stand by Buyer shall occur at Buyer s sole cost and expense and Buyer shall bear the risk of loss or damage to the engine stand until the same is returned to Seller. 
 5.3. Delivery Location . The Delivery Location for each Aircraft shall be the facilities of , or such other location in the contiguous United States agreed between Seller and Buyer (the Delivery Facility in consideration of favorable tax treatment for each of Seller and Buyer and where suitable storage and or maintenance capabilities for the Aircraft are available (the Delivery Location ). Seller shall arrange and pay for all relocation flights and associated flight permits to locate the Aircraft at the Delivery Location prior to Delivery. Payment of parking and storage fees shall be performed in accordance with Section 3.3. From and after the Delivery Date of an Aircraft or Engine, Buyer shall arrange and pay for all parking and storage fees for each Aircraft and Engines. 
 5.4. Delivery Date . The Scheduled Delivery Dates corresponding to each Airframe and Engine appear in Exhibit A, and the Delivery Date will occur after arrival of the Aircraft at the Delivery Location, Inspection, and satisfaction of waiver of all conditions precedent to Delivery. Upon a day advance written notice to Buyer, Seller may defer Delivery by up to days from the Scheduled Delivery Date for its operational convenience (such date being the Deferred Delivery Date ). 
 5.5. Substitution . 
 (a) At any time prior to Delivery, Seller shall have the right in its sole discretion to substitute (i) trimmable horizontal stabilizer actuators Actuators with other Actuators from Seller s inventory or other aircraft in its fleet, and (ii) any Engine with an engine which may or may not be listed in Exhibit A. 
 (b) In the event that an Engine is substituted by an Engine listed in Exhibit A, the Engine Price for such substituted Engine will correspond to the Engine Price for such substitute Engine as listed in Exhibit A. 
 (c) In the event that an Engine is substituted by an engine not listed in Exhibit A, the Engine Price for such engine (the substitute engine being referred to herein as a Substitute Engine will be agreed between Buyer and Seller, each acting reasonably and in good faith, taking into account the good faith estimated difference in commercial market value of the Substitute Engine as compared to the Engine being substituted. Any Substitute Engine will be model engine. 
 (d) The substitution of Actuators by Seller will not cause any price adjustment to the Purchase Price of any Aircraft. 
 5.6. Registration of Aircraft at Delivery . Prior to Delivery of an Aircraft Buyer shall cause a completed and executed FAA Registration Application and such other documentation required for Buyer to register the Aircraft in the United States as owner to be prepositioned with FAA Counsel to be filed concurrently with the Bill of Sale and or FAA Bill of Sale. Prior to Delivery of an Aircraft, Seller shall cause a completed and executed FAA Bill of Sale to be prepositioned with FAA Counsel. 
 5.7. Delivery . 
 (a) Upon satisfaction or waiver of the Seller Conditions Precedent and the Buyer Conditions Precedent for an Aircraft, Buyer shall pay the Purchase Price and deliver the Aircraft 
 11 

Acceptance Certificate, and Seller shall execute and concurrently deliver to Buyer the Warranty Bill of Sale, whereupon title and risk of loss to the relevant Aircraft shall transfer to Buyer. 
 (b) For each Delivery, upon title transfer, neither Buyer nor Seller shall have any further obligation or liability to the other in respect of the applicable Aircraft, and the terms and conditions of the Agreement in respect of such Aircraft shall automatically terminate and have no force and effect except for with respect to this subsection, Section 11.3 Non-Waiver ), Section 11.6 Governing Law and Jurisdiction ), Section 11.10 Transaction Costs ), Section 11.12 Confidentiality ), Section 11.13 Third-party Beneficiaries and Section 11.14 Limitation of Liability ), and in each case of the foregoing any provisions of this Agreement required to give meaning to the aforementioned sections (the Surviving Provisions ). 
 6. Conditions Precedent . 
 6.1. Seller s Conditions Precedent to Sell . The obligation of Seller to transfer title of each Aircraft to Buyer on its Delivery Date is subject to satisfaction of the conditions precedent listed in this Section 6.1, on or prior to such Delivery Date (and in any event, prior to the Final Delivery Date) with respect to each Aircraft to be delivered at such Delivery. The following conditions precedent are for the sole benefit of Seller (collectively, the Seller Conditions Precedent and may only be waived, in whole or in part, and with or without condition, by Seller 
 (a) the representations and warranties of Buyer hereunder shall be true and accurate in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and the Delivery Date with respect to each Aircraft (unless any such representation and warranty shall have been made with reference to a specified date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and accurate as of such specified date) 
 (b) no change shall have occurred after the date of execution of this Agreement in any applicable Law that makes it a violation of Law for Buyer or Seller to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under the Agreement 
 (c) in respect of Buyer, no action or proceeding shall have been instituted, nor shall any action be threatened in writing, before any Government Entity, nor shall any order, judgment, or decree have been issued or proposed to be issued by any Government Entity, to set aside, restrain, enjoin, or prevent the completion and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby 
 (d) all appropriate action required to have been taken by Buyer prior to the Delivery Date with respect to each Aircraft applicable to such Delivery by the FAA, or any governmental or political agency, subdivision or instrumentality of the United States, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with respect to each such Aircraft shall have been taken, and all orders, permits, waivers, authorizations, exemptions, and approvals of such entities required to be in effect on the Delivery Date with respect to each Aircraft applicable to such Delivery in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with respect to such Aircraft shall have been issued and 
 (e) for each Aircraft, Buyer shall have delivered, or cause to be delivered, to Seller (or its designee) or, if applicable, to FAA Counsel, the following with respect to each Aircraft applicable to such Delivery 
 (i) duly executed counterpart signatures from Buyer of this Agreement 
 (ii) payment of the Delivery Date Payment 
 (iii) Buyer will have provided Seller with written evidence of appropriate action duly certifying that all of Buyer s representations and warranties given in the Transaction Documents are true and correct as of the Delivery Date (unless any such 
 12 

representation and warranty shall have been made with reference to a specified date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and accurate as of such specified date) and authorizing the performance by Buyer of its obligations in respect of this Agreement and other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, together with an incumbency certificate as to the Person or Persons authorized to execute and deliver Transaction Documents (to which it is a party) on behalf of Buyer in connection therewith 
 (iv) there has not been any bankruptcy case or bankruptcy proceeding commenced by or against Buyer 
 (v) a certificate of insurance satisfactory to Seller evidencing the insurance required under this Agreement 
 (vi) duly executed and complete copy from Buyer of a tax exemption certificate Form 5000AC from the State of Arizona or the state of any other Delivery Location agreed between the Parties 
 (vii) duly executed copy from Buyer of the Aircraft Acceptance Certificate 
 (viii) completed Know Your Customer documentation evidencing the ownership structure and percentages of Buyer, related organization structure of Buyer and Affiliates, and customary representations of Buyer to ensure Seller s compliance with applicable Laws, including a compliance certification statement in the form appearing in Exhibit I 
 (ix) confirmation from FAA Counsel that all documents necessary to appropriately record the sale, purchase and registration of the Aircraft with Buyer have been received, reviewed, and prepositioned with the FAA for filing and 
 (x) consents from Buyer necessary to permit all relevant registrations on the International Registry to be made by FAA Counsel immediately following the delivery of the Bill of Sale by Seller to Buyer to reflect the interests of Buyer in and to each applicable Airframe and Engine. 
 6.2. Buyer s Conditions Precedent to Purchase Waiver . The obligation of Buyer to purchase each Aircraft on its Delivery Date is subject to satisfaction of the following express conditions precedent listed in this Section 6.2, on or prior to such Delivery Date with respect to each Aircraft to be delivered at such Delivery. The following conditions precedent are for the sole benefit of Buyer (collectively, the Buyer Conditions Precedent and may only be waived, in whole or in part, and with or without conditions, by Buyer 
 (a) the representations and warranties of Seller hereunder shall be true and accurate in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and the Delivery Date with respect to each Aircraft (unless any such representation and warranty shall have been made with reference to a specified date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and accurate in all material respects as of such specified date) 
 (b) Buyer and its representatives shall have had the opportunity to conduct the inspections described in Section 4 of this Agreement 
 (c) no change shall have occurred after the date of execution of this Agreement in any applicable Law that makes it a violation of Law for Buyer or Seller to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under the Agreement 
 (d) in respect of Seller, no action or proceeding shall have been instituted, nor shall any action be threatened in writing, before any Government Entity, nor shall any order, judgment, 
 13 

or decree have been issued or proposed to be issued by any Government Entity, to set aside, restrain, enjoin, or prevent the completion and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby 
 (e) all appropriate action required to have been taken by Seller prior to the Delivery Date with respect to the Aircraft by the FAA, or any governmental or political agency, subdivision or instrumentality of the United States, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement shall have been taken, and all orders, permits, waivers, authorizations, exemptions, and approvals of such entities required to be in effect on the Delivery Date with respect to each Aircraft applicable to such Delivery in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with respect to such Aircraft shall have been issued 
 (f) there has not been any bankruptcy case or bankruptcy proceeding commenced by or against Seller 
 (g) For each Aircraft, Seller shall have delivered, or cause to be delivered, to Buyer (or its designee) or, if applicable, to FAA Counsel, the following with respect to each Aircraft applicable to such Delivery 
 (i) confirmation that each applicable Aircraft is at the Delivery Location 
 (ii) duly executed counterpart signatures from Seller of this Agreement 
 (iii) Seller will have provided Buyer with written evidence of appropriate action duly certifying that all of Seller s representations and warranties given in the Transaction Documents are true and correct as of the Delivery Date (unless any such representation and warranty shall have been made with reference to a specified date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and accurate as of such specified date) and authorizing the performance by Seller of its obligations in respect of this Agreement and other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, together with an incumbency certificate as to the Person or Persons authorized to execute and deliver Transaction Documents (to which it is a party) on behalf of Seller in connection therewith 
 (iv) an itemized commercial invoice in the amount of Commitment Fee, Delivery Date Payment, Purchase Price, and any adjustments to the Purchase Price pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and as agreed between the Parties 
 (v) a title memo prepared by FAA Counsel based upon searches conducted at the FAA and on the International Registry showing that the applicable Aircraft shall be, at the time of Delivery, free and clear from any and all Liens 
 (vi) correct and duly executed (by the Seller) originals (which may be signed via DocuSign) of the Bill of Sale 
 (vii) confirmation from FAA Counsel that it has received correct and duly executed (by Seller) originals (which may be signed via DocuSign) of the FAA Bills of Sale and that the same have been reviewed by FAA Counsel and prepositioned with the FAA for filing 
 (viii) consents from Seller necessary to permit all relevant International Interests to immediately be made on the International Registry following the delivery of the Bill of Sale by Seller to Buyer for such applicable Aircraft and Engines and 
 (ix) confirmation from the Delivery Facility that it does not have a Lien over the Aircraft arising or relating to any period prior to Delivery. 
 14 

7. Events of Default Termination . 
 7.1. Default of Seller . 
 (a) With respect to one or more Aircraft, the occurrence of one or more of the following events shall constitute a default by Seller hereunder 
 (i) Seller s failure to consummate the Delivery of any Aircraft when required to do so in accordance with all applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement with respect to such Aircraft 
 (ii) in respect of any Aircraft, any of the Buyer Conditions Precedent are not satisfied (or waived by Buyer in its sole and absolute discretion) by the Scheduled Delivery Date (or, if applicable, the Deferred Delivery Date) with respect to any Aircraft, Airframe or Engine and such failure is not due to or arising from a breach by Buyer of its obligations under this Agreement, including its failure to satisfy any of the Seller Conditions Precedent or 
 (iii) (A) any failure by Seller to observe or perform any of its other material obligations under this Agreement and such failure continues for days after written notice thereof is delivered to Seller from Buyer (provided that if the same is not capable of being cured within such day period, subject to Seller having commenced good faith efforts to cure the same, the material breach has thereafter not been cured within days following receipt of Buyer s written notice), or (B) the occurrence of a Seller Habitual Breach (each of which shall be deemed to be a material breach of this Agreement), a Seller Habitual Breach being defined as a default by Seller of the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii) more than before Delivery of the final item of Equipment under this Agreement. 
 (b) If any such default under 7.1(a), clauses (i) or (ii), should occur, then Buyer shall be entitled, in each case at Buyer s sole discretion so long as such default is then continuing, to elect one or more of the following in respect of such Aircraft subject to the default, exercisable by delivering written notice to Seller (i) suspend performance under this Agreement with respect to such Aircraft, (ii) terminate this Agreement immediately with respect to such Aircraft, (iii) exercise any other rights and remedies available to Buyer at Law, subject to the limitations of liability set forth herein provided, however, that Buyer shall not have any right of termination under this Section 7.1 if Buyer is in default under Section 7.2 and so long as such default remains uncured. Notwithstanding any suspension of performance or termination of this Agreement by Buyer under the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.1(b), Buyer shall nevertheless remain obligated to strictly comply with all remaining obligations under this Agreement with respect to any Aircraft remaining to be delivered. 
 7.2. Default of Buyer . 
 (a) With respect to one or more Aircraft, the occurrence of one or more of the following events shall constitute a default by Buyer hereunder. 
 (i) Buyer s failure to timely pay the Commitment Fee in accordance with 3.1(a) or 
 (ii) Buyer s failure to consummate the Delivery of any Aircraft when required to do so in accordance with all applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement with respect to the applicable Aircraft 
 (iii) in respect of any Aircraft, any of the Seller Conditions Precedent are not satisfied (or waived by Seller in its sole and absolute discretion) by the Scheduled Delivery Date (or, if applicable, the Deferred Delivery Date) and provided that such 
 15 

failure is not due to or arising from a breach by Seller of its obligations under this Agreement, including its failure to satisfy any of the Buyer Conditions Precedent or 
 (iv) (A) any failure by Buyer to observe or perform any of its other material obligations under this Agreement and such failure continues for days after written notice thereof is delivered to Buyer from Seller (provided that if the same is not capable of being cured within such day period, subject to Buyer having commenced good faith efforts to cure the same, the material breach has thereafter not been cured within days following receipt of Seller s written notice), or (B) the occurrence of a Buyer Habitual Breach (each of which shall be deemed to be a material breach of this Agreement), a Buyer Habitual Breach being defined as a default by Buyer of the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) more than before Delivery of the final item of Equipment under this Agreement. 
 (b) If any such default under 7.2(a), clauses (i) through (iii), should occur, then Seller shall be entitled, in each case at Seller s sole discretion so long as such default is then continuing, to elect one or more of the following in respect of such Aircraft subject to the default, exercisable by delivering written notice to Buyer (i) suspend performance under this Agreement with respect to such Aircraft, (ii) terminate this Agreement immediately with respect to such Aircraft, (iii) exercise any other rights and remedies available to Seller at Law, subject to the limitations of liability set forth herein provided, however, that Seller shall not have any right of termination under this Section 7.2 if Seller is in default under Section 7.1 and so long as such default remains uncured. Notwithstanding any suspension of performance or termination of this Agreement by Seller under the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.2(b), Seller shall nevertheless remain obligated to strictly comply with all remaining obligations under this Agreement with respect to any Aircraft remaining to be delivered. 
 (c) In the event of a valid termination of this Agreement with respect to one or more Aircraft under this Section 7.2, the Commitment Fee applicable to each of the Aircraft (or, as applicable, item of Equipment) subject to such termination shall be deemed fully earned by Seller, not as a penalty, but as an element of liquidated damages for the loss of a bargain, without further obligation to account for or credit any amount of the same to Buyer. 
 7.3. Additional Grounds for Termination . 
 (a) In addition to any termination for default provided in the foregoing Sections 7.1 and 7.2, this Agreement may be terminated with respect to any Aircraft, Airframe or Engine at any time prior to the Final Delivery Date as follows 
 (i) upon delivery of written notice from either Buyer or Seller following the occurrence of a Total Loss of such Aircraft, Airframe or Engine or 
 (ii) at the written election of either Party, if the Final Delivery Date has occurred, but the Delivery with respect to such Aircraft has not yet occurred (provided that a Party shall not be entitled to exercise the termination rights under this clause if it is in default under Section 7.1 or Section 7.2, as the case may be) 
 (b) This Agreement may be terminated in its entirety at any time prior to the Final Delivery Date as follows 
 (i) upon the occurrence of a material breach of this Agreement by either Party (at the written election of the non-breaching Party) pursuant to (A) in respect of a termination by Buyer for a Seller default under Section 7.1(a)(iii) and, (B) in respect of a termination by Seller for a Buyer default under Section 7.2(a)(iv) 
 (ii) by Seller, at any time upon delivery of written notice to Buyer, if Seller determines or receives written notice from a Government Entity that Buyer is in violation 
 16 

of any Trade Laws (as such term is defined in the compliance certification statement in the form appearing in Exhibit I) or 
 (iii) if at any time there is a change in any applicable Law that makes completion of the transactions contemplated hereby illegal or otherwise restrained, enjoined, or prohibited, or if completion of the transactions contemplated hereby would violate any executive action, final order, decree, or judgment of any court or Government Entity having competent jurisdiction binding upon (x) Seller which renders, or which will render, it unlawful for Seller to perform any of its obligations or to exercise any of its rights under the Agreement (a Seller Illegality Event or (y) Buyer which renders, or which will render, it unlawful for Buyer to perform any of its obligations or to exercise any of its rights under the Agreement (a Buyer Illegality Event (together with Seller Illegality Event, an Illegality Event ), Seller and Buyer shall, for a period of ninety (90) days from the date Seller or Buyer becomes aware that an Illegality Event will arise or has arisen, or such shorter period ending on the Business Day prior to the date on which such Illegality Event takes place, negotiate in good faith and take all commercially reasonable steps which are available to mitigate the effects of such Illegality Event, with a view to restructuring the transaction in a manner such that the selling of any Aircraft to Buyer may continue on the same commercial terms as under this Agreement, including, without limitation, by way of amendment, novation or restatement, each at their own respective cost. If Seller and Buyer are unable to restructure the Agreement so as to permit the Agreement and the transactions herein contemplated to continue in full force and effect, either Seller or Buyer may by notice in writing to the other terminate the Agreement with respect to any Aircraft, such termination to take effect on the date provided in the notice. 
 7.4. Effect of Termination . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (a) the Surviving Provisions shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and (b) the termination of this Agreement will not relieve any Party from (i) any liability for any default by such Party under Section 7 occurring prior to termination, or (ii) fraud provided however, that nothing in this Section 7.4 will limit Section 11.14 of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each right of termination hereunder shall only be with respect to Aircraft for which a Delivery has not yet occurred. 
 8. Representations and Warranties of Seller and Buyer . 
 8.1. Seller Representations and Warranties . Seller represents and warrants to Buyer that the following statements are as of the date hereof and at each Delivery true and accurate 
 (a) it is duly organized and validly existing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of formation and has the power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted and to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a Party 
 (b) each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a Party has been (or will be, when executed) duly authorized, entered into and delivered by it and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of it enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar Laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally) 
 (c) neither the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which it is a Party, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby nor compliance by it with any of the terms and provisions thereof will contravene any Law applicable to it or result in any breach of, or constitute a default under any indenture, mortgage, chattel mortgage, deed of trust, conditional sales contract, bank loan or credit agreement, partnership agreement, or other agreement or instrument to which it is a Party or by which it or its properties or assets are bound or affected 
 (d) neither the execution, delivery or performance by it of the Transaction Documents to which it is a Party, nor the consummation by it of any of the transactions 
 17 

contemplated thereby, will require the consent or approval of, the giving of notice to, or the taking of any other action in respect of, the shareholders, or the trustee or holder of any indebtedness of it, except such as have been or will be obtained or effected, each of which approvals, consents and waivers shall be in full force and effect on the Delivery Date and 
 (e) on each Delivery Date Seller will have good, marketable and full title in and to the relevant Aircraft, free and clear of any Liens over such Aircraft other than Liens that will be discharged prior to Delivery, and at Delivery Seller shall convey to Buyer full legal and beneficial title to the Aircraft free and clear of any Liens. 
 8.2. Buyer Representations, Warranties and Covenants . Buyer represents and warrants to Seller that the following statements are as of the date hereof and at each Delivery true and accurate 
 (a) it is duly organized and validly existing under the Laws of its state of organization and has the power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted and to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a Party 
 (b) each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a Party has been (or will be, when executed) duly authorized, entered into and delivered by Buyer and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Buyer enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms (subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar Laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally) 
 (c) neither the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which it is a Party, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby nor compliance by it with any of the terms and provisions thereof will contravene any Law applicable to it or result in any breach of, or constitute a default under any indenture, mortgage, chattel mortgage, deed of trust, conditional sales contract, bank loan or credit agreement, corporate charter or by-laws, or other agreement or instrument to which it is a Party or by which its or its properties or assets are bound or affected 
 (d) neither the execution, delivery or performance by it of the Transaction Documents to which it is a Party, nor the consummation by it of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, will require the consent or approval of, the giving of notice to, or the taking of any other action in respect of, the members, or the trustee or holder of any indebtedness of Buyer, except such as have been or will be obtained or effected, each of which approvals, consents and waivers shall be in full force and effect on the Delivery Date and 
 (e) there are no suits, actions, arbitration proceedings or claims pending or, to the knowledge of Buyer, threatened against Buyer arising out of or in connection with the Transaction Documents before or by any Government Entity. 
 8.3. Disclaimers . 
 (a) EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE BILL OF SALE WITH RESPECT TO AN AIRCRAFT, AND WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE RIGHTS OR REMEDIES OF BUYER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, EACH AIRCRAFT IS BEING SOLD ON ITS RESPECTIVE DELIVERY DATE TO BUYER IN AS IS , WHERE IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS CONDITION WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTEE OR WARRANTY OF THE SELLER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND, ARISING BY LAW OR OTHERWISE AS TO THE CONDITION THEREOF AND 
 (b) WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF SECTION 8.3(a), BUYER UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT EACH AIRCRAFT, AND EACH PART THEREOF ARE TO BE SOLD AND PURCHASED IN AN AS IS , WHERE IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS CONDITION AS AT THE RELEVANT DELIVERY DATE APPLICABLE THERETO, AND NO TERM, CONDITION, WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR 
 18 

COVENANT OF ANY KIND HAS BEEN ACCEPTED, MADE OR IS GIVEN BY SELLER, IN RESPECT OF THE AIRWORTHINESS, VALUE, QUALITY, DURABILITY, TITLE (EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE APPLICABLE BILL OF SALE), CONDITION, DESIGN, OPERATION, DESCRIPTION, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR USE OR PURPOSE OF THE AIRCRAFT, ANY IN-SCOPE ENGINE OR ANY PART THEREOF, AS TO THE ABSENCE OF LATENT, INHERENT OR OTHER DEFECTS (WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE), AS TO THE ACCURACY, VALIDITY, TRACEABILITY, COMPLETENESS OR CONDITION OF THE AIRCRAFT RECORDS, OR AS TO THE ABSENCE OF ANY INFRINGEMENT OF ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, DESIGN, OR OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND ALL CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS (OR OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY, IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT) IN RELATION TO ANY OF THOSE MATTERS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED. 
 (c) EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF AN AIRCRAFT ACCEPTANCE CERTIFICATE BY BUYER TO SELLER SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE PROOF THAT THE AIRCRAFT AND EACH PART THEREOF DESCRIBED IN SUCH AIRCRAFT ACCEPTANCE CERTIFICATE ARE IN EVERY WAY SATISFACTORY TO BUYER AND HAVE BEEN ACCEPTED BY BUYER FOR ALL PURPOSES OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
 (d) DISCLAIMER OF APPLICATION OF C.I.S.G. THE PARTIES HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM THE APPLICATION OF THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. 
 8.4. Waivers . 
 (a) BUYER AGREES THAT IT SHALL NOT BE ENTITLED TO RECEIVE AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS AND WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO RECOVER OR SEEK TO RECOVER FROM SELLER PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM MADE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. 
 (b) BUYER HEREBY AGREES THAT ITS ACCEPTANCE OF THE AIRCRAFT AT DELIVERY AND ITS EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THE AIRCRAFT ACCEPTANCE CERTIFICATE IN RESPECT OF EACH AIRCRAFT CONSTITUTE BUYER S WAIVER OF ANY WARRANTY OF DESCRIPTION, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND ANY CLAIMS BUYER MAY HAVE AGAINST SELLER OR ANY PARTY ACTING FOR OR ON BEHALF OF SELLER BASED UPON THE FAILURE OF THE AIRCRAFT TO CONFORM WITH SUCH DESCRIPTION. 
 (c) DELIVERY BY BUYER TO SELLER OF THE AIRCRAFT ACCEPTANCE CERTIFICATE IN RESPECT OF EACH AIRCRAFT WILL BE CONCLUSIVE PROOF AS BETWEEN SELLER, ON THE ONE HAND, AND BUYER, ON THE OTHER HAND, THAT BUYER S TECHNICAL EXPERTS HAVE EXAMINED AND INVESTIGATED EACH AIRCRAFT (INCLUDING THE ENGINES) AND HAVE UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTED SUCH AIRCRAFT. 
 9. Insurance . 
 9.1. For the period commencing on the Delivery Date of an item of Equipment and ending on the earlier of (a) following the Delivery Date of such item of Equipment and (b) the date that such item of Equipment is permanently disassembled into pieces parts and, in respect of Engines, will not be reassembled as a whole engine (the Insurance Period ), Buyer will carry or cause to be carried and maintained, comprehensive airline legal liability insurance, including but not limited to third party, passenger, baggage, cargo, mail and products liability insurance including without limitation, war risk and allied perils, in an amount of not less than . Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any period of the Insurance Period that any such item of Equipment is in storage and not being operated, Buyer may 
 19 

maintain (or cause to be maintained) with respect to such item of Equipment and only for such period of the Insurance Period that the item of Equipment is in storage and not being operated, comprehensive aviation liability insurance (including, but not limited to, contractual liability and products liability) in an amount not less than . 
 9.2. All policies carried in accordance with Section 9.1 and any policies taken out in substitution or replacement for any such policies, (i) shall include the Seller Parties as additional insureds, (but without imposing on any such party liability to pay premiums with respect to such insurance), (ii) shall be maintained with insurers of recognized standing and normally participating in the leading international commercial aviation insurance markets (through reinsurance, if necessary) and reasonably acceptable to Seller, (iii) shall provide that if the insurers cancel such insurance for any reason, or if the same is allowed to lapse for non-payment of premium or if any material change is made in the insurance which adversely affects the interest of the Seller Parties, such lapse, cancellation or change shall not be effective as to the Seller Parties and each of them for thirty days (seven days in the case of war risk and allied perils coverage) after written notice by such insurers of such lapse, cancellation or change, provided, however, that if any notice period specified above is not reasonably obtainable, such policies shall provide for as long a period of prior notice as shall then be reasonably obtainable, (iv) shall expressly provide that all of the provisions thereof, except the limits of liability, shall operate in the same manner as if there were separate policy covering each insured, (v) provide that the insurers will waive any right to any setoff, recoupment, subrogation or counterclaim or any other deduction, by attachment or otherwise, and (vi) be primary and without right of contribution from any insurance which may be carried by the Seller Parties and any of them. 
 9.3. On or before the Delivery Date for each Aircraft, Buyer shall provide to Seller a certificate of insurance and letter of undertaking evidencing the coverage required pursuant to this Section 9 and shall provide to Seller, as applicable, an updated certificate of insurance and letter of undertaking upon each renewal or replacement of the coverage required pursuant to this Section 9. 
 10. Taxes . 
 10.1. Diligence . Each Party is responsible for researching its own tax position in relation to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, at its own cost and for its sole benefit. 
 10.2. Tax Indemnity . Buyer shall, on an after-tax basis, pay, indemnify and hold the Seller and its Affiliates harmless from all sales, use, personal property, ad valorem, value added, stamp, or other taxes and fees, withholdings, imposts, levies, customs or other duties, charges, monetary transfer fees, or governmental withholdings, together with any penalties, fines, or interest thereon, imposed, levied, or assessed against or upon any of the Seller and its Affiliates or any of the assets being transferred hereby or any Lien or any interest therein by any Government Entity (any or all of the foregoing being referred to hereinafter as Taxes as a result of the sale, Delivery, or transfer of title to each item of Equipment to the Buyer hereunder, other than (i) Taxes imposed on the overall income, profits or gains, gross receipts, capital gains or conduct of business of Seller in respect of the sale of the Aircraft to Buyer (ii) Taxes to the extent imposed as result of Seller s failure to comply with this Agreement or non-performance in relation to any applicable Laws governing Seller s obligations under this Agreement (iii) Taxes imposed, levied or assessed by any Government Entity to the extent arising out of or in connection with the ownership, import, export, possession, operation, use, maintenance, return, or storage of the Aircraft or any item of Equipment prior to the Delivery Date, except any Taxes arising out of or in connection with the sale and purchase of the items of Equipment hereunder, or (iv) Taxes to the extent arising as a result of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of a Seller or its Affiliates or resulting from any inaccuracy of any representation or warranty given by Seller in any Transaction Document. 
 10.3. Cooperation . The Parties shall reasonably cooperate to deliver to each other such certifications and other documents as may be reasonably requested in order to avail themselves of any applicable exemption from Taxes. 
 10.4. If any Taxes are levied on any of the Seller or Seller s Affiliates which are payable by the Buyer pursuant to Section 10.2, or any of Seller or Seller s Affiliates are required by Law or otherwise to pay any such Taxes, in the first instance, or as a result of the Buyer s failure to comply with, or non- 
 20 

performance in relation to, any applicable Laws or regulations governing the payment by the Buyer, the Buyer shall reimburse to the Seller and or its Affiliates the full amount thereof within fifteen (15) Business Days after receipt from the Seller of any written request for such reimbursement, accompanied by original receipts or other sufficient evidence of payment of such Taxes. 
 10.5. If a claim is made against Seller or its Affiliates for Taxes with respect to which Buyer is liable for a payment or indemnity under this Agreement, Seller will promptly give Buyer notice in writing of such claim provided, however, that Seller s failure to give notice will not relieve Buyer of its obligations hereunder except to the extent (x) such failure precludes Buyer s ability to contest the claim, or (y) of any increase in liability to Buyer. So long as (a) Buyer has provided Seller with an opinion of independent and reputable tax counsel that a reasonable basis exists for contesting such claim and adequate reserves have been made for such Taxes or, if required, an adequate bond has been posted, and (b) such contest does not impose any risk on Seller or its Affiliates of civil or criminal liability, then Seller and or its Affiliates at Buyer s written request will in good faith, with due diligence and at Buyer s expense, contest (or permit Buyer to contest in the name of Buyer or Seller and or its Affiliates through counsel reasonably acceptable to Seller) the validity, applicability or amount of such Taxes. Within fifteen (15) Business Days following receipt by Seller and or its Affiliates of a refund of all or any part of any Taxes which Buyer has paid, Seller and or its Affiliates will pay to Buyer the net amount of such Taxes refunded. 
 11. Miscellaneous . 
 11.1. Entire Agreement, Amendment, and Installment Contract . This Agreement (including all Exhibits) is the final and complete expression of the Parties agreement and understanding with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersedes any other agreements, representations, warranties, covenants, communications, or understandings, whether oral or written (including e-mail and other electronic correspondence), that may have been made or entered into by or among any of the Parties or any of their respective Affiliates or agents relating in any way to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed by or on behalf of each Party. The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is an installment contract, and accordingly (except in connection with a termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.3(b)), the inability or failure of the Delivery of any Aircraft, Airframe, or Engine, will not relieve the obligation of the Seller to sell, and the Buyer to buy, the remaining Aircraft, Airframes, or Engines. 
 11.2. No Obligation of Financing . Buyer s obligation to pay the Purchase Price and to accept Delivery of the Aircraft, Airframes, or Engines, is not subject to any condition of financing including any ability of the Buyer to obtain financing. 
 11.3. Non-Waiver . Any of the terms, covenants, or conditions hereof may be waived only by a written instrument executed by or on behalf of the Party hereto waiving compliance. No course of dealing on the part of any Party hereto, or its respective officers, employees, agents, accountants, attorneys, investment bankers, consultants, or other authorized representatives, nor any failure by a Party hereto to exercise any of its rights under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof or affect in any way the right of such Party at a later time to enforce the performance of such provision. No waiver by any Party hereto of any condition, or any breach of any term or covenant contained in this Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such condition or breach or a waiver of any other condition or of any breach of any other term or covenant. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the rights of the Parties hereto under this Agreement shall be cumulative, and the exercise or partial exercise of any such right shall not preclude the exercise of any other right. 
 11.4. Severability . In the event that any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any Party shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable under any applicable Law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it is invalid or unenforceable and the remainder of this Agreement, and the application of any such invalid or unenforceable provision to the Parties, jurisdictions or circumstances other than to whom or to which it is held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby nor shall the same affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement. 
 21 

11.5. Notices . Any notice, request or information required or permissible under this Agreement will be in writing and in the English language. Notices must be delivered in person or sent by fax or by expedited delivery addressed to the Parties as set forth below, with a copy sent by e-mail. In the case of a fax, notice will be deemed received on the date set forth on the confirmation of receipt produced by the sender s fax machine immediately after the fax is sent. In the case of a notice sent by expedited delivery, notice will be deemed received on the date of delivery set forth in the records of the Person which accomplished the delivery. If any notice is sent by more than one of the above listed methods, notice will be deemed received on the earliest possible date in accordance with the above provisions. 
 (a) Seller 
 Spirit Airlines, Inc. 
 2800 Executive Way 
 Miramar, Florida 33025 USA 
 Attention Legal Department 
 Fax 
 Telephone 
 E mail 
 Spirit Airlines, Inc. 
 2800 Executive Way 
 Miramar, Florida 33025 USA 
 Attention Treasury Department 
 Fax 
 Telephone 
 E mail 
 (b) Gryphon Trading Company, LLC 
 101 NE 3rd Ave. 
 Suite 610 
 Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
 Attention Ben Rosenbaum 
 Telephone 
 E mail 
 Gryphon Trading Company, LLC 
 101 NE 3rd Ave. 
 Suite 610 
 Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
 Attention Steven Patch 
 Telephone 
 E mail 
 11.6. Governing Law & Jurisdiction . 
 (a) This Agreement and all ancillary agreements and documents relating hereto (including without limitation any Aircraft Acceptance Certificate, FAA Bill of Sale and Bill of Sale hereunder), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of New York, including all matters of construction, validity, and performance, without reference to principles of conflicts of Law other than sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York general obligations Law. 
 (b) The Parties irrevocably agree that the state and federal courts located in the Borough of Manhattan, City, and State of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises out of or in connection with this Agreement (including any non-contractual disputes or claims in connection herewith or therewith). 
 22 

(c) Each party hereto waives objection to such courts on the grounds of inconvenient forum, venue or otherwise as regards proceedings in connection with this Agreement and other documents related hereto and agrees that (subject to permitted appeals) a judgment or order of such a court in connection with this Agreement or the other documents related hereto is conclusive and binding on it and may be enforced against it in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
 11.7. Waiver of Jury Trial . Each Party, to the extent permitted by Law, knowingly, voluntarily, and intentionally waives its right to a trial by jury in any action or other legal proceeding for matters, contractual, tortious, or otherwise, arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 11.8. Further Assurances . Each Party hereto will promptly and duly execute and deliver such further documents to make such further assurances for and take such further action reasonably requested by any Party to whom such first Party is obligated, all as may be reasonably necessary to carry out more effectively the intent and purpose of this Agreement. 
 11.9. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of original, electronic or pdf counterparts and by any Party hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
 11.10. Transaction Costs . Each Party shall bear its own costs and expenses (including attorney s fees) in relation to the negotiation and documentation of, and consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and any other ancillary documents or agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. In respect of the sale of each Aircraft, Seller and Buyer will share equally in the costs of FAA Counsel in the filing and registration of the sale of the Aircraft on the FAA s Civil Aviation Registry and on the International Registry, as applicable. 
 11.11. Assignment, Successors and Assigns . Neither Seller nor Buyer shall assign or transfer all or any of its rights and or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, which may be withheld, conditioned, or delayed in such other Party s sole and absolute discretion provided that, no assignment will relieve the assigning Party of any of its rights or obligations and provided further, however, that Buyer may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement to any of its Affiliates. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Parties and any successors, assigns, and in each case permitted hereunder, to the original Parties to this Agreement. 
 11.12. Confidentiality . The terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the existence of this Agreement, and the terms and conditions of the Seller s Maintenance Program are acknowledged by the Parties to be confidential. This Agreement and all non-public information obtained by either Party about the other in connection with this Agreement are confidential and are between Seller and Buyer only and will not be disclosed by a Party to third parties (other than to Seller s and Buyer s auditors, accountants or legal advisors, consultants and each of their respective employees, but in all cases only on a need to know basis and subject to the recipient s acknowledgment of the disclosure limitations set forth herein in connection with Buyer s financing of the Aircraft as required for enforcement by either Party of its rights and remedies with respect to this Agreement or as required by applicable Law or order of court or administrative agency or any other governmental authority having jurisdiction over the transactions governed by this Agreement) without the prior written consent of the other Party and which disclosure will be made subject to the restrictions contained herein. If any disclosure will result in this Agreement or any other document or information exchanged in connection with this Agreement becoming publicly available, Seller and Buyer will cooperate with one another to obtain confidential treatment as to the commercial terms and other material provisions of the same. 
 11.13. Third-party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is not intended to and shall not provide any Person not a Party hereto with any rights, of any nature whatsoever, against any of the Parties hereto, and no Person or entity not a Party hereto shall have any right, power, privilege, benefit, or interest arising out of this Agreement. 
 23 

11.14. Limitation of Liability . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no Party shall be liable to the other Party under this Agreement for any exemplary, special, punitive, indirect, remote, speculative, incidental, or consequential damages of any kind (including, but not limited to, lost profits, loss of sales, loss of revenue or loss of opportunity), in each case whether in tort (including negligence or gross negligence), strict liability, by contract, statute or otherwise, even if a Party has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 
 11.15. Force Majeure . Seller shall not be liable for any failure of or delay in the Delivery of the Aircraft at the Delivery Location, or in any other obligation hereunder for the period that such failure or delay is due to acts of God or the public enemy war, insurrection or riots fires, governmental actions strikes or labor disputes pandemic, epidemic, or quarantine mandate inability to obtain materials, accessories, or parts from the vendors or any other cause beyond a Seller s reasonable control. Upon the occurrence of any such event, the time required for performance by the Seller of its obligations arising under this Agreement shall be extended by a period equal to the duration of such event. In the event that such extension continues for more than one hundred and eighty (180) days (and in any event, not past the Final Delivery Date), then either Party may terminate this Agreement in respect of the purchase and sale of the Aircraft subject to such delay. 
 11.16. Engine Lease & Parts Flexibility . Buyer agrees to make available for lease to Seller, on a non-exclusive basis and for a mutually agreed lease term, Engines at the rate of per day plus use fees of per Flight Hour and the Cycle Rate per Cycle of operation, without minimums, to support Spirit s continuing operational needs. Leases will be pursuant to documentation and terms otherwise agreed between the Parties and as are otherwise customary for airlines comparable to Seller. Further, Spirit and Buyer will work together to permit Spirit to borrow parts at preferred rates and terms, as and when requested, to help in Spirit s operational needs. 
 11.17. Seller s Maintenance Program . Subject at all times to Section 11.12, upon Delivery, Seller shall provide to Buyer under a limited use license the Seller s Maintenance Program solely in order for Buyer to preserve and store the Equipment at the Delivery Location at no cost to Buyer. Buyer s use of Seller s Maintenance Program shall be reserved only for the foregoing limited use and the sharing or dissemination of the Seller s Maintenance Program with any third parties other than Buyer s vendors and agents who are engaged to perform such preservation and storage services is prohibited. Buyer shall instruct the vendors and agents with whom it has shared the Seller s Maintenance Program to perform the preservation and storage services to adhere to the confidentiality provision contained herein. Buyer may not use, duplicate or disseminate Seller s Maintenance Program for any other purpose and Seller s use license shall expire upon departure (or dismantling) of the last Aircraft from the Delivery Location. 
 11.18. Publicity . 
 (a) Neither Party will issue any press release or make any public announcement relating to the subject matter of this Agreement without the prior written approval of the other Party, except that either Party may make any public disclosure it believes in good faith is required by applicable Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if either Party, or a third party, makes a public disclosure related to this Agreement that is false or damaging to a Party, the aggrieved Party will have the right to make a public response reasonably necessary to correct any misstatement, inaccuracies or material omissions in the initial and wrongful affirmative disclosure without prior approval of the other Party. Neither Party will be required to obtain consent pursuant to this section for any proposed release or announcement that is consistent with information that has previously been made public without breach of its obligations under this clause. 
 (b) Neither Party will, without the other Party s prior written consent in each instance (x) use in advertising, publicity or marketing communications of any kind the name or other trademarks of the other Party or any of its Affiliates, or any employee of either, or (y) represent, directly or indirectly, that any product or service provided by a Party has been approved or endorsed by the other Party or any of its Affiliates. 
 11.19. Relationship of the Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent or master and 
 24 

servant between the Parties, or to grant either Party the right or authority to assume, create or incur any liability or obligation of any kind, express or implied, against, in the name of, or on behalf of, the other Party. 
 11.20. Brokers and other Third Parties . Each Party represents and warrants to the other that it has not paid, agreed to pay or caused to be paid directly or indirectly in any form, any commission, percentage, contingent fee, brokerage or other similar payments of any kind in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, to any Person. Each Party agrees to indemnify and hold the other harmless from and against any and all claims, suits, damages, costs and expenses (including, but not limited to reasonable attorneys fees and costs) asserted by any agent, broker or other third party for any commission or compensation of any nature whatsoever based upon this Agreement or the Transaction Documents or the Aircraft. 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 
 25 

IN WITNESS WHEREO F, the Parties hereto have entered into this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 SELLER 
 SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 By s Simon Gore 
 Name Simon Gore 
 Title Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 BUYER 
 GRYPHON TRADING COMPANY, LLC 
 
 By s Ben Rosenbaum 
 Name Ben Rosenbaum 
 Title Chief Investment Officer 
 
 Signature Page 

</EX-10.61>

<EX-21>
 5
 save-ex21x20221231x10k.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Name of Subsidiary Incorporated Spirit Finance Cayman 1 Ltd Cayman Islands Spirit Finance Cayman 2 Ltd 
 Cayman Islands Spirit IP Cayman Ltd Cayman Islands Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd Cayman Islands 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 save-ex231x20221231x10k.htm
 CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-252989) of Spirit Airlines, Inc. and the related Prospectus 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-206350) pertaining to the 2015 Incentive Award Plan 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-174812) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2005 Incentive Stock Plan and the 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan of Spirit Airlines, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated February 6, 2023 with respect to the financial statements of Spirit Airlines, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Spirit Airlines, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Miami, Florida 
 February 6, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 save-ex311x20221231x10k.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARB

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Edward M. Christie, President and Chief Executive Officer of Spirit Airlines, Inc., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Spirit Airlines, Inc. (the Registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as described in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 6, 2023 s Edward M. Christie Edward M. Christie President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 save-ex312x20221231x10k.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARB

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Scott M. Haralson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Spirit Airlines, Inc., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Spirit Airlines, Inc. (the Registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as described in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 6, 2023 s Scott M. Haralson Scott M. Haralson Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 save-ex321x20221231x10k.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each undersigned officer of Spirit Airlines, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 (i.) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii.) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 6, 2023 s Edward M. Christie Edward M. Christie President and Chief Executive Officer Date February 6, 2023 s Scott M. Haralson Scott M. Haralson Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 save-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 save-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 save-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 save-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 save-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

